<doc id="20210813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210813" title="Montecito Tea Fire">
Montecito Tea Fire

The Montecito Tea Fire is a wildfire that began on November 13, 2008, destroying 210 homes in the cities of Montecito and Santa Barbara, California in the United States of America. It was the first of several November 2008 wildfires that burned hundreds of homes November 13–15, 2008. The Tea Fire ignited in the Cold Springs section of Montecito at approximately 17:50 PST on November 13, 2008. The fire started at a Mar Y Cel historic structure called the "Tea House" above Mountain Drive, giving the fire its name. Spreading rapidly, it was fanned by offshore winds, known as Sundowners that blow down the Santa Ynez Mountains, gusting up to 85 mph (113 km/h). These winds caused the fire to spread into the city of Santa Barbara. The fire was 40% contained on the 15th, 75% on the 16th, and by November 17, 2008 it was 95% contained after burning , and on November 18, it was 100% contained.
On November 15, 2008, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger visited areas burned in the Tea Fire, noting: "When you walk around the area that was destroyed, it looks like hell."
Cause.
The cause of the fire was under investigation for the first four days when authorities determined on November 17 that it was "human caused". The following day, Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office investigators announced that the fire was caused by a group of ten men and women, age 18 to 22, college students, who went to the abandoned Tea House on the night of Wednesday, November 12 and held a bonfire party at the location, through the early morning hours of Thursday, November 13. The students told investigators they had put the fire out, but authorities believe the fire smoldered until the heavy winds ignited the fire on Thursday afternoon.
On November 20, 2008, Dr. Andreea M. Serban, President of Santa Barbara City College, issued a statement noting that "nine of the ten individuals identified as allegedly responsible for the Tea Fire have been confirmed as Santa Barbara City College students." That same day, Dr Gayle Beebe, president of Westmont College, noted in a press release the college's relief to learn that none of the ten were enrolled at Westmont.
Although the individuals were found guilty of trespassing and holding an illegal bonfire, there was not enough evidence to convict them of starting the blaze. "After a months-long investigation by several agencies, the District Attorney’s Office decided it could only charge the group with the misdemeanor crimes, unable to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the campfire they had started - and, according to group members, extinguished - more than 12 hours earlier had led to the Tea Fire." 
Impact.
Injuries and evacuations.
Santa Barbara County officials stated that they had reports of 13 persons injured, including 10 who were treated for smoke inhalation and three with burn injuries, one of which was critical. There is a foundation for two burn victims of the fire, Lance & Carla Hoffman. Information on this foundation including benefits and donations can be found on Facebook's group "Tea Fire Survivors: Lance and Karla Hoffman". The fire resulted in the evacuation of 5,400 homes with 15,000 residents. Approximately 2,700 evacuees were back home by the November 16, 2008. There was one fatality amongst the evacuees, a 98-year-old man, though the county sheriff-coroner had not ascertained yet if the death was due to the fire or his multiple medical problems.
Destruction of 210 homes.
The Tea Fire resulted in the destruction of 210 homes in Montecito and Santa Barbara. Of the destroyed homes, 106 were in the city of Santa Barbara, and the remainder were in Montecito. One of the homes destroyed in the fire belonged to actor Christopher Lloyd (best known for playing "Doc" Brown in the "Back to the Future" trilogy). Another was the home of TV producer Marcy Carsey. Actor Rob Lowe, who lives in the area struck by the fire, was forced to flee his home. Film director, screenwriter and film producer Steven Spielberg is also a resident in the area.
Television personality Oprah Winfrey owns a estate in the area. She began her Friday, November 14 "The Oprah Winfrey Show" talking about the fire and her concern for neighbors. Winfrey's house was spared, but Winfrey noted, "From now on I'll have so much more empathy and compassion for people who are going through it."
Westmont College.
The campus of Westmont College was heavily damaged, though no injuries were reported on the campus. The college's advance planning for a shelter-in-place was credited with this favorable human outcome. 800 people (students, employees, visitors and neighbors) hunkered down in the gymnasium as the fire burned to within ten feet. The Physics Lab, Psychology Building, Math Building, and 15 of the faculty homes were destroyed. Two of the residence hall buildings in Clark residence hall were completely gutted, along with the RD cottage. With the recovery phase initiated over the weekend, faculty and staff were allowed back on campus November 17, but the school was scheduled to remain closed to students until December 1.
Mount Calvary Retreat House and Monastery.
The Mount Calvary Retreat House and Monastery in Santa Barbara, part of the Order of the Holy Cross, was also destroyed.
Response and resources.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency for Santa Barbara County due to the Tea Fire. Schwarzenegger issued a statement that he was "making all state resources available to the fire commanders and was requesting assistance from the federal government as well."
On November 14, 2008, 1,141 personnel were on the scene, including 260 from CalFire, and 25 fire crews. They were supported by 193 engines, 7 dozers, and 1 watertender. Resources were expanded on November 15 to include 2,235 firefighters and 9 helicopters with cost estimates of $3.5 million, which increased to $3.9 million the following day.
Staffed from 8 a.m. to midnight, a public information call center was established to provide updates and status reports. Information was made available on the County Government-access television (GATV) cable TV station, as well as specific AM and FM radios that provided Emergency Public Information. CSBTV Channel 20 ran Live Video Stream.
San Marcos High School in Santa Barbara became an emergency shelter, operated by the American Red Cross, Santa Barbara County Chapter. Earl Warren Showgrounds was opened for large animal evacuees, while small animals could be brought to the Santa Barbara Humane Society in Goleta.

</doc>
<doc id="20210824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210824" title="Ring-tail harrier">
Ring-tail harrier

Ring-tail is an informal term used by birders for the juveniles and females of several harrier species, when seen in the field and not identified to exact species.
The adult males of these species are usually relatively easy to distinguish, being pale grey with different amounts of black on the wing. However, the juveniles and females are all very similar to each other – dark brown with a white rump and white beneath the dark tail. This pattern leads to the name, as when seen from behind, the white appears as a ring around the tail.
Ringtail harriers include juveniles and females of the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="20210849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210849" title="Hacıməlik">
Hacıməlik

Hacıməlik (known as Əzizbəyov until 1999) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,871. 

</doc>
<doc id="20210850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210850" title="SavaCentre">
SavaCentre

SavaCentre was a chain of 13 hypermarkets and later a further seven discount supermarkets operated by Sainsbury's and BHS, beginning in 1977. Sainsbury's later operated the stores alone beginning 1989, renaming them Sainsbury’s SavaCentre, to 2005 when the stores were integrated into the Sainsbury's supermarket brand. The hypermarket stores ranged in size from to and the discount supermarkets ranged in size from to . At the time of its inception, it was the only dedicated hypermarket chain in the UK.
History.
The initial idea.
In the 1970s, the then chairman and chief executive of Sainsbury’s, John Davan Sainsbury (later Lord Sainsbury of Preston Candover), realised the threat from the emergence of hypermarkets, such as those being built by the French retailer Carrefour. The initial response by Sainsbury’s was a 50:50 joint enterprise with British Home Stores, set up on 9 December 1975 as "Sabre Hypermarkets Limited", which was changed to "Savacentre Limited" on 31 December 1976. 
These stores carried the complete range of Sainsbury’s and British Home Stores products along with electrical goods like refrigerators, washing machines, audio and TV equipment. Typical counters included delicatessen and fresh fish counters, an in-store bakery, a restaurant and half the stores' sales areas were devoted to textiles, electrical goods and hardware. The stores also featured a petrol filling station and some stores had over 1,000 car parking spaces. Following Sainsbury's launch of its home improvements venture, Homebase, in 1981, home and gardening products featured in SavaCentre stores. Following the 1986 merger between Habitat Mothercare and British Home Stores to create Storehouse plc, baby care products were also sold in SavaCentre stores.
The first stores open.
The first SavaCentre opened at The Galleries, Washington, Tyne and Wear, on 15 November 1977, with of sales area, and the slogan "The store with more for less.". This store was extended by a further to in 1986. On 17 October 1978, the second SavaCentre opened in the Hempstead Valley Shopping Centre off Junction 4 of the M2 Motorway in Hempstead, Kent. At the opposite end of the Hempstead Valley Shopping Centre a Presto (UK supermarket) opened, which later became a Safeway (UK) store. Following Sainsbury's buyout of Storehouse plc's 50% stake in SavaCentre in 1989, the British Home Stores branch is now located in the former Safeway store, following Safeway's 2004 acquisition by Morrisons.
The number of SavaCentres grew slowly during the 1980s. In March 1980, the third SavaCentre opened in Basildon Town Centre, adjacent to the Eastgate Shopping Centre (Basildon) in Essex with of sales area, but this store was sold to Asda in 2004. In October 1980, a fourth SavaCentre opened in the Town Centre of Oldbury, West Midlands, off Junction 2 of the M5 motorway near Birmingham. In September 1981, the Calcot SavaCentre, off Junction 12 of the M4 motorway in Reading, Berkshire, opened, and this store was used in the SavaCentre TV adverts in 1983. The Calcot SavaCentre was further extended by in the 1990/91 financial year, but when the store was re-branded as Sainsbury's in 2005, the extension was sold off to Next (clothing). 
In 1984, SavaCentre started trading in Scotland following the opening of a store in Cameron Toll Shopping Centre in Cameron Toll, Edinburgh, between the A7 and A701 roads. At the time of building the Cameron Toll SavaCentre was Scotland’s largest single level store. This store also had to compete with a smaller Safeway (UK) supermarket in the same shopping centre, until the Safeway branch closed down in 1997.
Colliers Wood, London Merton SavaCentre opened on 28 February 1989 with of sales area, making it the largest hypermarket in the UK at the time of its opening. This store was later split up, with Sainsbury's taking of the sales area. The remainder of the space was taken by Marks & Spencer in 2005, with the store exterior featuring branding of both companies.
Becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Sainsbury's.
In March 1989, Sainsbury’s bought out Storehouse plc's 50% share in the partnership for £123 million (valuing SavaCentre at £246 million in total or each of its then seven stores at £35.14 million each) and SavaCentre became a wholly owned subsidiary on 13 March 1989, in the last week of the financial year; the chain was rebranded "Sainsbury's SavaCentre". [http://www.j-sainsbury.com/files/reports/ar1989.pdf] Sainsbury’s initially negotiated a long-term contract with Storehouse to continue to supply SavaCentre with clothing, domestic textiles, lighting and other non-food lines, although these products were gradually phased out following the launch of Sainsbury’s ‘Lifestyle’ range of own brand clothes in 1991. This was re-branded as 'I-N-I-T-I-A-L-S' in September 1996. The Sainsbury’s own-label clothing range is now branded ‘Tu’. At the time Sainsbury’s believed there was scope for significant expansion. The deal also allowed Sainsbury’s to integrate the company more fully with its existing food retailing chain, whilst retaining a separate management structure.
Further expansion.
London Colney SavaCentre, off Junction 22 of the M25 motorway in Hertfordshire, opened on 13 March 1990 with of sales area, and at the time of its opening it also became the largest hypermarket in the UK. The London Colney hypermarket was so large that two-thirds of the sales space was devoted to non-food. This store was later split up, with Sainsbury's taking of the sales area. The balance was sold off to Marks & Spencer, and the store was then re-branded as "Sainsbury's M&S" in 2005.
The SavaCentre in Meadowhall Shopping Centre, Sheffield, opened in September 1990 with of sales area. This store was originally re-branded as a Sainsbury's in 1999, but was closed and re-located to Crystal Peaks in 2006. 
It was not until October 1993 that the tenth SavaCentre opened at Beckton in East London. This store became the smallest SavaCentre, with a sales area of . At the same time, a new concept store, with of sales area, was opened adjacent to the SavaCentre. This store was based on a club warehouse type format, and was branded as "Bulksava". This format was not a success and the Bulksava branch closed down a year later. 
In August 1995, the London Sydenham SavaCentre opened with a sales area of . Also in 1995, the Stockton-on-Tees SavaCentre opened, with of sales area, which was a former North Eastern Co-op store, and was later sold to Tesco in 2003. In 1997 a SavaCentre opened in the White Rose Centre, off the M62 motorway, in Morley, West Yorkshire, in Leeds, with of sales area. When this store was re-branded as Sainsbury's in 2005, the sales area was cut to .
A fourteenth SavaCentre hypermarket planned for Braehead in Glasgow, Scotland, was also due to open in 1997. This store opened as a large Sainsbury's store in 2009.
A fifteenth SavaCentre hypermarket was planned for Romford, North East London, but this store also only eventually opened as a large Sainsbury's.
1990s store formats strategy.
During the 1990s, Sainsbury’s continued to build around 20 new freehold supermarkets of around a year. Sainsbury’s argued that customers would rather experience a full grocery offer which was not compromised by non-food. With stores of SavaCentre size, not only could the full range of Sainsbury’s grocery products be sold, but a further sales area of equivalent size could be devoted to non-food. SavaCentre was still only a small part of the group, and did not make a significant contribution to the Group in comparison to Sainsbury’s Supermarkets.
This came at a time when arch-rival Tesco was not only matching the Sainsbury’s store portfolio, but also exceeding them in terms of store size. Tesco mimicked the Sainsbury’s SavaCentre format, and launched its own Tesco Extra version only as recently as 1997, which was 20 years later than Sainsbury’s. Tesco pursued an aggressive expansion of its hypermarket format, converting existing stores through extensions, and paying high prices for larger pieces of land to build new ones. This means that although it was Sainsbury’s who pioneered the modern hypermarket.
Launching a strategic review of SavaCentre.
On 2 August 1997, Sainsbury's decided to launch a strategic review of its SavaCentre hypermarket format. The review concluded that to offer both the full Sainsbury's food offer and a comprehensive non-food offer, stores would have to have sales areas of at least . Obtaining planning permission for stores of these sizes in out-of-town locations was difficult, and there was also stiff competition from specialist non-food retailers at the time.
It was therefore decided that the traditional SavaCentre hypermarket format would be scrapped, and the existing SavaCentre stores would be re-modelled to look like a very large Sainsbury's Supermarket, concentrating on fresh foods and home meal replacements. Under the new format, DIY and gardening products, lighting, TVs and vacuum cleaners were to be removed. It was also decided that the SavaCentre name would be re-branded as "Sainsbury's Savacentre", to emphasise that the company was now a wholly owned subsidiary of Sainsbury's.
In August 1998, the Calcot SavaCentre was the first to be re-modelled to provide a greater emphasis on food, with the food to non-food ratio changing from 60:40 to 80:20. Non-food was based around four areas: Celebration - for party ideas; Indulgence - for beauty products; Baby and Toddler; and Cookshop. The refurbishment cost £10m.
The plan was to roll out the format, which was trialled at the Calcot SavaCentre, to the other 12 SavaCentres over the next three years. This format was not a success and the Calcot SavaCentre became the only hypermarket to be re-modelled in this format. The Calcot SavaCentre was down-sized and re-branded as Sainsbury's in 2005, but following a further refurbishment in 2008, a number of the products removed in the 1998 revamp were re-introduced.
Launch of discount supermarkets.
On 29 May 2002, Sainsbury's announced that it would be extending the SavaCentre format to include discount supermarkets, under the "Sainsbury's savacentre" brand name, with the slogan "Making Life Taste Better For Less". These stores were aimed at family shoppers with a much stronger emphasis on Economy ranges than a core Sainsbury's Supermarket. These stores would range in size from to of sales area, with a third of the space devoted to non-food. The plan was to launch 90 of these discount supermarkets in total, after the successful launch of six trial stores.
Only eight discount supermarkets were opened in total. The first store, with a sales area of , opened in Northfield, Birmingham on 30 May 2002. Further stores were opened in Wigan, on 17 August 2002; Ashton-under-Lyne, Wednesfield, Wolverhampton, in 2002; Knotty Ash, Liverpool, on 1 March 2003; Stoke-on-Trent, on 18 March 2003; and stores in Bolton and Grimsby both opened on 27 March 2003. 
This format was not a success and all eight stores have since reverted to the core Sainsbury's brand.
Disappearance.
In April 1999, the Sainsbury's SavaCentre Head Office in Wokingham, Berkshire closed down and the administration moved to Sainsbury’s Blackfriars headquarters in London. The Wokingham Head Office was originally opened in 1982.
At the same time, SavaCentre hypermarkets were integrated into Sainsbury's new "Large Store Formats Group", as Sainsbury's largest store format, a position it held until September 2010.
As a result of the ‘Making Sainsbury’s Great Again’ recovery plan by chief executive Justin King revealed on 19 October 2004, it was announced that the Sainsbury's SavaCentre concept would be scrapped, and would be integrated under the main Sainsbury’s brand. It is believed that the SavaCentre brand name was scrapped because the SavaCentre format had had mixed success over the years, and it left the option for Sainsbury's to launch a substantial non-food offer in its heritage supermarket estate, under its own brand, in the future. 
10 of the 13 former SavaCentre hypermarkets now trade as Sainsbury’s, and all seven of the former Sainsbury's SavaCentre discount supermarkets now trade as Sainsbury's. The former SavaCentres in London Colney and Merton are now joint-ventures with Marks & Spencer, and have the external fascia 'Sainsbury's M&S'. The Meadowhall, Sheffield branch of SavaCentre was converted into a Sainsbury's supermarket store in 1999 and closed in 2005. At the same time as Meadowhall closed, in 2006, a replacement opened south of the city at Crystal Peaks. A number of the other SavaCentres were down-sized, leaving the London Sydenham SavaCentre store the largest Sainsbury's store in the country until September 2010.
Beyond the SavaCentre format.
In 2008, the London Sydenham and Oldbury SavaCentres were re-modelled to trial a launch of a non-food offer. This was the first major attempt by Sainsbury's to launch its own substantial non-food offer since the launch of the "Lifestyle" clothing range in 1991. This format became a success, and later in 2008 Sainsbury's announced that it was going to extend as many as 100 existing Sainsbury's Supermarkets to SavaCentre store sizes of of sales area or more by 2014, to carry the new non-food offer trialled in the London Sydenham and Oldbury SavaCentres. For example, the Hayes, Middlesex branch was extended from to in sales area in November 2008. The Kempshott, Basingstoke branch was extended to of sales area and was both opened and re-opened by Life President Lord Sainsbury of Preston Candover himself in November 1988 and 25 August 2010 respectively.
The largest format of Sainsbury's stores is now branded as the "100k sq ft stores" format, and was launched in September 2010. These stores have sales areas of or more and have a 55:45 split between food and non-food. The first three "100k sq ft stores" were launched in Crayford, Lincoln and Stanway, Essex between September and December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20210856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210856" title="Global Award for Entrepreneurship Research">
Global Award for Entrepreneurship Research

Since its inception in 1996 the Global Award for Entrepreneurship Research has become firmly established as the foremost global award for research on entrepreneurship. This Prize is awarded annually and it consists of the statuette "The Hand of God”, created by Swedish Sculptor Carl Milles, and a Prize sum of 100,000 euros.
The organizations behind the Prize are the Swedish Foundation for Small Business Research (FSF), the Swedish Agency for Economic and Regional Growth (Nutek) and the Research Institute of Industrial Economics (IFN).
The Prize.
In 1996 Swedish Foundation for Small Business Research (FSF) and the Swedish Agency for Economic and Regional Growth (Nutek) instituted the International Award for Entrepreneurship and Small Business Research. In 2008 the Research Institute of Industrial Economics (IFN) joined FSF and Nutek to become the third partner in awarding the Prize. At the same time the Prize sum was doubled to 100,000 euros, the name of the Prize was changed, and the procedure for nominating and evaluating prospective Award Winners was strengthened. The partnership of IFN became possible thanks to a donation by the Swedish entrepreneur and industrialist Rune Andersson and his holding company Mellby Gård AB.
Criteria.
According to the statutes the Award should be given to “a person who has produced scientific work of outstanding quality and importance, thereby giving a significant contribution to theory-building concerning entrepreneurship and small business development, the role and importance of new firm formation and the role of SMEs in economic development.”
Hence, the prime reason for receiving the Award is outstanding scientific achievement. In addition, other aspects may be factored in. The ambition behind the Award is threefold:
What is rewarded?
Over a longer time span the Award winning contributions should reflect the extraordinary width of entrepreneurship as a social science field, spanning the entire spectrum from anthropology to theoretical microeconomics, and its methodological diversity.
Another dimension concerns what aspects of entrepreneurship that can be rewarded. Here at least three important aspects come to mind:
Nomination.
A number of distinguished entrepreneurship scholars are invited in May–June every year to nominate candidates. The invitation is extended to:
The nominations provide the first step in the creation of a list of potential candidates considered by the Prize Committee. It is at the discretion of the Committee to decide which candidates should be targeted for a more thorough evaluation. A candidate can be short-listed for several years and therefore during that time be regarded as a potential candidate for the Award.
Selection.
The Prize Committee “inherits” a limited number of short-listed candidates from the previous year, and except in rare cases the Winner will be selected from this pool of short-listed candidates. However, the Committee is also commissioned to add one or two new candidates to this pool based on nominations and discussions in that year (and previous years).
All short-listed candidates are thoroughly evaluated by a specialist in the candidate’s field. These outside evaluations are strictly confidential. The evaluation of a Winner by the commissioned expert will form the basis for a published presentation of the Winner co-authored by the outside expert and the member of the Prize Committee who is most familiar with the Winner‘s work. In some cases the commissioned expert may be a member of the Prize Committee, but this is likely to be an exception rather than a rule.
Announcement.
The Award Winner is announced at FSF’s Annual Conference (“Small Business Days”) in the city of Örebro in central Sweden in late January. After the announcement the Award Winner is requested to prepare a publishable Prize Lecture that can be delivered at the official Award ceremony in Stockholm in September.
The Award is typically conferred by the Minister of Enterprise, Trade and Communication and the Winner is then expected to tour Sweden during the Entrepreneurship Week, the annual seminar tour of Swedish university cities taking place during the week (in September) when the Award is conferred.
Carl Milles and the statuette.
Carl Milles was arguably Sweden’s most prominent sculptor in the 20th century. “The Hand of God” was one of Milles’ last works before his death. Originally, Milles created it to honor the Swedish innovator and entrepreneur Carl Edvard Johansson who revolutionized precision measuring of auto and other industrial parts which made the assembly line possible, and the original still stands in Johansson’s hometown of Eskilstuna.
Throughout the 1930s Milles worked at Cranbrook Academy of Art near Detroit. Thanks to a contribution from the United Auto Workers “The Hand of God” was recast and donated to the city of Detroit in honor of Frank Murphy, Michigan Governor and US Supreme Court Associate Justice. It now stands outside the Frank Murphy Hall of Justice in Detroit. 
Previous winners.
Below is a table listing previous winners through 2008, their fields of expertise and their individual prize motivations.

</doc>
<doc id="20210861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210861" title="Perrozompopo">
Perrozompopo

Perrozompopo is the artistic name of a Nicaraguan songwriter from a generation of ideological and social changes that profoundly marked the compass of his work. War, poverty, the martyrs, the bullet from dictatorship, men and women missing children, marginalization, the church, silence, corruption, children, music, the guitar army, the car and the bus thief, the silent face of so many people from the countryside, the lack of letters and desks, friends, love, disappointment, and the ideas that still exist beneath the cobblestones, are mixed with the music copyright, rock, the ballad, rap, reggae, Latin American and other influences, given geography to this new urban music-tance, is also the result of all these transformations and experiences of Nicaraguans; a lost generation.
The video clip "Rivers of People", led by Marvin Murillo, was selected as the best video clip in the recently concluded XVI Shows Film and Video Costarricense. Murillo, who was also responsible for the screenplay and post-production, stressed that it is a video that has "talent ment and technical talent" and thanked the support of the AVINA Foundation for producing the Papaya Music label video.
The video clip was made in Nicaragua with a photo of Gustavo Brenes and production of Avella Karina and Martha Clarissa Hernandez.
The audiovisual raises the history of Nicaraguan families as one family gathers around the portrait of a family member who has been forced to emigrate, thus completing the family group.
Sample Film and Video Costarricense is organized every year by the Costa Rican Film Production Center of the Ministry of Culture and Youth.
Perrozompopo is considered one of the most important exponents of the Nicaraguan rock and pop scene. In Costa Rica, he is well known for his two albums, "Breaking the Silence" and "I Want You to Know", which were recorded in mid-2007 under the Papaya Music label.
Perrozompopo played at the concert organized by "Deine Stimme gegen Armut" in Rostock, Germany, during the G8 Summit 2007 in Heiligendamm. He was also a Latin Grammy Award nominatee for "Best Alternative Music Album" for “Canciones Populares Constetatarias” (CPC).
He is the nephew of singer and composer Carlos Mejia Godoy and brother of salsa-singer and composer Luis Enrique.

</doc>
<doc id="20210867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210867" title="Xaqani">
Xaqani

Xaqani (also, Xəqani) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,922. 

</doc>
<doc id="20210872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210872" title="Mollacəlilli">
Mollacəlilli

Mollacəlilli (known as Yeni Əlibayramlı until 1999) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,805. 

</doc>
<doc id="20210881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210881" title="Yeni Zod">
Yeni Zod

Yeni Zod (known as Azad until 1999) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,153. 

</doc>
<doc id="20210883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210883" title="Quantum t-design">
Quantum t-design

A Quantum t-design is a probability distribution over pure quantum states which can duplicate properties of the probability distribution over the Haar measure for polynomials of degree t or less. Specifically, the average of any polynomial function of degree t over the design is exactly the same as the average over Haar measure. Here the Haar measure is a uniform probability distribution over all quantum states. These designs are usually unique, and thus almost always calculable. Two particularly important types of t-designs in quantum mechanics are spherical and unitary t-designs.
Spherical t-designs are designs where points of the design (i.e. the points being used for the averaging process) are points on a unit sphere. Spherical t-designs and variations thereof have been considered lately and found useful in quantum information theory, quantum cryptography and other related fields.
Unitary designs are analogous to spherical designs in that they approximate the entire unitary group via a finite collection of unitary matrices. Unitary designs have been found useful in information theory and quantum computing. Unitary designs are especially useful in quantum computing since most operations are represented by unitary operators.
Motivation.
In a d-dimensional Hilbert space when averaging over all quantum pure states the natural group is SU(d), the special unitary group of dimension d. The Haar measure is, by definition, the unique group-invariant measure, so it is used to average properties that are not unitarily invariant over all states, or over all unitaries.
A particularly widely used example of this is the spin formula_1 system. For this system the relevant group is SU(2) which is the group of all 2x2 unitary operators. Since every 2x2 unitary operator is a rotation of the Bloch sphere, the Haar measure for spin-1/2 particles is invariant under all rotations of the Bloch sphere. This implies that the Haar measure is "the" rotationally invariant measure on the Bloch sphere, which can be thought of as a constant density distribution over the surface of the sphere.
Another recent application is the fact that a symmetric informationally complete POVM is also a spherical 2-design. Also, since a 2-design must have more than formula_2 elements, a SIC-POVM is a minimal 2-design.
Spherical Designs.
Complex projective (t,t)-designs have been studied in quantum information theory as quantum 2-designs, and in t-designs of vectors in the unit sphere in formula_3 which, when transformed to vectors in formula_4 become complex projective (t/2,t/2)-designs.
Formally, we define a complex projective (t,t)-design as a probability distribution over quantum states formula_5 if
formula_6
Here, the integral over states is taken over the Haar measure on the unit sphere in formula_7
Exact t-designs over quantum states cannot be distinguished from the uniform probability distribution over all states when using t copies of a state from the probability distribution. However in practice even t-designs may be difficult to compute. For this reason approximate t-designs are useful.
Approximate (t,t)-designs are most useful due to their ability to be efficiently implemented. i.e. it is possible to generate a quantum state formula_8 distributed according to the probability distribution formula_9 in formula_10 time.
This efficient construction also implies that the POVM of the operators formula_11 can be implemented in formula_10 time.
The technical definition of an approximate (t,t)-design is:
If formula_13
and formula_14
then formula_5 is an formula_16-approximate (t,t)-design.
It is possible, though perhaps inefficient, to find an formula_16-approximate (t,t) design consisting of quantum pure states for a fixed t.
Construction.
For convenience N is assumed to be a power of 2.
Using the fact that for any N there exists a set of formula_18 functions {0...,N-1} formula_19 {0...,N-1} such that for any distinct formula_20 {0...,N-1} the image under f, where f is chosen at random from S, is exactly the uniform distribution over tuples of d elements of {0...,N-1}.
Let formula_21 be drawn from the Haar measure. Let formula_22 be the probability distribution of formula_23 and let formula_24. Finally let formula_25 be drawn from P. If we define formula_26 with probability formula_27 and formula_28 with probability formula_1 then:
formula_30 for odd j and formula_31 for even j.
Using this and Gaussian quadrature we can construct formula_32 so that formula_33 is an approximate (t,t)-design.
Unitary Designs.
Elements of the unitary design are elements of the unitary group, U(d), the group of formula_34 unitary matrices. A t-design of unitary operators will generate a t-design of states.
Suppose formula_35 is your unitary design (i.e. a set of unitary operators). Then for "any" pure state formula_36 let formula_37. Then formula_38
then X is a unitary t-design.
We further define the inner product for functions formula_39 and formula_40 on formula_41 as the average value of formula_42 as:
formula_43
and formula_44 as the average value of formula_42 over any finite subset formula_46.
it follows that X is a unitary t-design iff formula_47.
From the above it is demonstrable that if X is a t-design then formula_48 is an absolute bound for the design. This imposes an upper bound on the size of a unitary design. This bound is absolute meaning it depends only on the strength of the design or the degree of the code, and not the distances in the subset, X.
A unitary code is a finite subset of the unitary group in which a few inner product values occur between elements. Specifically, a unitary code is defined as a finite subset formula_46 if for all formula_50 in X formula_51 takes only distinct values.
It follows that formula_52 and if U and M are orthogonal: formula_53

</doc>
<doc id="20210884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210884" title="KAGH-FM">
KAGH-FM

KAGH-FM (104.9 FM, "Today's Country 104.9") is a radio station licensed to serve Crossett, Arkansas, USA. The station is owned by Crossett Radio and licensed to Peggy S. Medlin's Ashley County Broadcasters, Inc.
The station airs a country music format. In addition to its usual music programming, KAGH-FM also airs St. Louis Cardinals baseball games and Arkansas Razorbacks football games.
The station was assigned the KAGH-FM call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on May 18, 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20210886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210886" title="Fungible information">
Fungible information

Fungible information is the information for which the means of encoding is not important. Classical information theorists and computer scientists are mainly concerned with information of this sort. 
It is sometimes referred as speakable information.

</doc>
<doc id="20210889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210889" title="Şəhriyar, Goygol">
Şəhriyar, Goygol

Şəhriyar (known as Mirzik until 1999) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,114. 

</doc>
<doc id="20210896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210896" title="Göyçəkənd">
Göyçəkənd

Göyçəkənd (also, Gəyçəkənd, known as Oktyabr until 1999) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 683. 

</doc>
<doc id="20210902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210902" title="Kərəmli, Goygol">
Kərəmli, Goygol

Kərəmli (previously known as Qarakeşiş and 26 Bakı Komissarı adına) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 382. 

</doc>
<doc id="20210905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210905" title="Qarabulaq, Goygol">
Qarabulaq, Goygol

Qarabulaq (known as Martunashen until 1992) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 252.
Before the Nagorno-Karabakh War, it was previously populated by Armenians. Its Armenian population was forcefully evicted and deported by Soviet special forces during Operation Ring

</doc>
<doc id="20210909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210909" title="Handball at the 1986 Asian Games">
Handball at the 1986 Asian Games

The Handball events at the 1986 Asian Games were held in Seoul, South Korea between September 20 and October 5, 1986. The competition included only men's event.

</doc>
<doc id="20210910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210910" title="Üçbulaq, Goygol">
Üçbulaq, Goygol

Üçbulaq (known as Murut until 1999) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 192. 

</doc>
<doc id="20210912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210912" title="Marcia Baila">
Marcia Baila

"Marcia Baïla" is a 1985 song recorded by the French duet Rita Mitsouko. It was the third single from their first album, "Rita Mitsouko", and was released in April of that year. Dedicated to a dancer with the band who died in 1981, this song was a big hit both in France and abroad and can be considered as being the band's signature song.
Background and writing.
The song was composed by both members of the group, Catherine Ringer and Fred Chichin. It is a tribute to Argentine dancer and choreographer Marcia Moretto, who participated in the band's tours before her death from breast cancer in 1981 at the age of 32. With this song, the group enjoyed extensive media coverage; indeed, "the music video for the single a success which result[ed in repeated and enthusiastic broadcastings on the television, the extravagance of the group express itself as well in concerts as during its cathodic performances." Philippe Gautier directed the vibrant and widely-viewed music video that accompanies the song. Despite its Spanish title, the lyrics are in French.
Chart performance.
In France, the song had a long chart trajectory, remaining on the Top 50 charts for 29 weeks. It debuted at #33 on April 27, 1985, and climbed regularly until it peaked at #2 for three consecutive weeks. In all, it spent 17 weeks in the Top Ten. "Marcia Baïla" is currently the 187th best-selling single of all time in France, with about 800,000 units sold. The song was Rita Mitsouko's first big hit and propelled them to considerable fame.
In the media and cover versions.
The song can be heard in several fims, including "The Witnesses" (produced by André Téchiné, 2007), "La Tête de maman" (Carine Tardieu, 2007), "Le Pornographe" (Bertrand Bonello, 2001), "Belle Maman" (Gabriel Aghion, 1999) and "Sans toit ni loi" (Agnès Varda, 1985).
In 1997, the song was covered in Spanish by Los Del Sol. Gloria Lasso covered the song under the title "Baïlando con Marcia". In 1998, Ricky Martin covered the song on his album "Vuelve", on which it features as the 11th track. Christer Björkman also made a version of the song, released as a single in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20210945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210945" title="List of tourist attractions in the Isle of Wight">
List of tourist attractions in the Isle of Wight

The following is a list of tourist attractions on the Isle of Wight.
Isle of Wight Pearl

</doc>
<doc id="20210946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210946" title="Sextus Cocceius Anicius Faustus Paulinus">
Sextus Cocceius Anicius Faustus Paulinus

Sextus Cocceius Anicius Faustus Paulinus (fl. 3rd century AD) was a Roman senator who was appointed suffect consul sometime before AD 260/268.
Biography.
Probably either the son or nephew of Anicius Faustus Paulinus, suffect consul before AD 230, Faustus Paulinus was a member of the Patrician third century "gens Anicia". He was appointed suffect consul sometime before AD 260/268, and was the proconsular governor of Africa, most likely around AD 265/268, but it has been acknowledged that he may have filled the office sometime later, possibly between AD 276 and 285.
It has been speculated that he was possibly the father of Anicius Faustus Paulinus, the consul of AD 298.

</doc>
<doc id="20210951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210951" title="Dunmow railway station">
Dunmow railway station

Dunmow railway station was a station serving Great Dunmow, Essex.
History.
The railway line through Dunmow was built by the Bishop's Stortford, Dunmow and Braintree Railway (BSD&BR). The line, including Dunmow station, was opened on 22 February 1869, and on the same day the BSD&BR company was absorbed by the Great Eastern Railway.
Regular services ended on 3 March 1952, but the station was not formally closed to passengers until after August 1961. It closed to goods on 1 April 1969. The site and trackbed have been used for the B1256 Dunmow Bypass and no trace of the railway remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20210958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210958" title="Charles de Vaulx">
Charles de Vaulx

Charles de Vaulx is a French-born asset manager (i.e., one who practices asset management), noted for his value investing in the spirit of Graham and Dodd.
Background and history.
He earned a Master in Finance from Ecole Supérieure de Commerce de Rouen, France. In January 1987, de Vaulx joined the SoGen Funds, working under Jean-Marie Eveillard as an analyst. In August 1996, de Vaulx became an associate portfolio manager. In 1999, Société Générale sold the SoGen Funds to Arnold and S. Bleichroeder Advisers and the funds were renamed First Eagle Funds. In January 2000, de Vaulx was made co-portfolio manager of four funds and a number of institutional accounts. In December 2001 he and his colleague Jean-Marie Eveillard were awarded Morningstar's "International Stock Manager of the Year." De Vaulx was designated as the hand-picked successor to Eveillard who went on to retire in December 2004, making de Vaulx the lead portfolio manager in January 2005. Surprising the industry, as well captured by the media at the time ( "see the MarketWatch story" ) de Vaulx left First Eagle, this just weeks after winning another Morningstar award in December 2006 as the runner-up for "International Stock Manager of the Year." In 2008, de Vaulx joined International Value Advisors.
Portfolio management.
De Vaulx's portfolio management style has been characterized as value-oriented and long-only. This value tilt tends to find de Vaulx investing into firms with stronger cash flows which happen to be selling at some discount, and where those cash flows also turn into higher yields for investors. So his portfolios tend to have higher yields than the index. From his history at First Eagle (2000 - early 2007), he also tends to keep a goodly amount of cash on hand, but part of this could be explained by the dearth of values some of that time. Notably, de Vaulx's funds tended to underperform in up markets during a boom (for example, the dot-com bubble). However, de Vaulx's large cash positions also helped to mitigate the impacts of the 2000-2002 stock market correction, when a number of his funds outperfomed by large margins. Additionally, de Vaulx tended to keep some small part of the portfolios in gold and in bonds, thus providing additional hedges to the equity volatility. Unsurprisingly, these non-correlating assets tended to give the portfolios low R-squareds to most indexes. The combination of large cash holdings with stocks paying above average dividends with some other non-correlating assets created low Beta portfolios with market-beating Sharpe ratios. Of course, past performance is no guarantee of future returns, but some academic literature does seem to suggest that low-beta asset allocations do provide greater Sharpe ratios over time. Counter to that literature is the premise that "there is no free lunch" and that any outperformance will eventually disappear as copy-cats reduce margins of outperforming managers.

</doc>
<doc id="20210965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210965" title="Qızılqaya, Goygol">
Qızılqaya, Goygol

Qızılqaya is a village in the municipality of Goygol in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20210971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210971" title="Henri Collet">
Henri Collet

Henri Collet (; November 5, 1885 – November 23, 1951) was a French composer and music critic who lived in Paris. Today his music is seldom performed and he is best remembered for his 1920 article in Comoedia in which he coined the term Groupe des six to designate a young group of musicians at the Conservatoire de Paris which included Francis Poulenc and Darius Milhaud.
Selected works.
Stage
Orchestral
Chamber
Piano
Vocal

</doc>
<doc id="20210972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210972" title="Sərkar, Goygol">
Sərkar, Goygol

Sərkar (also, Sərkarh) is a village in the municipality of Qırıqlı in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20210978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210978" title="Aşağı Zurnabad">
Aşağı Zurnabad

Aşağı Zurnabad is a village in the municipality of Zurnabad in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20210982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210982" title="Firuzabad, Azerbaijan">
Firuzabad, Azerbaijan

Firuzabad is a village in the municipality of Üçtəpə in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20210989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210989" title="Səmədli">
Səmədli

Səmədli is a village in the municipality of Quşqara in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20210993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210993" title="Bəhrəmbağ">
Bəhrəmbağ

Bəhrəmbağ is a village in the municipality of Quşqara in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20210994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210994" title="Quintus Anicius Faustus">
Quintus Anicius Faustus

Quintus Anicius Faustus (fl. late 2nd century – early 3rd century AD) was a Roman military officer and senator who was appointed suffect consul in AD 198.
Biography.
Born either in Uzappa in the province of Numidia, or in Praeneste in Italia, it has been speculated that Anicius Faustus was possibly the son of a Sextus Anicius Saturninus and Seia Maxima. A member of the third century "gens Anicia" and a "novus homo", Faustus was appointed the "Legatus Augusti pro praetore" (or imperial governor) of the province of Numidia by the emperor Septimius Severus, a position he held from AD 197 – 201. During this time he built several defensive forts of the Limes Tripolitanus, in southern Numidia and in Tripolitania, in order to protect the province from the raids of nomadic tribes.
Anicius Faustus was appointed "consul suffectus in absentia" in AD 198, while serving in Numidia. This was followed by his posting as "Legatus Augusti pro praetore" of Moesia Superior, which he may have held from possibly AD 202 to 205. He then fell out of favour with Septimius Severus, and this continued through Caracalla’s reign, possibly due to his close working relationship with Gaius Fulvius Plautianus, who was executed for plotting to overthrow the Severan Dynasty. It wasn’t until the reign of Macrinus that he returned to favour, with his appointment as the proconsular governor of Asia, replacing Gaius Julius Asper, a post which he held for two consecutive years, from AD 217 – 219. His prorogation was made at the expense of the distinguished Aufidius Fronto, whom Macrinus wanted to humiliate.
Anicius Faustus is speculated to have married either a Vesia Rustica or a Sergia Paulla, daughter of a Lucius Sergius Paullus. He probably had at least one son, Quintus Anicius Faustus Paulinus, who was a suffect consul sometime before AD 230.

</doc>
<doc id="20211014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211014" title="Bert Olmstead">
Bert Olmstead

Murray Albert Olmstead (born September 4, 1926) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who played for the Montreal Canadiens, Chicago Black Hawks and Toronto Maple Leafs in the National Hockey League (NHL). Olmstead began his career with the Black Hawks in 1949. In December 1950, he was traded to the Montreal Canadiens via Detroit. Olmstead had his best statistical years playing for Montreal, leading the league in assists in 1954–55 with 48, and setting a league record for assists with 56 the following season. Olmstead was claimed in an Intra-League Draft by Toronto Maple Leafs in 1958, and played there until his retirement in 1962. In the 1967–68 season, Olmstead served as coach of the expansion Oakland Seals. Olmstead played in the Stanley Cup final in 11 of his 14 seasons in the NHL, winning it five times. He won it four times with Montreal, in 1953, and from 1956 to 1958, and once with Toronto, in 1962, which was his last season. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1985.
Early life.
Olmstead was born in Sceptre, Saskatchewan, a small village with a population of less than 200, in southwestern Saskatchewan. In 1944, at the age of 18, he moved to Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, to play junior hockey. In his first year, Olmstead and the Moose Jaw Canucks challenged for the Memorial Cup, after finishing the playoffs with a 15–1 record. They were unsuccessful in the series against the St. Michael's Majors. Olmstead had 10 goals and eight assists in the 17 playoff games he played. He played another season in Moose Jaw, before being assigned to the Kansas City Pla-Mors of the United States Hockey League (USHL) by the Montreal Canadiens.
Playing career.
Chicago Black Hawks.
Olmstead played three full seasons for Kansas City, and part of another, later in 1950, for the Milwaukee Sea Gulls. In the 1946–47 season, Olmstead joined the Pla-Mors, finishing the season with 42 points in 60 games. In 1948–49, the Canadiens, who had originally sponsored him and owned his rights, traded him to the Chicago Black Hawks. The same season, Olmstead made his NHL debut, called up after scoring 33 goals and 44 assists, for 77 points, in 52 games with the Pla-Mors. He played nine games for the Black Hawks and collected two assists. Olmstead played the entire following season for the Black Hawks, appearing in 70 games and scoring 20 goals.
Olmstead split the 1950–51 season between four teams, playing for all but one of them. He began the season playing for the Black Hawks franchise, playing 15 games in the NHL and 12 in the USHL, for the Milwaukee Sea Gulls. On December 2, 1950, Olmstead, with Vic Stasiuk, was traded to the Detroit Red Wings, in exchange for Lee Fogolin and Steve Black. On December 19, 1950, 17 days after the trade to Detroit, he was traded again, without ever suiting up for the Red Wings, to Montreal, for Leo Gravelle. Olmstead would never leave the NHL until his retirement in 1962, playing 39 games that season on a line with Maurice Richard and Elmer Lach, scoring 38 points. Olmstead also appeared in 11 playoff games, collecting six points, as the Canadiens lost the best-of-seven Stanley Cup finals to the Toronto Maple Leafs in five games.
Montreal Canadiens.
Olmstead and the Canadiens appeared in the Stanley Cup finals again in the 1951–52 season, losing to the Detroit Red Wings; after recording 35 points in 69 regular season games, Olmstead was limited to an assist in 11 playoff games. In his third season with the Canadiens, Olmstead won the Stanley Cup for the first time. Earning 45 points in 69 games, he was named to the Second All-Star Team. On the last game of the season, Olmstead bodychecked Gordie Howe, stopping him from tying Maurice Richard's record of 50 goals in a season. Olmstead played all the 70 games in the next two seasons, scoring 52 and 58 points in the 1953–54 and 1954–55 seasons, respectively. The Canadiens lost to the Red Wings once more in the Stanley Cup finals, in both seasons. In the 1954–55 season, Olmstead led the league in assists, with 48, as Montreal lost another Stanley Cup Final to Detroit.
The 1955–56 season saw the start of Montreal's five consecutive Stanley Cup championships. In that season, Olmstead played on a line with Jean Beliveau and Bernie "Boom Boom" Geoffrion. He set a record for assists, with 56, and also scored eight points in game, recording four goals and four assists, tying Rocket Richard's record. This record would be broken in 1976 by Darryl Sittler, who scored six goals and four assists, for ten points. As well as winning the Stanley Cup, Olmstead was again named to the Second All-Star Team.
Olmstead won two more Stanley Cups in the 1956–57 and 1957–58 seasons. After the conclusion of the 1957–58 seasons, doctors informed him that he had no strength left in his knees, and that he should contemplate retirement. As a result of this prognosis, the Canadiens left Olmstead unprotected in the Intra-League Draft, and he was claimed by Billy Reay, the head coach of the Canadiens' chief rival, the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Toronto Maple Leafs.
Early in the 1958–59 season, Punch Imlach, the assistant general manager of the Leafs, fired Reay, installed himself as head coach, and appointed Olmstead as the playing assistant coach. This meant that while Imlach coached the team during games, Olmstead was in charge of the practices; however, Olmstead only lasted three months as assistant coach, resigning to devote more time to improving his play. The same season, the Leafs went on a long winning streak in order to qualify for the playoffs, but they lost to the Canadiens in the finals. After losing in the Finals the next season, and falling short of the Finals the next season, Olmstead won his fifth and final Stanley Cup in 1962, missing two months of the season with a broken shoulder, and being limited to only four out of the 12 playoff games.
Retirement.
After his fifth Stanley Cup win, with Toronto, the New York Rangers claimed Olmstead in the Intra-League Draft on June 4, 1962. This came as a surprise to Olmstead, who refused to report to the team. The Canadiens offered to acquire him from the Rangers, within a month; Olmstead demanded an immediate trade. Since no deal came, he retired at the age of 35. During his 14-year NHL career, Olmstead scored 181 goals and 421 assists, for 602 points; in the playoffs, he collected 59 points, in 115 games. In his 14 seasons, Olmstead appeared in the Stanley Cup final 11 times. He won five times, four of them with the Montreal Canadiens, and once with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
After retiring from playing, Olmstead attempted coaching. In the 1965–66 season, Olmstead coached the Vancouver Canucks, of the WHL; he finished with a 33–35–4 record, for a .486 winning percentage. In the 1967–68 season, Olmstead coached the expansion Oakland Seals, in the NHL. Olmstead did not last the full season, stepping aside after 64 games, having only won 11 games, with a .297 winning percentage.
Legacy.
Known as "Dirty Bertie" because of his physical playing style, Olmstead was a power forward, making hard hits and winning battles in the corners. He was not a very good skater, and thus he had to compromise with his bodychecking. Olmstead was not regularly involved in fights, but in the ones he participated, the majority were started with his hits.
Olmstead was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1985. Olmstead, with his wife Nora, visited the town of Okotoks on August 13, 2005, with the Stanley Cup. He had previously declined to spend a day with it, believing that it was being given to much older winners only because of the lockout. Olmstead also noted, at the end of the day, that he was happy to have the Stanley Cup again.

</doc>
<doc id="20211022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211022" title="Yeni Qızılca">
Yeni Qızılca

Yeni Qızılca is a village in the municipality of Qızılca in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20211030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211030" title="List of newspapers published by Heartland Publications">
List of newspapers published by Heartland Publications

List of newspapers published by Heartland Publications

</doc>
<doc id="20211050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211050" title="Timoleon (horse)">
Timoleon (horse)

"For the Greek statesman of this name, see" Timoleon.
Timoleon (foaled in either 1813 or 1814, depending on source*), was a good American Thoroughbred racehorse and was later an important sire.
Background.
A chestnut horse whose only marking was a small white star and standing 15 hands 3 inches high, Timoleon was bred by Benjamin Jones in Greensfield County, Virginia. He was by one of America's greatest foundation stallions and a National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame inductee, Sir Archy. Timoleon’s dam was the Saltram mare (A24) (1801) by the imported British stallion, Saltram, from the Wildair mare (1795) by Syme’s Wildair. In 1800, when Saltram was 20 years old he was imported to Virginia, then the heart of Thoroughbred breeding in the United States, by the Virginian "gentleman," William Lightfoot. Through this pedigree Timoleon combined the blood of the three Thoroughbred sirelines: Eclipse, Herod and Matchem.
Racing record.
At three, Timoleon was purchased by William Wynn of Petersburg, Virginia who seems to have regretted his purchase because Timoleon was rapidly sold on to Robert R. Johnson. Wynn then went through an immediate change of heart. Ten days after selling the horse, he offered to buy him back for a thousand dollars more than his selling price, saying he was, "...superior to any race horse that ever turned a gravel on any race course in the United States".
Timoleon was the "Pride of Virginia." But racing so long ago, the actual statistics on his career on the track are hard to trace. It seems he might have started 15 times and that he won 13 of those starts, which were over the then-usual distances of three or four miles. It also seems he might have won all fifteen if he'd been entered in better form. Four of his wins were "walk-overs." In his day if a horse like Timoleon was scheduled to compete but no horse could be found to challenge him, then he (or she) would be allowed to canter the course, winning the purse and the race. It is certain he defeated some of the best horses of his time. He defeated the two best daughters of Sir Archy: Reality and Lady Lightfoot, who were both highly regarded.
His final race took place in February 1818. He'd suffered with equine distemper (also called Strangles) a week before, was still entered, but had to be pulled up with respiratory problems, his second and last defeat.
Stud record.
Timoleon then stood briefly at stud at the farm of Johnson and Wynn's stables in North Carolina. In 1819 he was sold to Colonel David Dancy who took him first to General Hunter's plantation in Madison County Alabama and then, in 1829, to Nashville, Tennessee and one year later, to Charles City County, Virginia.
Timoleon proved to be a good sire, even if only by producing Boston who sired the outstanding sire Lexington. But he also sired:
His date of death is as uncertain as his date of birth, but was probably 1836 when he was in his 24th year.

</doc>
<doc id="20211063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211063" title="Easton Lodge railway station">
Easton Lodge railway station

Easton Lodge railway station was a station located to the west of Great Dunmow, Essex, near Easton Lodge. It closed in 1952, with the line being used for freight until it was closed in 1972.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20211066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211066" title="1975 Kansas State Wildcats football team">
1975 Kansas State Wildcats football team

The 1975 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the college football season of 1975. The team's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger, in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats. The Wildcats played their home games in KSU Stadium. 1975 saw the wildcats finish with a record of 3–8, and a dismal 0–7 record in Big 8 play.
1975 was the first time in school history that the Wildcats were shut out three times in one season; the other time was in 1980. The Wildcats were shut out by Texas A&M, Kansas, Nebraska.
Schedule.
!colspan=6| Non-conference Schedule
!colspan=6| Conference Schedule

</doc>
<doc id="20211075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211075" title="The House That Jack Built (song)">
The House That Jack Built (song)

"The House That Jack Built" is a song written by Bobby Lance and Fran Robbins and performed by Aretha Franklin. The song reached #2 on the U.S. R&B chart and #7 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1968.
The song's B-side, "I Say a Little Prayer", reached #3 on the U.S. R&B chart, #10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and #4 in the U.K. in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20211094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211094" title="MV St Faith">
MV St Faith

MV "St Faith" is a vehicle and passenger ferry operated by Wightlink on their route from Portsmouth to Fishbourne on the Isle of Wight. As with fellow Wightlink ship "St Cecilia", there are also plans to increase "St Faith"′s capacity by increasing her size to 12 metres.
The ship was built in 1990 for the Portsmouth to Fishbourne route, the route she has taken throughout her life. "St Faith" is the second youngest of Wightlink's 'St Class' ships, after "St Clare". The name is taken from St Faith's church, Cowes.
On 28 May 2010, it was reported that on arrival at Portsmouth, the ferry landed heavily with the dock injuring two passengers and causing minor damage. Following the accident the vessel was temporarily withdrawn from service and paramedics called as a precaution.

</doc>
<doc id="20211099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211099" title="Petran">
Petran

Petran is a municipality in the Përmet District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Petran, Leshnicë, Leus, Lipë, Qilarishtë, Badilonjë, Benjë-Novoselë, Delvinë, Kaludh, Lupckë, Gjinakar, Ogdunan, Lipivan-Trabozishtë, Tremisht and Bodar.

</doc>
<doc id="20211107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211107" title="Najwa Barakat">
Najwa Barakat

Najwa Barakat is a Lebanese Arab novelist.
Career.
Najwa Barakat was born (1966) in Beirut. After achieving studies in theater (Beirut Fine Arts Institute) and cinema (French cinema Institution), she moves definitely to Paris where she works as a freelance journalist in a number of Arabic newspapers and magazines, and gathered the materials for several cultural programs produced by Radio France Internationale (RFI) and the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC). She also prepared the first fifteen episodes of the cultural program broadcast at Aljaz, and authored several movie scripts as well as directing several documentaries.
Najwa Barakat has published six novels (five in Arabic and one in French), most of which were published by Dar al-Adab in Beirut. Some of them have obtained awards and were translated into foreign languages, among which “"The bus of good people"” (1996), which received the ""Prize of the best literary creation of the year"", by the Lebanese Cultural Forum, Paris, in 1997, and was translated into French in 2002, under the title: "Le bus des gens bien" - Stock Publisher (La Cosmoplite). The novel in French, "La locataire du Pot de fer" (the tenant), published by L’Harmattan Publisher in Paris, played on theater in France, ""Winner of the First Prize"" at the Amateur Theatre Festival in Amiens, France . She also translated Les Carnets de Camus I – II – III into Arabic, published by Kalima and Dar Al-Adab, Summer 2010.
In 2003, the circuit Meaddle East- Goethe Institute choose her among several Lebanese writers to represent her country in the MIDAD Project: city's teller.
In 2009, she set up ""Mohtaraf how to write a novel - for literature, theater and cinema"": a permanent workshop located in Beirut, which receives young and aspiring writers of all ages and from all Arab countries, not only in the narrative field, but also in theatrical and movie script writing. Certainly, a pioneering and innovative initiative in the Arab World.

</doc>
<doc id="20211135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211135" title="Ape and Super-Ape">
Ape and Super-Ape

Ape and Super-Ape () is a 1972 Dutch documentary film directed by Bert Haanstra. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
Overview.
The film is a study of the differences and similarities between human and animal behaviour. The first part of the movie focuses on the behaviour of various animal species. The second half is about humans. In the original Dutch version writer Anton Koolhaas, who also wrote the script, provided the voice-over.
Haanstra had already shown interest in human and animal behaviour in his previous films, like "Zoo" (1961). "Ape and Super-Ape" analyzed these similarities on a much larger scale. In preparation for this documentary Haanstra and his camera crew traveled across the world for three years. They filmed animals and people in many different continents en for scientific advice they visited the well known Dutch etnologist Gerard Baerendts.
Haanstra would later make two other documentaries about animals: "Nationale parken... noodzaak" (1978) and "Chimps onder elkaar" (1984).

</doc>
<doc id="20211151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211151" title="Mio Nishimaki">
Mio Nishimaki

Mio Nishimaki (born July 17, 1987) is a female freestyle wrestler from Japan. She won a gold medal on 2008 FILA Wrestling World Championships in category "-63 kg".

</doc>
<doc id="20211152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211152" title="Çarshovë">
Çarshovë

Çarshovë (also: "Çarçovë") is a municipality in the Përmet District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Çarshovë, Vllaho-Psilloterë, Biovizhdë, Zhepë, Draçovë, Iliar-Munushtir, Strëmbec, Pëllumbar and Kanikol.

</doc>
<doc id="20211190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211190" title="Ross MacLachlan">
Ross MacLachlan

Ross MacLachlan (b: 1957) is an accomplished pianist living in Eastern Ontario near Kingston. Specializing in ragtime, boogie and Stride-piano styles, he has delighted live-music lovers with hundreds of performances while accompanied by other talented musicians including the likes of Gary Barratt[http://www.drumsandivory.zoomshare.com/4.html], Patty Smith, Tim Roberts, Lynne Hanson, Nora Peterson and Spencer Evans.
He performed for Diana, Princess of Wales, on her visit to Kingston, Ontario in October 1991.
His music has been featured on several national radio broadcasts including the CBC Radio's The Vinyl Cafe with Stuart McLean.

</doc>
<doc id="20211192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211192" title="Heinrich Streintz">
Heinrich Streintz

Heinrich Streintz (May 7, 1848 in Vienna - November 11, 1892) was an Austrian physicist. 
Due to the frequent diseases of their son, the parents of Streintz moved to Graz. There, he visited High School which he passed with great success in 1868. Soon the mathematical abilities of Streintz were discovered, so he occupied the subjects mathematics, physics and chemistry at the University of Graz. Temporarily he studied also in Leipzig, Munich, and Zurich. In Graz he attained a doctorate in 1872, and then he studied for some time under Gustav Robert Kirchhoff and Leo Königsberger in Heidelberg. Afterwards he worked in Vienna under Josef Stefan at the Physical Institute, where he finished the habilitation and became a private lecturer in 1873. In 1875 he was appointed as an extraordinary professor for mathematical physics to Graz, where he also became an ordinary professor in 1885. One of his colleagues in Graz was Ludwig Boltzmann.
In his scientific work (both theoretically and experimentally) Streintz was concerned with Probability theory, elasticity, electricity etc.. Streintz also wrote many abstracts and reviews for the Deutsche Literaturzeitung and for Austrian High Schools. However, his most important paper was "The physical foundations of mechanics" (, 1883), where he criticized Newton's definitions of inertia, and introduced the expression "Fundamental body" () and "Fundamental Coordinate System" (), by which inertial motion should be defined more exactly. Similar considerations led shortly thereafter (1885) to the introduction of the term inertial frame of reference by Ludwig Lange.

</doc>
<doc id="20211207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211207" title="Frashër">
Frashër

Frashër is a municipality in the Përmet District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Frashër, Zavalan, Ogren-Kostrec, Gostivisht, Miçan, Vërçisht, Kreshovë and Soropull.

</doc>
<doc id="20211228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211228" title="Uncial 0164">
Uncial 0164

Uncial 0164 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 022 (Soden), is a Greek-Coptic bilingual uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 6th century (or the 7th century). 
The codex currently is housed at the Berlin State Museums (P. 9108) in Berlin. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Matthew 13:20-21, on one small parchment leaf (8 cm by 13 cm). It is written in one column per page, 8 lines per page, in uncial letters. The leaf survived in a fragmentary condition.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th or 7th century.
It was described by J. Leopoldt in 1903 along with lectionary 143.
Greek text.
The Greek text of this codex lacks word αυτον in 13:20. The text is to brief for classifying. Aland placed it in Category III (with hesitation).

</doc>
<doc id="20211245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211245" title="Malcolm X (1972 film)">
Malcolm X (1972 film)

Malcolm X, also known as Malcolm X: His Own Story as It Really Happened, is a 1972 American documentary film directed by Arnold Perl. It is based on "The Autobiography of Malcolm X". The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
Marvin Worth and Perl started working on "Malcolm X" in 1969, four years after the human rights activist's assassination. The pair initially intended for the film to be a drama, but in the end they made a documentary when some people close to Malcolm X refused to talk to them. Worth recalled in 1993, "I mostly went for the public figure, rather than the private man. I aimed for showing the evolution of the man and what he had to say. I wanted to do it with the public speeches."
Betty Shabazz, Malcolm X's widow, served as a consultant to the film-makers. She was so pleased with the resulting film, she took her six daughters—who ranged in age from six to thirteen—to see it. Afterwards, one of them asked, "Daddy was everything to you, wasn't he?"
According to the "Los Angeles Times", "Malcolm X" garnered "enthusiastic reviews". "Time" wrote:
For Warner Bros. to make a documentary about Malcolm X seems about as likely as for the D.A.R. to sponsor the Peking Ballet. That the film should come from such a source is the first surprise. The second is that it is good—a fair forum for Malcolm's fundamental ideas and an exceptional visual chronicle of how those ideas took shape.
In his review for "The New York Times", Howard Thompson described it as "a generally rounded, often fascinating movie". Thompson also wrote that the film was "surprisingly balanced".
Jay Carr wrote in "The Boston Globe" in 1993 that "Malcolm X" was "essential viewing". William Hageman wrote in the "Chicago Tribune" in 2011 that the documentary "does a better job of capturing the times" than Spike Lee's 1992 "Malcolm X".
"Malcolm X" was released on DVD in 2005 as bonus material with the two-disc special edition of Lee's film. In 2012, it was issued on Blu-ray Disc as part of the Blu-ray 20th-anniversary edition of Lee's film.

</doc>
<doc id="20211250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211250" title="Save Our Children">
Save Our Children

Save Our Children, Inc. was a political coalition formed in 1977 in Miami, Florida, U.S. to overturn a recently legislated county ordinance that banned discrimination in areas of housing, employment, and public accommodation based on sexual orientation. The coalition was publicly headed by celebrity singer Anita Bryant, who claimed the ordinance discriminated against her right to teach her children biblical morality. It was a well-organized campaign that initiated a bitter political fight between unprepared gay activists and highly motivated Christian fundamentalists. When the repeal of the ordinance went to a vote, it attracted the largest response of any special election in Dade County's history, passing by 70%.
Save Our Children was the first organized opposition to the gay rights movement, whose beginnings were traced to the Stonewall riots in 1969. The defeat of the ordinance encouraged groups in other cities to attempt to overturn similar laws. In the next year voters in St. Paul, Minnesota, Wichita, Kansas, and Eugene, Oregon overturned ordinances in those cities, sharing many of the same campaign strategies that were used in Miami. Save Our Children was also involved in Seattle, Washington, where they were unsuccessful, and heavily influenced Proposition 6—a proposed state law in California that would have made the firing of openly gay public school employees mandatory—that was rejected by California voters in 1978.
Historians have since connected the success of Save Our Children with the organization of conservative Christian participation in political processes. Although forceful Christian involvement had not taken a widespread role in politics in the United States since 1925, within two years the Reverend Jerry Falwell developed a coalition of conservative religious groups named the Moral Majority that influenced the Republican Party to incorporate a social agenda in national politics. Homosexuality, the Equal Rights Amendment (ERA), abortion, and pornography were among the issues most central to the Moral Majority's priorities until it folded in 1989. For many gay men and lesbians, the surprise at the outcome of all the campaigns in 1977 and 1978 instilled a new determination and consolidated activism and communities in many cities where the gay community had not been politically active.
Background.
On January 18, 1977, the Dade County Commission approved a law that would outlaw discrimination against homosexuals in employment, housing, and public services. Commissioner Ruth Shack proposed the bill on December 7, 1976 at the request of a gay lobbying organization, named the Dade County Coalition for the Humanistic Rights of Gays, that was less than a year old. The group was headed by three gay activists: Jack Campbell, an owner of 40 gay bathhouses across the United States, political and gay activist Bob Basker, and Bob Kunst, a local publicist and enthusiast of the Human Potential Movement and proponent of sexual liberation.
Homosexuality in Miami.
The general attitude about homosexuality in Miami mirrored many other cities' across the country. Though gay nightlife in the city had enjoyed the same boisterous existence as other forms of entertainment in the 1930s, by the 1950s, the city government worked to shut down as many gay bars as possible and enacted laws making homosexuality and cross-dressing illegal. From 1956 to 1966, the Johns Committee of the Florida Legislature actively sought to root out homosexuals in state employment and in public universities across the state, publishing the inflammatory "Purple Pamphlet," which portrayed all homosexuals as predators and a dire threat to the children of Florida. In the 1960s "The Miami Herald" ran several stories implying the life of area homosexuals as synonymous with pimps and child molesters, and the local NBC television station aired a documentary entitled "The Homosexual" in 1966 warning viewers that young boys were in danger from predatory men.
The public image of homosexuals changed with liberalized social attitudes of the late 1960s. In 1969, the Stonewall riots occurred in New York City, marking the start of the gay rights movement. Though gay life in Miami was intensely closeted, and bars were subject to frequent raids, Christ Metropolitan Community Church—a congregation for gay and lesbian Christians in Miami—was founded in 1970 as a religious outlet, attracting hundreds of parishioners. The 1972 Democratic National Convention was held in Miami, featuring, for the first time, a public speech about the rights of gay men and lesbians by openly gay San Francisco political activist Jim Foster. Jack Campbell opened the Miami branch of Club Baths in 1974. When it was raided, he made sure that all charges against those arrested were dropped, filed a lawsuit against the Miami Police Department prohibiting further harassment, and received a formal apology from the police. Even the depiction of gay men and lesbians in the local newspaper had changed to that of a silent, oppressed minority. By 1977, Miami was one of nearly 40 cities in the U.S. that had passed ordinances outlawing discrimination against gay men and lesbians.
Reaction to the ordinance.
When the news of the ordinance proposal was reported in December 1976, a small ripple of protest spread from local churches. Northwest Baptist Church announced it from the pulpit. The news worried one of the church members named Anita Bryant, who was a 36-year-old singer celebrity. Bryant began her career as a local child star on a television show in Oklahoma City and on "Arthur Godfrey's Talent Scouts". Her young life was marked by frequent moves; her parents divorced each other twice, and she often lived in poverty conditions, but she became a born again Christian at eight years old, and counted her faith and her participation at church as the stabilizing influences in her life. As a child, she asked God to make her a star. She was, by her own admission, remarkably driven and ambitious. In her older teens she became a beauty pageant contestant, winning Miss Oklahoma and second runner-up as Miss America. In 1960, she married a Miami disc jockey named Bob Green and became a professional singer, finding some success with three gold records featuring popular, patriotic, and Gospel standards. She performed with the Bob Hope Christmas tour, entertaining troops serving overseas, and sang at President Lyndon Johnson's funeral in 1973. Since 1969 she had been employed regionally by the Florida Citrus Commission endorsing Florida orange juice in television commercials. She also advertised for Coca-Cola, Tupperware, Kraft Foods and Holiday Inns. Bryant's talent agent was married to Ruth Shack; Bryant had contributed $1,000 to her campaign.
Initially Bryant kept her concerns low-key, despite her pastor's pleadings to become involved. She wrote a letter to the county commission and called Ruth Shack, expressing her concerns. Her most significant objection to the ordinance was that it would allow homosexuals to work in parochial schools; all four of Bryant's children attended a local private Christian school. She admitted she was largely ignorant of any specific dangers homosexuals presented, but when she was sent graphic images of homosexual acts, and shown photos of child pornography by a local police sergeant visiting her church, she was horrified. Bryant credited her inspiration later to her 9-year-old daughter suggesting God could assist with her cause; then she decided to take a more public role.
At the time of the commission's vote in January, the boardroom was crowded with people who held some kind of interest in the issue. Busloads of churchgoers arrived from as far away as Homestead and picketed outside; there was no corresponding organized show of support for the ordinance. Inside the boardroom, supporters and opposers took the entire allotted time to speak. Bryant reflected most of those opposing the law, telling the Dade County Commission, "The ordinance condones immorality and discriminates against my children's rights to grow up in a healthy, decent community". With the assistance of a Republican-affiliated advertising executive named Mike Thompson, the coalition eschewed subtlety. They held a press conference where Bryant held a pamphlet about homosexuality she claimed was being distributed at area high schools (a statement she later retracted), and said Dade County homosexuals "are trying to recruit our children into homosexuality". Far exceeding the required number of signatures, the coalition delivered more than 64,000 signatures within six weeks demanding a referendum vote, which the commission set for June 7, 1977.
Strategy.
Mike Thompson discovered in a poll taken in March 1977 that women in Dade County opposed repealing the measure two to one; they saw their gay friends as relatively harmless. Save Our Children's strategy, therefore, worked to prove that homosexuals were amoral, promiscuous, and defiant of traditional gender roles, and that they were a specific danger to children. Bryant took this strategy as a crusade, delivering speeches that intoned that Dade County's passing of the ordinance "guts the law on the side of the unrighteous. If homosexuals are allowed to change the law in their favor, why not prostitutes, thieves, or murderers?" She specifically connected homosexuals with child molesters, saying "Some of the stories I could tell you of child recruitment and child abuse by homosexuals would turn your stomach." Bryant resented the media depiction of her as hateful, saying that her inspiration came "out of love—not only love for God's commandment and His word, but love for my children and yours. Yes, and even love for all sinners—even homosexuals."
The Save Our Children campaign produced a local television commercial showing the "wholesome entertainment" of the Orange Bowl Parade (which Bryant hosted), contrasting that with highly sexualized images of the San Francisco Gay Freedom Day Parade, including men in leather harnesses kissing each other, dancing drag queens, and topless women. The commercial's announcer accused Miami's gay community of trying to turn Miami into the "hotbed of homosexuality" that San Francisco had become. Full-page newspaper ads were run in "The Miami Herald", showing collections of headlines announcing teachers having sex with their students, children in prostitution rings, and homosexuals involved with youth organizations, followed by the question "Are all homosexuals nice? ... There is no 'human right' to corrupt our children."
Though Miami was not the first community to overturn a sexual orientation civil rights law, the Save Our Children campaign became a national political cause. Bryant became the focus of the campaign, as noted by her husband that she was the "first person with a name" to become vocal about homosexuality; gay activists agreed, saying that other cities "haven't had a major personality come out and create a witch hunt. People have lost sight of the issue; the controversy has become personality oriented". In opposition to her, Bob Kunst, who had experience as the publicist of the local municipal soccer team, the Miami Toros, was a familiar name to the local press. Kunst, however, remained determined to act as an individual, often taking opportunities to give his views to the press that were not condoned by the Dade County Coalition on the Humanistic Rights of Gays. He took the view that it was the sexually enlightened stance to pass the ordinance, and those who opposed it were uptight, including, near the end of the campaign, Florida Governor Reubin Askew. He gave interviews addressing sexual liberation for gay and straight people, in which he freely spoke about oral and anal sex.
Outside help.
Homosexuals in Miami were not well-connected or experienced enough to combat the coalition led by Bryant, so they invited two political organizers to the city: Ethan Geto from New York and Jim Foster from San Francisco, both of whom were gay. Foster and Geto faced battles not only with the Save Our Children campaign, but the disjointed and often closeted gay community in Miami. When organizations outside of Florida promoted boycotting Florida orange juice, Jack Campbell disagreed, worried that an economic backlash in the state would work against local gay men and lesbians. Ruth Shack saw the issue simply, as one of civil rights; Geto and Foster agreed. Bob Kunst soon broke away from the campaign to promote the orange juice boycott, and his views were often printed in the newspapers to Geto's alarm.
Save Our Children also received help from outside the area. North Carolina senator Jesse Helms offered his staff and funding from the Congressional Club, and wrote in his column that he was proud of Bryant: "I have pledged my full support to her ... She is fighting for decency and morality in America—and that makes her, in my book, an all-American lady". Pastor Jerry Falwell from Lynchburg, Virginia lent his support during visits and with the appearance of B. Larry Coy, who served as a marriage counselor to Bryant and Green. Coy and Green took over management of Bryant's ministries.
Two months before the referendum vote, Bob Green, speaking for Bryant, vowed to lead her cause in all cities in the United States that protected sexual orientation from discrimination, saying that gay activists waged a "disguised attack on God", and Bryant would "lead such a crusade to stop it as this country has not seen before". As information was distributed against the referendum, as much literature was spread expressing local dissatisfaction with Bryant. T-shirts and campaign buttons were produced, showing "Anita Bryant Sucks Oranges" and "Squeeze a fruit for Anita".
Media.
According to Florida Atlantic University Communications professor Fred Fejes, mainstream newspapers and magazines in the 1970s were hesitant to cover the issues of homosexuality or Christian fundamentalism in detail. Media prided themselves on objective reporting without Biblical judgment and at the same time, reporting was a homophobic profession that suppressed openly gay reporters and rarely addressed topics involving homosexuality. As a result, during the 1970s fundamentalist Christians began to develop broadcasting over radio and television in the forms of "The 700 Club" run by Pat Robertson, "PTL Club" hosted by Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker, and Jerry Falwell's "Old Time Gospel Hour". These shows originated as praise and worship-oriented, but slowly incorporated political themes interspersed with messages of Christian faith. Bryant's appearances on the "700 Club" and the "PTL Club" netted the Save Our Children campaign $25,000 in donations, and assured her a position as a national spokesperson for traditional Christian values. However, when addressing a secular audience, Bryant was not as successful. During debates with Kunst and Shack she rarely made points that went beyond Bible quotes, and prayed when pressed to provide statistics on homosexuals as child molesters. At another appearance, she broke into "The Battle Hymn of the Republic" to take up time after she had read a pre-written statement. As California was experiencing a drought, Bryant connected it to their tolerance of liberals and homosexuals, and suggested that other morality laws should be enforced, such as those against adultery and cohabitation out of wedlock. Mike Thompson and Robert Brake soon restricted her to primarily religious shows.
At the same time, the gay community promoted their causes using specialty magazines and newspapers. "The Advocate", a bi-weekly magazine, dedicated every issue starting in April 1977 to raising awareness of the battle taking place in Miami. It was run by David Goodstein, a friend of Jim Foster's who had worked with Foster to create the first gay Democratic club in the U.S. in the Alice B. Toklas Memorial Democratic Club. Goodstein warned that the fight would not end in Miami if the gay community lost, as did the local gay-focus newspapers of Boston's "Gay Community News" and San Francisco's "Bay Area Reporter". Goodstein also suggested Bryant's primary motivation in her actions was furthering her career, or the beginning of "an organized conspiracy to turn (gays) into America's scapegoats".
Bryant's star power and her extreme views were highlighted in national news stories. Mainstream news outlets such as "The New York Times", Associated Press and "Washington Post" reported weekly updates on campaign progress, with smaller local newspapers across the country weighing in their editorial opinions on which side should prevail. Bryant appeared on "Good Morning America" and"The Phil Donahue Show". Her tone and accusations united gay men and lesbians in cities all over the U.S. In the weeks before the vote, almost $55,000 was raised outside of Florida to oppose Save Our Children. Foreshadowing the effectiveness of the Save Our Children campaign, on April 13, 1977, the Florida Legislature voted not to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment (ERA), to the astonishment of those anticipating the vote. The connection between the ERA and ordinance 77-4 was obvious to many. Florida Senator Dempsey Barren vocally opposed passing the ERA, fearing it would legalize same-sex marriages, force people to use unisex bathrooms, and that it would harm laws meant to protect families. National Organization for Women founder and ERA proponent Betty Friedan expressed her disdain, saying "suddenly you have this red herring in Anita Bryant. Suddenly you have this wave of anti-gay hysteria and then that was preempting the air waves behind the scenes".
Washington D.C. mayor Marion Barry, Los Angeles mayor Tom Bradley, President Jimmy Carter all expressed support for the ordinance. In "The Miami Herald", 51 members of Dutch Parliament, ministers, and civil rights advocates from the Netherlands ran a full-page ad stating "We, from the land of Anne Frank, know where prejudices and discrimination can lead to", advising the voters of Miami-Dade to uphold the ordinance to protect the rights of homosexuals. California Assemblyman Willie Brown and San Francisco sheriff Richard Hongisto campaigned respectively for Miami's black community and law enforcement. Hongisto returned to California saying that Save Our Children made an issue of the existence of San Francisco when Thompson referred to the city as "a cesspool of perversion gone rampant" and Bob Green expressed doubt that saving San Francisco was possible. Reverend Jerry Falwell spoke at a rally as the vote neared, telling the audience, "I want to tell you we are dealing with a vile and vicious and vulgar gang. They'd kill you as quick as look at you."
Community attitudes.
Foster and Geto set the public tone of the campaign battling Save Our Children and were determined not to "get down in the gutter with them", refusing to run an ad showing Bryant in a revealing outfit she had worn while performing in 1971, nor run commercials to point out that child molesters were primarily heterosexual. However, they also encountered difficulty when local newspapers refused to run ads that were designed to appeal to Miami's sizable Jewish community, equating Bryant's rhetoric with the same language that many Miami citizens faced during the Holocaust. Twenty-eight of Miami's thirty-four rabbis agreed with Bryant and her campaign–the president of the Miami Beach B'nai B'rith served as an officer of the Save Our Children coalition.
Miami's Cuban community came together as never before for the campaign, taking the opportunity to register thousands of voters who had never taken part in politics in the city. Bryant actively campaigned to the Cuban community, telling them at a rally, "You came here to get away from one sin ... and it breaks my heart that if Miami becomes another Sodom and Gomorrah you may have to leave here, too." A Cuban social worker suggested the cause was representative of an older generation of Cuban emigres, worried that their children were being lost in the depravity of Miami. Miami's archbishop wrote a letter against the gay rights ordinance, and ordered it to be read aloud in all Catholic churches.
The response from Miami's black community was more conflicted. "The Miami Times", a widely respected black newspaper, called Bryant's tactics "pure bullshit" and urged local blacks not to vote for anything that would discriminate against anyone. However, black audiences reacted angrily during an appearance featuring Bryant and another with Kunst and white ministers from the Metropolitan Community Church.
Due to the intensely closeted nature of Miami's gay community at that time, many voters who were not swayed by Bryant's rhetoric were persuaded instead by her campaign's point that the law was unnecessary; they were unable to see the problem of discrimination. Unlike blacks or Cubans, gay men and lesbians were able to find jobs, although they faced dismissal upon their supervisors learning of their sexual orientation. In order to see a complaint through, they would have to remain out, and many lived in constant fear of exposure. Since the advent of second wave feminism earlier in the decade, many lesbians in the U.S. were unable to see themselves as part of the same community with gay men. Accusations from Save Our Children were almost all directed at the behavior of men. As a result, much of the response by gay men was angry and many lesbians took issue with the misogynistic tone gay men used. However, with Bryant representing a common adversary, for the first time in years, gay men and lesbians united to work together on the campaign.
Election results.
The vote results in a special June election were overwhelming. It was the largest turnout in any special election in the history of Dade County. Voters supported repealing the gay rights ordinance by a margin of more than two to one. Bryant danced a jig when the response was announced, and told reporters "All America and all the world will hear what the people have said, and with God's continued help, we will prevail in our fight to repeal similar laws throughout the nation which attempt to legitimize a life style that is both perverse and dangerous". National Gay Task Force (NGTF) co-director Jean O'Leary said that the result was "all the evidence anyone could need of the extent and virulence of prejudice against lesbians and gay men in our society".
Response.
In New York City, Bella Abzug—who had introduced the first gay civil rights bill in U.S. Congress in 1974,was awoken at 2 am by people in the street chanting her name. "It was hard not to feel sad for this crowd", Abzug said of the several hundred people below her window. She was optimistic, telling them the defeat would develop a maturity and determination in gay activism. About the same time that evening, about 3,000 gay men and lesbians spontaneously gathered in what had become the largest gay neighborhood in the United States—Castro Street in San Francisco—furious at the loss in Dade County. The crowd marched around the Castro District, chanting "We Are Your Children!" pulling people out of gay bars to cheers. Local gay activist and future supervisor Harvey Milk led marchers through a course through the city, careful not to stop for too long lest rioting began. He addressed the crowd with a bullhorn: "This is the power of the gay community. Anita's going to create a national gay force". The day after the vote, Jean O'Leary and NGTF co-director Bruce Voeller said Bryant was doing "an enormous favor" for the gay community by focusing national media attention on discrimination against them.
Several weeks later at the San Francisco Gay Freedom Day Parade, 250,000 people attended, becoming the largest attendance at any gay event in U.S. history to that point. The largest group of the parade held large placards of Joseph Stalin, Adolf Hitler, Idi Amin, a burning cross, and Anita Bryant. Other cities also saw greater participation in Gay Pride events. People marching in New York's Gay Pride observance shouted "No more Miamis". Thousands of people attended events in Seattle, Boston, Cleveland, and Atlanta. Kansas City observed its first Gay Pride demonstration with 30 people. The largest gay newspaper in Australia used the Dade County vote as a warning advising gay men and lesbians there to "Get off Your Butts". More than 300 people held a vigil at the American embassy in the Netherlands, accusing the U.S. government of failing to protect their citizens' human rights. Four thousand marchers in Spain were dispersed by rubber bullets. Gay activists in Paris and London also warned that similar challenges could occur in their cities.
In "The New York Times", conservative columnist William Safire wrote that Miami's gay activists had been justifiably defeated: "In the eyes of the vast majority, homosexuality is an abnormality, a mental illness, even—to use an old-fashioned word—a sin. Homosexuality is not the 'alternative lifestyle' the gay activists profess; it may be tolerable, even acceptable—but not approvable." Safire, however, tempered the column (titled "Now Ease Up, Anita") cautioning against Bryant's promised nationwide crusade designed to lead to further repeal of homosexuals' "legitimate civil rights".
A Connecticut-based charity for unprivileged children named Save the Children filed an injunction in July 1977 against the Miami coalition to prevent them from using the name, and Bryant from using it as a title for a book she was writing; Save the Children lost donations due to the confusion between the names. Briefly, the coalition was known as "Protect the Children" and focused completely on moral legislation against militant homosexuality, pornography, and images of sex and violence on television. It was renamed to Anita Bryant Ministries.
Violence.
Two weeks after the Dade County vote, a gardener who worked for the City of San Francisco named Robert Hillsborough was stabbed 15 times in his face and chest while his attackers chanted "Faggot" at him. Hillsborough's mother and San Francisco mayor George Moscone blamed Bryant's rhetoric for his death and 200,000 San Francisco residents joined a memorial demonstration for him. Mrs. Hillsborough brought a $5 million civil suit against Anita Bryant claiming Hillsborough's attackers said "Here's one for Anita". She said, "I didn't think much about Anita Bryant's campaign at first. Now that my son's murder has happened, I think about the Bryant campaign a lot. Anyone who wants to carry on this kind of thing must be sick. My son's blood is on her hands." Bryant, Green, Mike Thompson and Save Our Children were dismissed from the suit in November 1977.
Several suicides were connected to the campaign, including a Cuban gay activist in Miami named Ovidio "Herbie" Ramos, who was stunned at the vehemence against homosexuals. He and several other Cuban gay activists participated in a radio call-in show to hear people say homosexuals should be deported, forced into concentration camps, or executed. Ramos shot himself a few days later after telling a friend, "I didn't know they hated us so much". Another Cuban gay activist named Manolo Gomez was fired from his job and severely beaten, after which he decided to leave Miami. Gay activists in New Orleans tried to discourage Bryant's performance with the New Orleans Pops orchestra by connecting local suicides to her campaign. Bryant responded to violence saying, "It made me sad and shocked me that anyone would think I had anything to do with it, but my conscience is clear. I can't be responsible for how people react to what happened in Dade County. My stand was not taken out of homophobia, but of love for them."
Economic retaliation.
The economic response to the vote was swift and decisive. Bryant worked only twice during 1977, and lost most of her paid appearances after that. She had recently finished an album named "There's Nothing Like the Love Between a Man and a Woman"; record companies chose to not distribute it. Singer Sewing Machines canceled negotiations for a television variety show. She was replaced after ten years of hosting the Orange Bowl Parade by Rita Moreno, who was older and who had recently performed in a gay-themed film, "The Ritz". Bryant and Green held a press conference and claimed Bryant was being blacklisted; a national conspiracy was underway by the nation's homosexuals to deprive her of her livelihood. "Time" magazine called the charge "unlikely", and network executives denied gay pressure was behind their decision. Bryant's claim of being blacklisted brought a tide of condemnation against the perceived pressure by gay organizations. Three major newspapers supported Bryant's right to free speech. Years later, she admitted that some of the statements made about her cancellations were exaggerated for effect, but that the tactic worked against her, as more organizations and companies canceled her performances.
Bryant became the butt of jokes on television shows and film, even by former colleague Bob Hope. Everywhere she went in the days after the vote she was met with noisy protests: Norfolk, Virginia—where demonstrators interrupted her presentation so forcefully she began crying—Chicago, and dozens of other cities. The Ku Klux Klan appeared at one of Bryant's appearances in Huntington, West Virginia claiming they were there to protect her. She attracted the largest gay demonstration in Canadian history when she appeared at a Toronto religious performance. Though she performed and spoke only at revivals and other religious shows, audiences were often less than half the expected number, and many would leave when she came on stage. In Houston Bryant was invited to perform for the Texas State Bar Association two weeks after the Dade County vote. With no cohesive political community, a few gay organizers invited people to protest her appearance at the Hyatt Regency. An organizer estimated for police that 500 people might participate, but guessed because no gay community had responded to a cause before; police prepared for that number. However, thousands of people swarmed around the hotel chanting loudly enough to drown Bryant's performance; a conservative estimate of the participants' numbers was 2,000. The audience inside could not hear Bryant, and at one point attorneys working with the American Civil Liberties Union walked out and joined the protesters. One of the organizers said that he had never seen so many gay people in one place before, and then made a speech thanking Bryant: "If God in his infinite wisdom had not created Anita Bryant, we would have had to invent her". He claimed the protest had the same result in Houston as the Stonewall riots.
The Florida Citrus Commission reiterated its commitment to Bryant by stating that it "wholeheartedly support(ed)" her right to free speech, praising her "courageous leadership on a moral issue that it is tearing up religious and other organizations which have become involved". The commission received thousands of letters both supporting Bryant's stance and condemning the commission; at one point the U.S. Postal Service installed bomb detection equipment for the mail collected for delivery to the Florida Citrus Commission. The publicity director for the Florida Department of Citrus told a reporter from the Associated Press, "The whole Anita thing is a mess. No matter what we decide, we're only going to lose. I wish she would just resign." Although in 1979 the commission extended their $100,000 annual contract with Bryant, they did not renew it in 1980.
Other locations.
In the weeks after the Dade County vote, Fort Lauderdale, Gainesville, and Palm Beach, Florida, and Austin, Texas, all rejected ordinances to outlaw discrimination based on sexual orientation. The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development overturned its own rules they had set earlier in the year to allow unmarried and same-sex couples federally financed housing. "Newsweek" reported that a county government employee who had worked in her position for 15 years had been fired. An openly gay aide to future U.S. senator Paula Hawkins had also been dismissed. Despite the success of the Dade County campaign, activists worked quietly in liberal towns of Aspen, Colorado, Champaign-Urbana, Illinois, Iowa City, Iowa, Wichita, Kansas, and the very liberal Eugene, Oregon to pass gay rights ordinances.
Minneapolis–St. Paul.
Only three weeks before the voter referendum in Dade County, a state gay rights law to protect homosexuals from discrimination in employment, public services, and housing in Minnesota was defeated. The loss was due in large part to the efforts of the Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis, and once more, caught gay activists completely by surprise. The Twin Cities' gay community was much more active than Miami's; both Minneapolis and St. Paul had passed gay rights laws three years before. State senator Allan Spear—the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in the U.S.—served in St. Paul. Spear called it a "victory for bigots" on the senate floor, then went into his office and cried. A group of guerrilla activists struck Archbishop John Roach a week after the vote by throwing a chocolate cream pie at him as he spoke to receive the National Brotherhood Award from the National Conference of Christians and Jews.
Following the pie attack on the archbishop, two of Allan Spear's colleagues invited Anita Bryant to come to St. Paul to overturn their three-year-old gay rights ordinance, and announced Save Our Children would be opening a branch there. Local activists did not think much of their chances; a local gay political group invited gays and lesbians in Miami to live in Minneapolis—St. Paul. In an act representing Bryant's diminished national public profile, in October 1977 Bryant and her husband were in Des Moines, Iowa, discussing an upcoming concert at a press conference when Thom Higgins, an activist affiliated with organizers in Minneapolis, walked up to her in front of cameras and mashed a strawberry rhubarb pie in her face. Bryant was stunned and bowed her head as she and Green held hands and prayed for Higgins. Though she quickly quipped "At least it's a fruit pie," she was sobbing within moments. An image of her covered with the pastry appeared on the front page of "The New York Times" the next day.
In December 1977, however, a petition drive was organized by Temple Baptist Church to put St. Paul's ordinance to a city-wide vote. Volunteers endured below freezing temperatures to collect more than 7,000 signatures; their leader, Richard Angwin, pastor of Temple Baptist reasoned, "I don't want to live in a community that gives respect to homosexuals." Angwin used the same strategy as the Miami campaign, tapping the resources of Bryant, Green, and their pastor in Miami. Jerry Falwell held a rally where Bryant was advertised to appear, but Green replaced her at the last minute. At the rally Angwin told the audience "Homosexuality is a murderous, horrendous, twisted act. It is a sin and a powerful, addictive lust."
Gay activists in St. Paul also borrowed from Miami, taking Jack Campbell's donor list and some strategies. However, similar to Miami, many gays and lesbians in St. Paul were hesitant to come out and could not make a solid case for discrimination; most of the activists were from Minneapolis. Gay activists were also split in strategy, much like in Miami. A more mainstream group named the St. Paul Citizens for Human Rights (SPCHR) opted to treat the issue as one of civil and human rights. A more radical group of gays named the Target City Coalition—those who had arranged the pieing of the archbishop—saw the issue as one of sexual liberation and grabbed the most media attention by highlighting some of the more flamboyant parts of the gay community. "The Advocate" wrote that they were "the most stoned-out, off-the-wall, bona-fide crackpots yet to appear in the gay rights cause." The Target City Coalition invited Bob Kunst to St. Paul, where he spoke of sexual liberation and the need to reach out to gay youth. Allan Spear, supportive ministers, and other members of SPCHR went on local television to debate the civil rights issue. Reverend Angwin stumped Spear and his cohorts by showing them an advertisement placed by the Target City Coalition in a local gay paper appealing to gay teenagers, that offered them "free prostate rubs."
St. Paul's special election day was April 25, 1978. Again, more than the usual number of voters appeared for a special election, who again, overturned the city's gay rights ordinance by more than two to one.
Eugene, Oregon.
The ordinance that had recently passed in Eugene was met with a different strategy of opposition. Eugene was a college town so liberal the Grateful Dead spent their summers there. A housewife named Lynne Greene rejected the Biblical rhetoric offered by Bryant and instead argued that since gays already had the protection they needed under the law further legislation was unnecessary. Since homosexuality was a chosen lifestyle, they reasoned, homosexuals were not a minority and needed no protection. Acknowledging the rights of gays would lead the law to give them rights to marry, and adopt children. Though gay rights advocates worked differently in Eugene, registering many new voters and seeing lesbians significantly working the campaign for the first time, their opposition worked steadily by canvassing neighborhoods. Most of their volunteers were members of conservative churches, and the message was similar to recent campaigns: "Keep it straight. Our children come first," but the Eugene campaign lacked the sensational aspect as those in Miami and St. Paul.
Once more in nearly a two to one margin, the gay rights ordinance was defeated in Eugene. A poll taken after the vote showed that liberal voters who were not gay simply declined to show up and vote, and those who opposed the ordinance were much more motivated.
Wichita, Kansas.
Anita Bryant lent her support to the effort in Wichita, which was led by a minister named Ron Adrian. They used a similar strategy, printing a full-page ad in "The Wichita Eagle" with newspaper clippings connecting gays to child molestation. They raised approximately $50,000 and used the network of churches, local media, and a highly organized grassroots voter registration and mobilization drive. Campaign literature focused on the aspect gay visibility, and the dangers of gays as role models for children: "There is a real danger that homosexual teachers, social workers or counselors, simply by public acknowledgment of their lifestyles, can encourage sexual deviation in children." In comparison, the very small and closeted gay community raised only $6,000; the National Gay Task Force was so pessimistic they offered no assistance at all. Bryant attended a rally stating the law would give homosexuals "special rights ... and next you will have thieves, prostitutes and people who have relations with St. Bernards asking for the same rights". The Wichita ordinance was defeated by a five to one margin leaving Ron Adrian ecstatic.
Seattle, Washington.
Seattle in 1977 was a liberal city that had passed a gay rights ordinance in 1973, and whose mayor had just declared a Gay Pride Week for June. When a police officer named David Estes learned of the mayor's gesture, he decided to take action. Estes was a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and regarded gay men as "mentally disturbed" according to his religious opinion. Estes designed a ballot measure named Initiative Thirteen that would overturn the existing gay rights ordinance, but also allowed the mere accusation of homosexuality to be the basis for dismissal from a job or eviction from a residence. Also included in the proposed law was the prospect of shifting the responsibility of enforcing Initiative Thirteen to a city department already overtaxed with investigating claims of bias against blacks and women.
Estes' organization attracted a $3,000 donation from Anita Bryant, and her pastor traveled to Seattle to give advice on Estes' campaign. However, where Estes planned to use the network of conservative churches in the city, many members were discouraged from working with him because he was a Mormon. The tone of the advertising for the campaign was more dire than in Miami; ads claimed homosexuals were responsible for half the murders and suicides in major cities and half the cases of syphilis. Perhaps the most significant factor of the campaign was Estes' co-chair, a police officer named Dennis Falk. Two months before election day, Falk shot and killed a suspect who turned out to be a black, mentally retarded, young boy. The black community was furious with Falk, and transferred their anger to Initiative Thirteen.
The tone of the Seattle campaign against Initiative Thirteen was different from those in Miami and St. Paul; it focused consistently on privacy and civil rights. Instead of educating the public about different subcultures in the gay community, they printed effective posters showing an eye peeping through a keyhole and a family living in a fishbowl. High-profile liberal figures, labor unions, and other large organizations including the Church Council of Greater Seattle opposed Initiative Thirteen. David Estes did not have the enthusiasm and momentum modeled by Bryant and other communities though his campaign used many of their tactics. On election day, Initiative Thirteen was rejected by 63%.
California.
A day after the Dade County repeal, State Assemblyman Art Agnos, who represented portions of San Francisco with a very high population of gays and lesbians, decided not to submit a gay civil rights bill to the state legislature, reasoning that it no longer had any support. California state senator John Briggs, from Fullerton was in the crowd with Anita Bryant the night she and Save Our Children won the Dade County vote. Greatly impressed by the voter turnout, Briggs had designs to win the race for governor of California for 1978. When he returned from Miami, since there was no gay rights law to overturn, he proposed a law to forbid employing openly gay public school teachers and other workers. The bill, Proposition 6—nicknamed the Briggs Initiative—was written so broadly that it also allowed the dismissal of any public school employee for supporting gay rights including voting against Proposition 6, regardless of their sexual orientation. He stated, "What I am after is to remove those homosexual teachers who through word, thought or deed want to be a public homosexual, to entice young impressionable children into their lifestyle". Briggs announced the proposition on the steps of San Francisco City Hall, after notifying several local gay organizations of his intentions. The city had experienced an influx of so many gay people in the past ten years that they counted as a quarter of its voting population.
Gay activists, newly alarmed at the threat to their rights, confronted vice president Walter Mondale at a political rally in San Francisco two weeks after the announcement of Proposition 6. Mondale ran with Jimmy Carter in 1976 on a platform highlighting human rights as their first priority, and he was there to address the subject pertaining to Latin America. When gay activists interrupted him and demanded he address their issues, he quickly left without a response, and San Francisco Democratic organizers and liberal politicians were furious at the gay activists.
Briggs named his organization California Defend Our Children (CDOC) to avoid legal problems with the Connecticut charity, and used the same strategies as Save Our Children: collages of newspaper headlines about child molesters, and because a proposition was on the ballot regarding the death penalty in California, CDOC campaign literature urged voters to "act now to help protect your family from vicious killers and defend your children from homosexual teachers". Briggs placed minister Lou Sheldon in charge of CDOC.
A significant difference between the community components in Miami and California was that both Los Angeles and San Francisco had very active and visible gay communities. Founder of Metropolitan Community Church Reverend Troy Perry, who began his career as a charismatic preacher in the Church of God of Prophecy but was rejected for being gay, went on a 16-day fast to raise $100,000 and succeeded. Hollywood stars Bette Midler, Lily Tomlin, and Richard Pryor came out in force for the cause, raising another $100,000. In January 1978 Harvey Milk took office as a supervisor of San Francisco, and the first openly gay man to be elected to office in California. Briggs campaigned for the measure throughout the state, and held a series of public and televised debates with Milk who was very well received by the media, quick to quip and give print-friendly comments. He often made the front page in newspapers in San Francisco with the outrageous things he said. Milk spoke to 350,000 participants of 1978's San Francisco Gay Freedom Day; similar numbers were seen in Los Angeles.
The strategies of gay activists were once again split. David Goodstein and other professional gay men paid an advertising agency to outline their message, which focused on the threat to privacy and the rights of teachers. In "The Advocate", Goodstein urged gays not to live up to stereotypes and let the professionals try to win. However, grassroots efforts by longtime activists such as Morris Kight, who went on a walk across the state to promote voting down the Briggs Initiative, were also effective. Women were highly visible in the campaign, raising about the same amount of money as men. However, when California law was revealed to state that anyone who gave more than $50 to the campaign would have to release his or her name, most of the donations came in at $49, including one by Rock Hudson.
Due to the broad nature of the law, as it would have allowed the firing of public school employees for the way they voted or spoke their opinions in favor of gay rights, conservative Republican politicians spoke out against it. Primarily, former governor Ronald Reagan voiced his opinion, saying "Prop. 6 is not needed to protect our children. We have that legal protection now. It could be very costly to implement and has the potential for causing undue harm to people." Reagan's statement turned public opinion against the proposition almost overnight. Gay activists were not optimistic in light of the record of voter turnout against them in the previous year, but they were overwhelmed to learn that on election day more than a million voters turned out to strike down the proposition.
Effects on Bryant.
The members of the gay community were not the only people adversely affected by the Save Our Children campaign. Bryant and Bob Green were divorced in May 1979, in a dispute made public through newspapers. Bryant moved to Alabama and gave a candid interview to "Ladies Home Journal" in 1980 where she told the details of her marriage during the campaign. She claimed she had been "married for the wrong reasons" and that she and Green had fought regularly, often considering divorce. Green became her manager and she claimed exhaustion due to being booked for every event available, making $700,000 ($ in today's dollars) in 1976. She had checked herself into a Christian psychiatric facility in 1973, and regularly saw psychiatrists and marriage counselors. Her anxiety manifested itself in chest pains, tremors, difficulty swallowing food, and a bout with 24-hour paralysis during a trip to Israel with the Falwell family. Bryant revealed she had received severe criticism from Christians following her divorce. One Canadian pastor expressed doubt to her that she had "ever met the Lord", to her humiliation. As a result of the backlash she received from Christians, Bryant had softened her stances on gay rights: "The church needs to be more loving, unconditionally, and willing to see these people as human beings, to minister to them and try to understand. If I had it to do over, I'd do it again, but not in the same way," and feminism: "The church needs to wake up and find some way to cope with divorce and women's problems that are based on Biblical principles. I believe in the long run God will vindicate me. I've about given up on the fundamentalists, who have become so legalistic and letter-bound to the Bible."
Bryant's career did not recover. She attempted to stage comebacks in Eureka Springs, Arkansas in 1992, Branson, Missouri in 1994 ("People who come to my performances are hungry for the truth. They thank me for reminding them of the importance of God and country."), and Pigeon Forge, Tennessee in 1997. However, at each venue her audiences dwindled and investors were non-existent. By 2002, Bryant and her second husband Charlie Dry had claimed bankruptcy in three states. As of 2006 Bryant was living in Oklahoma City.
In 2007 Bob Green counted the campaign and its aftermath as factors in strengthening his faith. The breakdown of the marriage he attributed on the pressures put on Bryant, and blamed gays and lesbians for his emotional devastation after the divorce: "Their goal was to put (Bryant) out of business and destroy her career. And that's what they did. It's unfair." However, Green said he would not have done it again if he had to: "It just wasn't worth it... The trauma, the battling we all got caught up in. I don't want to ever go back to that."
Significance.
Moral Majority.
The Save Our Children campaign was an intensely focused effort by conservative forces, many of whom received inspiration from previous controversies in the 1970s. Not since the Scopes Trial about the legality of teaching evolution in public schools in 1925 had religious organizations made earnest attempts to influence politics on such a wide scale. Fred Fejes credits the Save Our Children campaign as a significant factor in the rise of conservative Christian activism, noting "This was the beginning of the culture wars". Ruth Shack points to the connection between the rise of the New Right and the Save Our Children campaign: "Back in 1977, there was no organized religious right per se. Anita Bryant was a pioneer."
In the late 1970s the Reverend Jerry Falwell moved from presiding over the megachurch Thomas Road Baptist Church in Lynchburg, Virginia and hosting the "Old Time Gospel Hour", to being involved in politics. Falwell took credit for defeating the Dade County gay rights ordinance and the failure of the ERA in Florida. He developed a campaign called Clean Up America in 1977 that was a fundraising vehicle for his television show. Falwell sent letters asking for donations, which included questionnaires asking “Do you approve of known practicing homosexuals teaching in public schools?” that he promised would be sent to politicians; he distributed information about how to put together political groups to influence elections and lawmakers. In 1979 Falwell spearheaded a coalition of religious groups that included Catholics, fundamentalist Protestants, Mormons, and Orthodox Jews that he called the Moral Majority, which developed a branch dedicated to political action. Falwell declared in 1965 that he had no business in politics, but justified his involvement and the inevitable mix of religion and government with evidence that the social problems of abortion, pornography, sexual immorality, and drugs were bringing the United States to a dangerous precipice where communism would prevail over Christianity.
Falwell claimed that the grassroots efforts of the Moral Majority—registering millions of voters, informing the public, and using the media—had been a significant factor in the election of President Ronald Reagan. By 1982 they had a budget of $1 million and millions of volunteers. Around the same time, gay men were being stricken with AIDS, desperate for money for research and services. Spokesmen for the Moral Majority connected it to God's will, asserting the general public needed protection from "the gay plague", and warned, "If homosexuals are not stopped they will infect the entire nation and America will be destroyed."
Gay activism.
Just as the Save Our Children campaign was a motivational force for conservative Christians, it was also one for gay and lesbian politics. Fejes writes, "While the Stonewall riots of 1969 may have marked the beginning of the modern lesbian and gay movement, the campaigns of 1977 and 1978 marked the emergence of a national politically self-conscious lesbian and gay community". The birth of a political life for gays and lesbians gave opportunities for national networking as Anita Bryant and those who followed her acted as a virtual lightning rod, attracting a collective anger. Thirty years after the campaign, the Stonewall Library & Archives sponsored an exhibition of the events surrounding the Save Our Children campaign and displayed it at the Broward County Public Library. According to the curator of the exhibit, Bryant is considered "the best thing to happen to the gay rights movement. She and her cohorts were so over the top that it just completely galvanized the gay rights movement".
San Francisco author Armistead Maupin was writing his installments of individual stories in a column for the "San Francisco Chronicle" titled "Tales of the City" in 1977. He remembered, "I know what the battle did for me: It forced me to confront my own residual self-loathing and stare it down once and for all by coming out." Maupin used the next installment of "Tales" to have one of his gay characters come out to his parents who, by remarkable coincidence, Maupin had previously established as Florida citrus growers.
Political activism in American gay communities was transformed by the arrival of AIDS in the early 1980s. When gay men tried in several desperate measures to follow established political channels to bring attention to a disease that afflicted the most cast out members of society only to meet silence from the government, some used direct action tactics. AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power (ACT UP), formed by Larry Kramer in 1987 was a response not only to government forces that downplayed or ignored the seriousness of AIDS in the United States, but also to a timid gay community who were not militant enough. Their first act was to march on the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in New York City to protest the FDA for delaying the release of experimental drugs to treat HIV. They blocked rush hour traffic, had 17 protesters arrested, and appeared on the evening news. ACT UP inspired the establishment of direct action groups Queer Nation, and the Lesbian Avengers, that concentrated on gay and lesbian rights and protection.

</doc>
<doc id="20211259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211259" title="Qendër Piskovë">
Qendër Piskovë

Qendër Piskovë is a municipality in the Përmet District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Piskovë, Bual, Kosinë, Rapckë, Mokricë-Zleushë, Kutal, Kosovë, Hotovë, Odriçan, Raban, Alipostivan, Borockë, Gosnisht, Pagri, Pacomit, Grabovë and Argovë.

</doc>
<doc id="20211302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211302" title="Sukë">
Sukë

Sukë is a municipality in the Përmet District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Sukë, Goricë, Fshat i Ri, Rodenjë, Podgoran, Podgoran Fushë, Ujmirë, Zhepovë, Shelq, Topojan, Luar, Delilaj, Çorogunj and Taroninë.

</doc>
<doc id="20211308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211308" title="IBM Shoebox">
IBM Shoebox

The IBM shoebox was a 1961 IBM computer that was able to perform mathematical functions and perform speech recognition. It recognized 16 spoken words and the digits 0 through 9.
History.
It was displayed at the IBM Pavilion during the 1962 Seattle World's Fair.
It was approximately the size and shape of a standard American shoebox. It had a display of ten small lamp lights labeled with the digits 0 through 9 and an attached microphone. Speaking the name of the digit into the microphone would cause the appropriate digit lamp to light.
Inside the box was a power supply, three analog audio filters and some (presumably) Diode-Resistor-Logic circuitry. The clever part of the design was in noticing that each digit name “Zero”, “One”, Two” … “Nine” had a front, middle, and ending sound. (Sometimes no middle). And that each sound was high pitched, middle pitched or low pitched. Example: “Five” is High-Middle-High. “Zero” is High-Middle-Low. The microphone was connected to the three audio filters for high, middle, and low pass. The filters latched the logic based decoder and switched one of the ten lamps.

</doc>
<doc id="20211316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211316" title="Handball at the 1990 Asian Games">
Handball at the 1990 Asian Games

The Handball events at the 1990 Asian Games were held in Beijing, China between September 26 and October 5, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20211317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211317" title="Ballaban">
Ballaban

Ballaban is a municipality in the Përmet District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Ballaban, Vinokash, Vinokash Fushë, Komarak, Mazhar, Kondas, Psar, Ball, Kajcë, Pavar, Toshkëz, Bubës 1, Bubës 2 and Beqaraj.

</doc>
<doc id="20211332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211332" title="Malcolm X (disambiguation)">
Malcolm X (disambiguation)

Malcolm X (1925–1965) was an African American Muslim minister, public speaker, and human rights activist.
Malcolm X may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20211336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211336" title="Killcohook National Wildlife Refuge">
Killcohook National Wildlife Refuge

Killcohook National Wildlife Refuge (founded as Killcohook Migratory Bird Refuge) was a National Wildlife Refuge located on the east bank of the Delaware River adjacent to the current Supawna Meadows National Wildlife Refuge. It had originally been established in 1934 as a secondary sludge disposal site for use by the Army Corps of Engineers. Its status as a refuge was revoked in 1998 by the U.S. Congress and it is currently used as a confined disposal facility by the U.S. Corps of Engineers.
Geography.
The former refuge is part of New Castle County, Delaware. As outlined by the Twelve-Mile Circle, a colonial era agreement, Killcohook is one of two places in Delaware that shares a land border with New Jersey, called Finn's Point. Since the border was originally defined as being along the low water mark on the New Jersey shore of the river, reclaimed land on which the refuge lies falls within Delaware territory.
The former wildlife refuge is north of the Fort Mott State Park and south of Pennsville, New Jersey. Across the Delaware River are Ommelanden Range near Bear, Delaware and Delaware City. Fort Delaware State Park on Pea Patch Island lies between the two shores.
Wildlife.
Killcohook NWR consisted primarily of marshland, with emphasis on breeding of migratory waterfowl. Species singled out for protection in Killcohook include the American Black Duck.

</doc>
<doc id="20211346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211346" title="Gymnopilus viridans">
Gymnopilus viridans

Gymnopilus viridans is a rarely documented mushroom. It contains the hallucinogens psilocybin and psilocin. The last known collection is from Washington, United States (1912).
Habitat and formation.
"Gymnopilus viridans" is found growing cespitose on coniferous wood from June to November.

</doc>
<doc id="20211347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211347" title="Uncial 0165">
Uncial 0165

Uncial 0165 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 5th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Acts of the Apostles 3:24-4:13,17-20, on one parchment leaf (19 cm by 16.5 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 32 lines per page, 18-19 letters per line, in very small uncial letters. It has some breathings and accents.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed with some the Western text-type element. It occasional agrees with Codex Bezae (e.g. επαυριον in 4:3). Aland placed it in Category III.
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by C. R. Gregory in 1909.
The codex currently is housed at the Berlin State Museums (P. 13271) in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20211348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211348" title="Roberto Schaefer">
Roberto Schaefer

Roberto Schaefer, A.S.C. (born in White Plains, New York) is a BAFTA nominated American cinematographer.
Career.
Schaefer served as cinematographer for all eight of director Marc Forster's feature films. The cinematographer was nominated a BAFTA Film Award for his cinematography in "Finding Neverland" (2004).

</doc>
<doc id="20211350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211350" title="Heartland Publications">
Heartland Publications

Heartland Publications is a Connecticut-based owner of small to medium market newspapers. Heartland Publications LLC formed in May 2004 and started out by acquiring 24 publications from CNHI newspaper group. They currently own 48 paid circulation newspapers located in Georgia, Kentucky, North and South Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Virginia and West Virginia. Heartland Publications was owned by The Wicks Group of Companies and Wachovia Capital Partners. They acquired Mid-South Management Co., Inc. in 2007. The New York Times reports that Heartland Publications filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Monday December 21, 2009. Heartland left bankruptcy in 2010 under control of its creditors.

</doc>
<doc id="20211366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211366" title="Dishnicë">
Dishnicë

Dishnicë is a municipality in the Përmet District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Beduqas, Tolar, Panarit, Riban, Varibop, Kuqar, Mërtinjë, Xhanaj, Bënjë, Fratar, Senican, Katundishtë, Leskovec, Gërdas and Kodrishtë.

</doc>
<doc id="20211414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211414" title="From a Whisper to a Scream (film)">
From a Whisper to a Scream (film)

From a Whisper to a Scream, also known as The Offspring, is a 1987 American anthology horror film directed by Jeff Burr and starring Vincent Price.
Synopsis.
In a small Tennessee town called Oldfield, historian Julian White (Vincent Price) relates four horror stories to a reporter (Susan Tyrrell). The stories are connected to the past and present of Oldfield, which seems to be an epicenter for pure evil. White's narration serves as a wraparound story for four otherwise unconnected segments set during different periods in history ranging from the American Civil War to present day.
The first, set in modern times, involves awkward grocery clerk Stanley Burnside (Clu Gulager) who attempts to date his glamorous boss (Megan McFarland) with disastrous results (the film's video title "The Offspring" presumably refers to this segment).
The second segment, set in the 1950s, is the tale of a wounded man (Terry Kiser) on the run from murderous gangsters, who encounters a mysterious man (Harry Ceasar) that may be guarding a powerful secret.
The third segment, set in the 1930s, involves a local girl (Martine Beswick), who falls in love with a glass-eating carnival performer (Ron Brooks) much to the displeasure of the carnival's controlling Snakewoman (Rosalind Cash).
The fourth and final segment, set during the American Civil War, finds Union Sgt. Gallen (Cameron Mitchell) and his men encountering a group of children living alone, apparently without adults, on an isolated farmhouse. They appear to be war orphans, but all is not what it seems, as Gallen and his men quickly learn.
Casting and Production.
"From a Whisper to a Scream" was filmed during the periods of 1985 and 1986, and was finally released in 1987. During the shooting stage Vincent Price's scenes for the framing story were the last to be filmed (and in fact, seeing footage from the finished segments helped convince the actor to take the role).
Director Jeff Burr, whose only prior film was the American Civil War drama "Divided We Fall", had limited experience in Hollywood, and met much of the cast (Rosalind Cash, Clu Galager, Terry Kiser) through friends, rather than through a traditional casting process.
In order to secure Vincent Price for the role of Julian White in the frame story, Burr went in person to Price's house with a bottle of wine (aware that Price was a wine connoisseur) and gave him the script in person. Burr would later recall, We came bearing gifts, and wouldn’t you know… he opened the door himself when we knocked! It was a flurry of “Gee, Mr. Price, we’re fans of your work…” and “we wrote this script,” and he actually invited us inside. He had every reason to ignore us, and even if it was on a polite level, he could have said, “Okay boys, contact my agent,” but he was just so gracious. He invited us in, sat and talked with us for about 15 minutes, took the script, and that’s how it all started.
Price—who at that point in his career was reluctant to do more horror movies—later expressed regret at taking the role in a letter to German actor and puppeteer Gerd J. Pohl, claiming his agent had misrepresented the film. Nevertheless, Burr recalls Price as "professional, gracious, and accommodating," praising his performance and his professionalism on set, despite Burr's suspicion that "From a Whisper to a Scream" was, "the lowest budget film ever made as a professional." The film became Price's last horror role (though he would later play a villain in the zombie-themed action/comedy "Dead Heat".)
Title change.
The film was written and shot under the title "From a Whisper to a Scream", but it was changed to "The Offspring" for the American release. However, when it was released on DVD it was released under its original title.

</doc>
<doc id="20211423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211423" title="Coltsfoot Rock">
Coltsfoot Rock

Coltsfoot Rock is a confectionery product created from Coltsfoot extract by the UK confectioners Stockley's Sweets, based in Oswaldtwistle, Lancashire, England. As a product, it is a hardened stick of brittle rock candy flavoured with Coltsfoot, a plant with hoof-shaped leaves. 
As a recognised product of importance with regional heritage, along the lines of Dundee Cake, Kendal Mint Cake and other regional creations, it has gained such acknowledgment from the UK Regional Tourism Board, Lancashire Tourism Council and culinary organisations such as Gourmet Britain.
The recipe is secret to Stockley's Sweets and as the only manufacturer of Coltsfoot Rock all products that are labelled as such have originated from Stockley's traditional factory.
The history and popularity of the confectionery comes from its medicinal benefits; originally the leaves of the Coltsfoot plant were dried then smoked and is reported to have relieved asthma while its juices soothed coughs.

</doc>
<doc id="20211425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211425" title="The Case of Jennie Brice">
The Case of Jennie Brice

The Case of Jennie Brice is a crime novel by the American writer Mary Roberts Rinehart (1876–1956) set in 1904 in Allegheny City, Pennsylvania (which since 1907 has been a part of the city of Pittsburgh).
It tells the story of a blood-stained rope and towel, and a missing tenant, Jenny Brice—all of which convince Mrs. Pittman that a murder has been committed in her boarding house. But without a body, the police say there is no case. Pittman tries to ferret out the killer by using the key to Jennie's apartment to investigate.

</doc>
<doc id="20211453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211453" title="Durham High School for Girls">
Durham High School for Girls

Durham High School for Girls is a single-sex independent day school for girls aged 3 to 18 years old in Durham City, United Kingdom.
History and current status.
The school was founded in 1894 and has occupied various sites during its history. It now has premises south of the city at Farewell Hall. The school is a member of the Girls School Association.
Leadership and staff.
The school is a Church of England foundation, whose current head teacher is the Revd Ann Templeman, one of very few ordained women to be head of a senior school. The chair of the governors is Mr W Hurworth.
In May 2011, it was announced that Templeman was to step down as headmistress after 13 years at the school. The school was run by acting head Alan Whelpdale from September 2011 until July 2012 and was taken over by Mrs Lynne Renwick who was previously headmistress at Our Lady's Abingdon in Oxford in September 2012
Academic results.
Academic results are higher than average, even for the independent sector. Government performance figures show 98% of students achieving 5 Grade A* - C grades or better in their GCSEs.
Scholarships.
The school offers a number of scholarships and bursaries, including one which offers up to a 100% rebate on the fees for seven years.
Projects.
The school works in co-operation with the Durham/Lesotho Link and girls from the sixth form visit the Kingdom of Lesotho every summer to help in orphanages that support children affected by AIDS. Lesotho is completely surrounded by South Africa, making it expensive to get AIDS relief to the county. Many fundraising events take place throughout the year to increase funds for these projects.

</doc>
<doc id="20211468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211468" title="The Silent Revolution">
The Silent Revolution

The Silent Revolution is a 1972 German documentary film. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20211491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211491" title="Jeffrey R. Cares">
Jeffrey R. Cares

Jeffrey Cares, the founder and CEO of Alidade Incorporated, is an author in the subject of operations research and information age warfare. He is the author of "Distributed Networked Operations: The Foundations of Network Centric Warfare" (Alidade Press 2006). Cares has been featured in "Harvard Business Review", "Wired" and "Fast Company", created the revolutionary "War Game", and highlighted the importance of search theory.

</doc>
<doc id="20211495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211495" title="Dövranlı">
Dövranlı

Dövranlı is a village and municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 326. 

</doc>
<doc id="20211502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211502" title="Elbert Bloodgood">
Elbert Bloodgood

Elbert "Al" Lorraine Bloodgood (September 5, 1901 – March 26, 1947) was a professional American football player in the National Football League (NFL). He played at the University of Nebraska. He graduated from Nebraska in 1924. He played five seasons in the NFL including the 1930 Green Bay Packers title team.
Early life.
Elbert Bloodgood was born in Beatrice, Nebraska and attended Beatrice High School where became a Nebraska high school track state champion for the 100-yard dash in 1920, and the 440-yard dash and 880-yard relay in 1921. He graduated from high school in 1921.
College football career.
Bloodgood attended DePauw University and then at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln where he earned varsity letters as a quarterback in 1923 and 1924. At Nebraska, he played during the tenure of head football coach Fred Dawson and alongside Ed Weir and Verne Lewellen.
Bloodgood was a Cornhusker on the 1923 team that defeated Notre Dame University and head coach Knute Rockne's "Four Horsemen" for the second straight year. He was starting quarterback in the following year's 1924 game where the Cornhuskers lost 34-6 to the Fighting Irish.
Professional football career.
Bloodgood played 34 games during five seasons in the NFL between 1925 and 1930. He did not play in 1929.
Bloodgood made his professional debut in the NFL playing two years with the Kansas City Cowboys in 1925-1926. He was listed as a back with jersey number 23. On December 12, 1926 against the Duluth Eskimos he tied an NFL record (with Paddy Driscoll) of 4 drop-kicked field goals in a single game.
When the Kansas City Cowboys franchise folded at the end of 1926, he followed his player-coach LeRoy Andrews as the team essentially relocated as the Cleveland Bulldogs for its 1927 and final season. He is listed as a tailback and wore jersey number 1. It was with the Bulldogs that where Bloodgood has his best year when he ran back a fumble for a touchdown, and was tied for sixth in league touchdowns and fifth in field goals.
In 1928 Bloodgood played for the New York Giants and was listed as blocking back.
After not playing during 1929, Bloodgood to the NFL and played pre-season football with the Green Bay Packers, playing once again with former Cornhusker teammate Verne Lewellen. At age 29 and in his final season, he played three games on the 1930 Green Bay Packers championship team, where he is listed as a back and special teams starter

</doc>
<doc id="20211509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211509" title="Hüngütlü">
Hüngütlü

Hüngütlü (also, Üngültü, Hünkütlü, Hngütlü, and Ünkütlü) is a village and municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 375. 

</doc>
<doc id="20211512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211512" title="Konkordia Hut">
Konkordia Hut

The Konkordia Hut (German: "Konkordiahütte") is a mountain hut of the Swiss Alpine Club, located north of Fieschertal in the canton of Valais. The hut lies above Konkordiaplatz, the point of convergence of several glaciers in the great Aletsch Glacier system of the Bernese Alps. It is located at a height of 2,850 metres above sea level, at the foot of the Fülbärg.
Access.
Because of its location, the hut is long way from villages (6 hours from Fiescheralp, 10 hours from Fafleralp). The shortest way starts at the Jungfraujoch railway station (4 hours). All access routes are via glacier. The hut lies approximately 150 metres above the level of the ice.

</doc>
<doc id="20211517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211517" title="Pasamalar">
Pasamalar

Pasamalar (English: "The Flower of Love") is a 1961 Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan and Savitri. The film was directed by A. Bhimsingh. One of the songs, "Vaarayen Thozhi Vaarayo", is still played in many Tamil weddings. The movie was produced by Sivaji's own company Rajamani pictures. The producers were M. R. Santhanam and K. Mohan of Mohan Arts. The dialogues were written by Aroor Das. The movie was predominantly shot in Neptune Studios.“Paasa Malar" holds the record for having been made in the most number of languages, including Sinhala. It was remade in Hindi as Rakhi, in 1962, by Bhimsingh, starring Ashok Kumar, Waheeda Rehman & Pradeep Kumar. It was a major success & Ashok Kumar won the Filmfare Award for Best Actor & K.P. Kottarakara the Filmfare Award for Best Story. This film was again remade in Hindi in 1986, Vijay Sadanah, as "Aisa Pyar Kahan" with Jeetendra, Padmini Kolhapure, Jaya Prada and Mithun Chakraborty.
Plot.
Rajasekhar (Sivaji Ganesan) becomes the guardian to his younger sister Radha (Savitri) after their parents’ death. The brother-sister duo love, care and adore each other and are inseparable. When the factory in which Rajasekhar works is shut down due to a labour problem and he is depressed, Radha gives him 1000 which she had earned and saved by making toys. She advises him to use this money as seed capital and commence his own toy business. The dutiful brother follows his sister’s advice, starts a business and in a short time, becomes rich. Anand (Gemini Ganesan) an ex-colleague of Rajasekhar who earlier helped him to get a job in his old factory, is jobless and approaches Rajasekhar for work. Rajasekhar appoints him in his concern and over a period of time, Anand and Radha fall in love. Rajasekhar, who is very possessive of his sister, gets angry with Anand as he feels betrayed.
However, knowing how intensely Radha loves Anand, he arranges for their wedding. After the marriage, Anand, along with his aunt and cousin, move into
Rajasekhar’s house. Rajasekhar marries Dr. Malathy (M. N. Rajam) on Radha’s suggestion. All of them continue to live under the same roof and several
misunderstandings crop up. Anand’s aunt uses every opportunity to widen the rift between Malathy and Radha and Radha and Anand. Unable to witness Radha’s
troubles, Rajasekhar moves out of the house with his wife, Through Radha, Anand’s aunt serves a legal notice to Rajasekhar, demanding a share in the property for Radha. Malathy files a counter petition and the property is attached by the court, pending resolution. Unable to see Radha’s sufferings, Rajasekhar withdraws the case. Still the families don’t unite. Radha delivers a girl and Malathy delivers a boy. After her child’s birth, Malathy goes abroad for further studies, leaving the child with Rajasekhar.
Unable to cope with the separation from his sister and to have peace of mind, Rajasekhar goes on a pilgrimage for several months. He returns on Diwali day and goes to meet Radha, but is denied entry by Anand’s aunt. While going back, he saves a little girl from getting burnt by fire crackers and in the process, loses his eyesight. He is hospitalised and Radha rushes to the hospital to see her brother. Rajasekhar learns that the girl he saved is none other than his niece. Unable to cope with his inability to see them, he dies; Radha too dies holding his hand. The duo becomes an epitome of brother-sister relationship. In the shadow of their deaths, the children unite and seek their heavenly blessings.
Production.
The story for Paasa Malar was written by K. P. Kottakara, who later became a producer. He went around telling the story to many, but none came forward to make it as a film. He tried to meet Bheemsingh several times, who was so busy that they could not meet. Finally, Kottakara sent him a chit saying he had a new script based on "brother-sister love" and met him during the lunch break of his shooting, then became emotional after listening to the story and agreed to make it as a film.
Awards.
The film won National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil - Certificate of Merit for the Second Best Feature Film in 1962.
Soundtrack.
Kannadasan wrote the lyrics while duo Viswanathan Ramamoorthy composed the music.
Legacy.
Footage of "Paasa Malar" is featured in the 2011 Tamil film "Velayudham".
Re-release.
A digitally restored version of "Pasamalar" was released on 15 August 2013. M. Suganth of "The Times of India" rated it a perfect 5 out of 5, saying "The restoration, cinemascope and audio conversion are pretty good while the trimming (by veteran editor Lenin, Bhimsingh's son) manages to retain the continuity to a large extent."

</doc>
<doc id="20211550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211550" title="Mallı-Şıxlı">
Mallı-Şıxlı

Mallı-Şıxlı is a municipality in the Goychay Rayon of central Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,870. The municipality consists of the villages of Mallı, Şıxlı, and Ərəbşahverdi.

</doc>
<doc id="20211551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211551" title="Bombus barbutellus">
Bombus barbutellus

Bombus barbutellus, or Barbut's cuckoo-bee, is a species of cuckoo bumblebee that is widespread, if not especially common, in most of Europe.
Description.
The species is a medium-length bumblebee with a body length of for the female, for the male. The collar and the top of the head are yellow, the scutellum has yellow hairs (especially visible on the male bumblebee), and the first tergite (abdominal segment) is usually more or less yellow. The tail is whitish; the last tergite of the male, however, has inter-mixed black hairs. The rest of the fur, which is quite short (especially on old queens after hibernation), is black.
Ecology.
As a cuckoo bumblebee, "B. barbutellus" does not build any nest of its own, but usurps the nests of other bumblebees, killing the queen and forcing the workers to raise its own offspring. The main hosts are "B. hortorum", "B. ruderatus", and "B. argillaceus".
Favourite food sources are flowering plants such as thistles; the queen also visits white deadnettle and vetches, while the male feeds on bramble, knapweed, lavender and honeysuckles.
Distribution.
"Bombus barbutellus" is widely distributed, if not particularly common, in most of Europe from the middle of Fennoscandia in the north to southern Spain, and from the British Isles in the west to eastern-most Russia. In Britain its major distribution is in southern England, East Anglia and western Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="20211564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211564" title="Şəkili, Goychay">
Şəkili, Goychay

Şəkili is a village and municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 316. 

</doc>
<doc id="20211571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211571" title="Çayırlı, Azerbaijan">
Çayırlı, Azerbaijan

Çayırlı is a village and municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan. The municipality consists of the villages of Çayırlı and Qubadlı Şıxlı.

</doc>
<doc id="20211576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211576" title="Royal Papua New Guinea Constabulary">
Royal Papua New Guinea Constabulary

The Royal Papua New Guinea Constabulary (RPNGC) is a national police force with jurisdiction throughout all of Papua New Guinea.
History.
The RPNGC was formed from two predecessor bodies that existed prior to the independence of Papua New Guinea.
The Royal Papuan Constabulary, initially established by the Australian colonial administration as part of setting up Papua in the late 19th century, and the New Guinea Police Force which covered the former German New Guinea and British New Guinea also set up by Australia, initially during World War I and formalized as part of the League of Nations mandate of 1920.
The constabulary played a significant role resisting the Japanese occupation of New Guinea during World War II. For example the Lae War Cemetery holds the names of 13 police officers (panel 8) who died during the war.
The two colonial territories were gradually amalgamated during and after World War II leading to the merger of the two forces. The structure was retained after Papua New Guinea gained independence in 1975, although the name shifted from Royal Papua and New Guinea Constabulary to the present name with the removal of the "and" in 1972.
Special language.
The RPNGC is known for the historic use of Police Motu, a lingua franca pidgin variant of the Motu language. During the colonial period, personnel needed to effectively administer the colony were scarce, so the colonial government recruited constables from the various Papua New Guinean peoples and nearby islands such as Fiji and the Solomon Islands. These recruits may have spoken any of about 700–800 different indigenous languages. To aid in communication, a common language was needed and the Police Motu pidgin arose.
The language was widely used not just by police but also by colonial administrators.
Organization.
The RPNGC is part of the Law and Justice Sector of the government of Papua New Guinea. It is headquartered in Konedobu, a suburb of Port Moresby, the capital city, in the National Capital District. As of 2008, the Police Commissioner is Gari Baki, with several Deputy Commissioners having responsibility for organizational functions and regions.
The RPNGC has been aided in the past by various Australian initiatives, including supplying police forces and providing hundreds of millions of Australian dollars in assistance with budget, equipment and staffing. This aid is governed under the 1989 Treaty on Development Cooperation and has been carried out in several 5 year phases.
The RPNGC makes use of Community Auxiliary Police, volunteer forces that aid in policing rural communities.
Challenges.
Papua New Guinea does not have a tradition of strong local police authorities. The RPNGC has around 4800 constables charged with enforcing the law in a country of four million people. The RPNGC faces obstacles in trying to gain the cooperation of PNG communities, which frequently prefer to deal with criminals by themselves.
The Constabulary also faces resource constraints (including shortages of such basic supplies as gasoline and stationery) and difficulties with internal discipline. Consequently, police are spread fairly thin, with correspondingly slow response times. While the Constabulary has a code of ethics, the Human Rights Watch has noted difficulties such as reports of beatings and rape by officers, citizens alleging they feel less safe when police are around, female victims being asked for sex when reporting crimes, and general corruption. Amnesty International in a February 1, 2006 letter to then Minister for Internal Security, Bire Kimisopa and then Commissioner of Police, Sam Inguba, claimed to have documented "extensive evidence of members of the RPNGC subjecting women and girls in custody to rape and other forms of cruel, inhumane and degrading treatment", as well as requests for sexual favors from female victims before investigating crimes, and suggested additional recruitment of female police officers as a way to address the issue.
However, despite the internal issues, the RPNGC has been involved in giving aid to other countries and organizations in the region. For example, aid has been given to the Solomon Islands as part of the RAMSI since July 2003.
P.N.G - Australian-Policing Partnership.
The Australian government made a commitment to the PNG Government to deploy 50 Australian Federal Police to Port Moresby and Lae by the end of 2013 as part of Phase 4 of the Expanded Police Partnership. 
The aim of the expanded policing partnership is to improves the law enforcement capabilities of the RPNGC across key areas including:
While on duty, the Australian police officers wear their AFP uniforms which include the mission logo wok wantaim (working together). Their vehicles also prominently display the mission logo.
Crime statistics.
Credible national crime statistics are not published by the RPNGC. For the first time, UNDP published a national homicide rate of 13.0/100,000 in the 2013 Human Development Report, but the origin of this figure is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20211577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211577" title="Populous DS">
Populous DS

Trivia.
When the Armageddon Spell is cast, a remix of a Classical Music Piece is played during the final moments of battle.
The music track depends on which Elemental God the player has chosen.

</doc>
<doc id="20211596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211596" title="Ten percent of brain myth">
Ten percent of brain myth

The 10% of brain myth is the widely perpetuated urban legend that most or all humans only make use of 3%, 10% or some other small percentage of their brains. It has been misattributed to people including Albert Einstein. By association, it is suggested that a person may harness this unused potential and increase intelligence.
Though factors of intelligence can increase with training, the popular notion that large parts of the brain remain unused, and could subsequently be "activated", rests more in popular folklore than scientific theory. Though mysteries regarding brain function remain—e.g. memory, consciousness — the physiology of brain mapping suggests that most if not all areas of the brain have a function.
Origin.
One possible origin is the reserve energy theories by Harvard psychologists William James and Boris Sidis in the 1890s who tested the theory in the accelerated raising of child prodigy William Sidis to effect an adulthood IQ of 250–300; thus William James told audiences that people only meet a fraction of their full mental potential, which is a plausible claim. In 1936, American writer Lowell Thomas summarized this idea (in a foreword to Dale Carnegie's "How to Win Friends and Influence People") by adding a falsely precise percentage: “Professor William James of Harvard used to say that the average man develops only ten per cent of his latent mental ability."
According to a related origin story, the 10% myth most likely arose from a misunderstanding (or misrepresentation) of neurological research in the late 19th century or early 20th century. For example, the functions of many brain regions (especially in the cerebral cortex) are complex enough that the effects of damage are subtle, leading early neurologists to wonder what these regions did. The brain was also discovered to consist mostly of glial cells, which seemed to have very minor functions. Dr. James W. Kalat, author of the textbook "Biological Psychology", points out that neuroscientists in the 1930s knew about the large number of "local" neurons in the brain. The misunderstanding of the function of local neurons may have led to the 10% myth. Indeed, it is easy to imagine that the myth propagated simply by a truncation of the idea that humans use a small percentage of their brains at any given time.
Although parts of the brain have broadly understood functions, many mysteries remain about how brain cells (i.e., neurons and glia) work together to produce complex behaviors and disorders. Perhaps the broadest, most mysterious question is how diverse regions of the brain collaborate to form conscious experiences. So far, there is no evidence that there is one site for consciousness, which leads experts to believe that it is truly a collective neural effort. Therefore, as with James's idea that humans have untapped cognitive potential, it also is fair to say that a large fraction of questions about the brain have not been fully answered.
The origin has also been attributed to Dr. Wilder Penfield, the U.S.-born neurosurgeon who was the first director of Montreal Neurological Institute of McGill University
Refutation.
Neurologist Barry Gordon describes the myth as laughably false, adding, "we use virtually every part of the brain, and that of the brain is active almost all the time". Neuroscientist Barry Beyerstein sets out seven kinds of evidence refuting the ten percent myth:
Another evolutionary argument is that, given the historical risk of death in childbirth associated with the large brain size (and therefore skull size) of humans, there would be a strong selection pressure against such a large brain size if only 10% was actually in use.
In the October 27, 2010 episode of "MythBusters", the hosts used magnetoencephalography and functional magnetic resonance imaging to scan the brain of someone attempting a complicated mental task. Finding that well over 10% was active at once, they declared the myth "busted".
Perpetuation in pop culture.
Several books, films and short stories have been written closely related to this myth, as well as greatly expanded intelligence, artificially caused and otherwise, in general. The most notable of these is the novel "The Dark Fields", and its film adaptation "Limitless", which operates under the notion that the rest of the brain could be accessed through use of a drug. "The Zombie Survival Guide" alleges that humans only use 5% of their brains as a potential explanation of a "sixth sense" in zombies.
In "Flight of the Navigator" (1986), alien scientists discover that humans only use 10% of their brains.
Other works involving artificial intellectual enhancement include "The Lawnmower Man", the short stories "Understand" by Ted Chiang as well as "Lest We Remember" (which actually features total recall, a different concept based on similar premises) and "Foundation and Empire "by Isaac Asimov. These, however, do not imply that the human brain is, or should be inherently capable of, this exponential growth, while in the "Foundation" it is claimed by the person using it, but he was established earlier to have no formal education.
The 10% brain myth occurs frequently in advertisements, and is often cited as if it were fact in entertainment media. The pilot episode of "Heroes" features a genetics professor who also affirms the unused-brain myth to hint at the human potential for superpowers. In the novel "The Dead Zone", the protagonist's ability to see the future is attributed to the reactivation of a dormant part of his brain (Albeit caused to compensate for brain damage suffered while he was in a coma).
Some New Age proponents propagate this belief by asserting that the "unused" ninety percent of the human brain is capable of exhibiting psychic powers and can be trained to perform psychokinesis and extra-sensory perception. There is no scientifically verified body of evidence supporting the existence of such powers.
The core premise of the 1991 romantic comedy "Defending Your Life" is that people on Earth only use 3-5% of their brain and spend their time on Earth conquering fear. Once Earthlings, referred to as "Little Brains" conquer fear and learn to use more of their cognitive power, they graduate to a higher plane. Otherwise their soul is reincarnated and they are sent back to Earth to try again.

</doc>
<doc id="20211606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211606" title="De Adam Khan">
De Adam Khan

Adamkhan is a community in Helmand Province, Afghanistan.
It is about two kilometers east of Ghereshk, the capital of Ghereshk District.
On 3 June 2008 Adamkhan was hit by air strikes intended to hit Taliban fighters.
Local inhabitants said that the air strikes caused considerable civilian casualties.

</doc>
<doc id="20211607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211607" title="Bombus vestalis">
Bombus vestalis

The Vestal cuckoo bumblebee ("Bombus vestalis") is a species of cuckoo bumblebee that lives in most of Europe, including North Africa and western Asia.
"Bombus vestalis"' usual host is "Bombus terrestris" (the buff-tailed bumblebee).
Description.
The queen is a large bumblebee with a length up to and a wingspan of ; the male is considerably smaller (). The bumblebee is predomninantly black, with an orange collar. The third tergite (abdominal segment) has a border of yellow hairs, and the hairs on the fifth tergite are mostly white. The males are similar to the females, but smaller and with longer antennae. 
It is similar in appearance to another cuckoo bumblebee: "Bombus bohemicus" but is distinguishable by either looking at the length of the antennal segments or dissection and comparison of the genitalia. In "B. vestalis" the fifth antennal segment will be the same length as the third and fourth together.
Distribution.
The bumblebee is common from North Africa in the south to southern Sweden in the north, and from Britain in the west to northern Iran in the east. It is common throughout England and Wales but has only recently (2009) been sighted in Scotland. Using data from the National Biodiversity Network gateway it is apparent that "B. vestalis" is most prominent in South-East England.
Ecology.
"Bombus vestalis" is a cuckoo bumblebee; it does not construct any nest of its own, but usurpates the nest of "Bombus terrestris", kills the host queen and lets the host workers raise its offspring. The male bumblebees often congregate in gardens in the suburbs.
The queen emerges early in the spring; the males later, late May to early June. Favourite food sources are flowering plants such as clover (males especially often visit white clover), tufted vetch, knapweed and others. In the spring, the emerging queens frequently fly to flowers such as, for example, deadnettles, sallows, blackthorns, and dandelions.

</doc>
<doc id="20211626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211626" title="Bombus ashtoni">
Bombus ashtoni

Bombus ashtoni is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20211629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211629" title="Mali Health Organizing Project">
Mali Health Organizing Project

Mali Health Organizing Project, established in 2006, is a non-governmental organization with 501(c)(3) status that strives to empower impoverished peri-urban communities in Mali, Africa to transform maternal and child health sustainably. Mali Health works to enable communities to design, build and implement their own health care systems through:
Mali Health envisions a world where poor urban communities have the power to mobilize to address their evolving maternal and child health needs
Maternal and Child Health in Mali.
One of the 10 poorest countries in the world, Mali's life expectancy at birth is 51 years. Nearly 50% of the population of 15,494,466 is under 14 years of age and Mali has the second highest birth rate in the world, making high maternal and child mortality a national crisis. In Mali, 1 and 5 children die before their 5th birthday, mostly from five treatable, preventable diseases: malaria, diarrhea, acute respiratory tract infections, measles, and malnutrition. The infant mortality rate (death before 1 year of age) is 108.7 deaths/1000 births, the second highest in the world. Only 27% of children under 5 sleep beneath insecticide-treated mosquito nets - one of the most effective ways to treat malaria - and only 32% of children with fever receive treatment with any type of antimalarial medication.
In 2012, high maternal mortality (1 in 22 women die in childbirth) led Save the Children to rate Mali the 5th worst country to be a mother in 2012. Less than half of births (49%) are attended by a skilled health professional; among women aged 15–19 this rate is less than 1/3 (29.2%).
Mali is dependent on international development organizations and foreign missionary groups for much of its health care. The total expenditure on health makes up only 5% of the national GDP and Mali has 1 hospital bed per 2,000 people. This health crisis is compounded by high levels of poverty - over 50% of the population lives on less than $1 a day (PPP) - and low levels of literacy - with a literacy rate of 26%.
History.
Mali Health was founded in Sikoroni, a slum community on the outskirts Bamako, Mali by Caitlin Cohen, Lindsay Ryan and Erica Trauba, students at Brown University who had previously volunteered in Bamako.
Cohen, Ryan and Trauba believed that the role of an international development organization is to "foster" rather than "replace" local groups and government action. Similarly, Mouhammadoun (Modibo) Niang, Rokia Savané (vice-president of Coordination Des Associations Et ONG Feminines Du Mali), Siriki Coulibaly (adviser to Sikoroni's chief and the town’s official representative to Mali Health) and numerous other leaders in Sikoroni were frustrated by a history of failed projects, including a huge aid-agency water project that left the community without water, without the $30,000 they had contributed, and without many children who died because of iron contamination.
Since 2006, Mali Health Organizing Project has grown enormously, with 120 U.S.-based volunteers and partnerships with groups at the University of Michigan, Northwestern University, Harvard University, and high schools in Chicago, Illinois and Vermont. Over 75 Malians regularly volunteer with Mali Health, and two women act as part-time women’s empowerment coordinators (Cohen 2008, p. 1).
Programs.
Health Radio.
The Community Health Radio show seeks to mobilize community members around health and promote health education and prevention. The show is broadcast twice weekly by local announcers on Bamako’s most popular radio station, which serves one million listeners weekly. The show provides independent coverage of community health challenges and success stories on issues including malaria prevention, prenatal care, and illegal dumping in public spaces.
Mali Health listeners groups meet weekly to discuss the show. With the support of facilitators, groups propose and organize health initiatives promoted by the radio show. These initiatives have ranged from public theater shows on sanitation to community forums with health officials.
Action for Health.
In 2008 the international NGO Médecins Sans Frontières (Doctors Without Borders) estimated that free malaria testing and treatment dramatically increased the number of people surviving the disease, and the World Health Organization's 2010 World Health Report concluded that direct payments are a major obstacle to health coverage in low income countries.
However, user fees - in which patients pay money for services at a clinic or hospital - remain one of the largest barriers to health care for the poor in developing countries. Mali Health's primary program, Action for Health, seeks to help families who are unable to afford health care for their children. Families enrolled in the program receive free primary care for children and prenatal care for pregnant women in exchange for family participation in public service. Family participation in community service is theorized to offer a sense of ownership and personal investment in health and to increase the health of the community through health-related actions, such as mosquito net distribution festivals, trash pickup days, and health education sessions. Mali Health’s Community Health Workers visit enrolled families to monitor children's health and provide health education on issues such as malaria and malnutrition.
After launching in 2010, the program doubled enrollment and now serves over 2,800 people, including 800 children. The program has had success in increasing care-seeking and childhood survival rates: while the average Malian child visits a doctor once every four years, children in Action for Health average 2-3 visits per year.
Clinic.
Until recently, many Sikoro residents were unable to easily access health care because they lived too far from health centers. To increase geographic health access, Mali Health partnered with the Sikoro community and Malian government to build the Sikoro-Sourakabougou health center, a seven-room clinic providing primary care health services to a catchment area of 15,000 people.
As a public clinic, the health center is run by a community committee and integrated into the Malian health system. Mali Health continues to provide training and support for the center, integrating its health programs into the center’s work to create a comprehensive approach to health for the Sikoro community.
Action Training.
Action Training is premised on the belief that anyone can be an agent of change.
Action Training supports community members and groups in creating their own health campaigns and initiatives. Premised on the idea that community members know what they need best, Action Training provides a space for neighborhoods to discuss and prioritize their different health needs – ranging from building additional wells to distributing mosquito nets for children.
Our interactive curriculum helps community members build skills in project and campaign planning while also providing follow up support to help them execute their own health initiatives. According to Dramane Diarra, Mali Health’s Community Mobilization Coordinator: “Our goal is to develop the ability of individuals so they can address the difficulties they face living here in Sikoro.” Over time, Action Training aims to build a foundation for health committees to coordinate health activities in Sikoro and define the health development plan for the community.

</doc>
<doc id="20211634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211634" title="Bombus campestris">
Bombus campestris

Bombus campestris is a very common cuckoo bumblebee, that can be found in most of Europe.
Description.
The bumblebee is of medium length, the queen having an average length of , and the male . The fur of the queen is quite thin on the dorsal (upper) side. The collar, and in some cases the top of the head, is orange-yellow, while the terga (abdominal segments) 3–5 have yellow sides with a black centre; the rest of the body is black. The fur of the male is more variable: A pale form exists, with a broad, pale yellow collar, yellow hairs on top of the head, pale hairs on the sides of the otherwise black first tergite, a yellow line along the posterior rim, terga 3–6 pale yellow, usually with a black, thin, centre line. As for the queen, the rest of the body is black. The dark form is entirely black except for a thin, diffuse band on the collar and yellow hairs on the sides of terga 4–6. Intermediate forms exist. Both queens and males can be melanic. In western Scotland the sub-species "B. campestris swynnertoni" s found, with a queen with an almost entirely pale yellow thorax, yellow hairs on terga 1 and 2 and a yellow tail. The male has more black on the thorax, but a lot of yellow on the abdomen.
Ecology.
Its main hosts are bumblebees of the subgenus Thoracobombus as "Bombus pascuorum" (Common carder bee). In continental Europe, it also parasitizes nests of Brown-banded carder bee ("Bombus humilis") and Early bumblebee ("Bombus pratorum"; although the latter being a "Pyrobombus", not a "Thoracobombus").
Both sexes vists flowers as green alkanet, devil's-bit scabious and thistles. The queen also fly to dandelion, red clover, germander speedwell and ground ivy, while the male feeds on bramble and knapweed.
Distribution.
"Bombus campestris" can be found in most of Europe from the middle of Fennoscandia in the north to northern Spain, southern Italy and the Balkans, and from the British Isles in the west to eastern-most Russia. In Britain it is mostly found in England and Wales, its distribution being more patchy in Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="20211639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211639" title="Çəyirli">
Çəyirli

Çəyirli is a village in the municipality of Çərəcə in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20211640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211640" title="Helsingin Energia">
Helsingin Energia

Helsingin Energia (Finnish), Helsingfors Energi (Swedish), founded in 1909 and based in Helsinki, is one of the largest energy companies in Finland. The company is owned by the city of Helsinki and it produces and sells electricity, district heating and district cooling. 
Helsingin Energia is headquartered in the Sähkötalo building in central Helsinki and it operates five power plants in Helsinki and four in the Kymenlaakso region. Additionally, the company has nine district heating plants in Helsinki.
History.
The first electricity company was constructed in Helsinki in 1884 and several energy companies were established over the following 20 years. However, each of these new companies only produced enough electricity to power a few city blocks.
Helsingin kaupungin sähkölaitos (electricity works of the City of Helsinki) was established in 1909. Every small electricity companies in Helsinki were transferred to the ownership of the City.
In 1977 the company was combined with "Helsingin kaupungin kaasulaitos" (Helsinki city's gas works), which produced coal gas. After this, Helsingin kaupungin sähkölaitos was renamed "Helsingin kaupungin energialaitos" (Helsinki city's energy plant).
Later the production of coal gas was ceased, and the gas pipes were sold to a company called "Helsinkikaasu", which started to provide natural gas.
In 1995 the name of the company was changed to Helsingin Energia.
District heating production.
In 1953 Helsingin Energia started to produce district heating. Nowadays over 90% of apartments in Helsinki use district heating. 
Helsingin Energia is the biggest company in Finland that sells district heating.
Electricity production.
The company sells electricity to over 400,000 customers around Finland. Approximately 74% of the electricity is produced in power plants located in Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="20211645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211645" title="Bombus citrinus">
Bombus citrinus

Bombus citrinus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee. The female is usually about half an inch long. Its close relative is "Bombus impatiens".

</doc>
<doc id="20211650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211650" title="Cırkənd">
Cırkənd

Cırkənd is a village in the municipality of Bığır in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20211656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211656" title="Jakob Jonilowicz">
Jakob Jonilowicz

Jakob Jonilowicz (1908–1975) was an Israeli cinematographer.
Jonilowicz was born in Vilna, at that time part of the Russian Empire. He studied cinematography in Paris.
In 1936 he was the photo director of the film Yidl Mitn Fidl – (English:"Yiddle with his Fiddle", German:"Jidl mitn Fidl", Polish:"Judel gra na Skrzypcach").
In 1939 he returned to Vilna (Wilno) when Germany started World War II to help his family.
He survived the Holocaust. After the war he was director of photography of "Lang ist der Weg" - Long is the Road, Germany 1947-48
Later he moved to Israel.
Jonilowicz directed the photogrophy of the following films:
In 1961 he filmed the Eichmann trial in Jerusalem.
Jonilowicz married Dolly Kobryner (Dolly Jonilowicz - 1908-1944), a US citizen born in New York and dedicated to photo editing; she was killed by Germans in German-Nazi occupied Poland during World War II. He had a daughter in Israel, Tali Jonilowicz (1953), with his second wife, Hanna Jonilowicz (1925–1999).
Jakob Jonilowicz died in Israel in 1975.
Der Wilner Express.
An article published in Vilna, 1936, in the Der Wilner Ekspres ("Der Wilner Express") tells us about Jakob Jonilowicz childhood and life before World War II. Following is a translation from the original article in Yiddish.
WHAT IS HEARD IN VILNA?
HOW A YOUNG JEWISH VILNER BECAME ONE OF THE WORLD BIGGEST FILM OPERATORS
These days arrived to Vilna Jakob Jonilowicz, which is a world famous film operator.
JONILOWICZ IS A VILNER
Jonilowicz is a young Jewish Vilner that came here to meet his parents that have an eyewear shop in 38 Zavalne St. "{now Pylimo Street where is the main entrance of the state-sponsored Jewish museum }"
This young man thanks to his unprecedented ability did an immense career during a few years, even not seen in a movie.
He was born in Vilna, graduating here in the “TRO-Gymnasium” "{Tagen Religiöser Orientierung Gymnasium - Secondary school with daily religious orientation}"
and studied a few years in the Faculty of Arts of the local University.
Here this young man showed a great ability, especially in artistic photography, in such a manner his photos have been shown in exhibitions abroad with a great success.
TRAVELING TO PARIS
Six years ago, Jonilowicz being a little more than 20 years old, left Vilna to Paris, to complete his education.
Thanks to his great ability, professors of the Sorbonne University in Paris expressed interest in him. After finishing a few cinematography courses in Paris, Jonilowicz was engaged as operator assistant in Paramount and later becoming an independent operator in Pathe & Primax Society film.
Jonilowicz signed a contract with a big American film corporation, traveled to the USA and participated there in a spectacular film that all America admired. The film name is “ Folies Bergere de Paris”. "{1935}"
JONILOWICZ BECOMES FAMOUS
After doing a few films with major movie starts, Jonilowicz gained the attention of French film producers.
The most important experts used to consult him recognizing his techniques and artistic knowledge.
This young Jewish was engaged with several film corporations of the first line.
JONILOWICZ IN POLAND
A few month ago Jonilowicz was contracted in Poland to join the first and greatest Polish transatlantic ship “Józef Piłsudski” and film the complete maiden voyage to America. Back to Poland, Jonilowicz did a film of Narocz (Narotsch).
ANTI-SEMITE PRESS IS DELIGHTED WITH JONILOWICZ FILMS
The “Wieczor Warszawski” that is a known by all of us as anti-Semitic newspaper of the Endeks party, is delighted with Jonilowicz films. They wrote among others: “the operator Janilowicz is a great win to Polish cinematography. The photography part of the films stands on a high level of achievement. The name of Narocz (Narotsch) surpasses all what has been seen until now in Poland and in general.
A MINISTER BLESSES VILNA WHERE SUCH A WARY ARTIST WAS BORN
A few days ago, a special event took place where the films done by Jonilowicz have been shown.
In that exhibition came a lot of great Polish members of the nobility as visitors.
One of the Ministers congratulated Jonilowicz with these words:
“Be blessed the City of Vilna, which has with his high artistic creation adorn the Polish film production. Bless and thanks to those that helped to bring to the world this art-work”
The arrival to Vilna of this great artist caused a big sensation.

</doc>
<doc id="20211659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211659" title="Velma Gaines-Hamock">
Velma Gaines-Hamock

Velma Louise Gaines Hamock (May 25, 1910 – October 3, 2000) was an American funeral home owner in Paducah, Kentucky. In 1949 she inherited the business, at one time the only African-American owned funeral home in the city, after the death of her husband A. Z. Hamock. She is noted for having kept the mummy of Speedy Atkins, which her husband had preserved in 1928, for more than 40 more years before burial in 1994. About 200 people attended the 1994 funeral and burial of Atkins in Maplelawn Cemetery in Paducah. As had her husband, Velma Hamock kept Atkins' preserved body in a closet when it was not displayed to tourists. She died in October 2000.
Legacy and honors.
Hamock is the first African-American woman to be named a Kentucky Colonel.

</doc>
<doc id="20211661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211661" title="Qubadlı Şıxlı">
Qubadlı Şıxlı

Qubadlı Şıxlı is a village in the municipality of Cəyirli in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20211683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211683" title="KCAB (AM)">
KCAB (AM)

KCAB (980 AM) is a radio station licensed to Dardanelle, Arkansas, USA. The station is currently owned by Max Media.
Programming.
KCAB's weekday programming includes a local news block, "River Valley Sunrise" with host Aaron Thomas from 6:00 to 9:00 a.m.; the "Swap Shop" program from 9:00 to 10:00 a.m (also airs on Saturdays); "Spotlight on the River Valley," a local talk show hosted by Johnny Story and the a sports talk show "Sports Animals" with Shawn Arnell and Wally Hall syndicated programming includes The Rush Limbaugh Show, Sean Hannity and ESPN Radio. The station also airs Arkansas Razorbacks and Arkansas Tech University sports.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20211685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211685" title="Always a New Beginning">
Always a New Beginning

Always a New Beginning is a 1974 American documentary film directed by John D. Goodell, about the founding and operation of The Institutes for the Achievement of Human Potential. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20211701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211701" title="Ernesto Herrera">
Ernesto Herrera

Ernesto Herrera (1889–1917) was a Uruguayan playwright, short story writer and journalist.
Background.
He travelled widely in Europe. 
Herrera was active in journalism.
Works.
Short stories.
His writings include a collection of short stories 'Su majestad el hambre', 1910 (His majesty hunger).
In terms of his successful writings, Herrera thereafter moved away from the genre of short story writer.
Plays.
Herrera's reputation is particularly as a playwright. 
His first major play was 'El estanque', 1910 (The pond). Some of his plays received critical acclaim, particularly 'El leon ciego', 1911 (The blind lion).
Death and legacy.
His early death in 1917 when he had not yet attained the age of 30 left his reputation as an accomplished playwright with a sense of unfulfilled potential.

</doc>
<doc id="20211712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211712" title="Atherton Rawstorne">
Atherton Rawstorne

Atherton Gwillym Rawstorne was the Bishop of Whalley from 1909 to 1936; and Archdeacon of Blackburn from 1922 to 1936.
Born on the 9 July 1855, he was educated at Eton and Corpus Christi College, Oxford. Ordained in 1879 he was appointed Curate of All Saints’, Bradford and then Chaplain to the Bishop of Adelaide. Afterwards he was Vicar of Oulton, Rector of Croston and then Rural Dean of Leyland before ascending to the Episcopate. He died on the 5 May 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="20211731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211731" title="U-3-class submarine (Austria-Hungary)">
U-3-class submarine (Austria-Hungary)

The "U-3" class was a class of two submarines or U-boats built for and operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy (). The "U-3"-class boats were designed and built by Germaniawerft of Kiel, Germany. The class was a part of the Austro-Hungarian Navy's efforts to competitively evaluate three foreign submarine designs.
The two "U-3"-class boats, both launched in 1908, were just under long and were each powered by two kerosene two-stroke engines while surfaced, and two electric motors when submerged. The "U-3" class initially had diving problems that were alleviated after several modifications to fins and diving planes. Both boats of the class served in combat during World War I. , the lead boat of the class, was sunk by gunfire in August 1915. was the longest-serving Austro-Hungarian submarine and sank over of ships, including the Italian armored cruiser "Giuseppe Garibaldi" in July 1915. "U-4" was handed over to France as a war reparation in 1920 and scrapped.
Design and construction.
In 1904, after allowing the navies of other countries to pioneer submarine developments, the Austro-Hungarian Navy ordered the Austrian Naval Technical Committee (MTK) to produce a submarine design. The January 1905 design developed by the MTK and other designs submitted by the public as part of a design competition were all rejected by the Navy as impracticable. They instead opted to order two submarines each of designs by Simon Lake, Germaniawerft, and John Philip Holland for a competitive evaluation. The two Germaniawerft submarines comprised the "U-3" class. The Navy authorized two boats, "U-3" and "U-4", from the Germaniawerft in 1906.
The "U-3"-class was an improved version of Germaniawerft's design for the Imperial German Navy's first U-boat, , and featured a double hull with internal saddle tanks. The Germaniawerft engineers refined the design's hull shape through extensive model trials. The boats were long by abeam and had a draft of . Each boat displaced surfaced and submerged. Each submarine had two bow torpedo tubes, and was designed to carry up to three torpedoes.
Service career.
Both boats were commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy in 1909, with "U-4" commissioned in August and "U-3" in September. During the evaluations conducted by the Navy, the "U-3" design bested the "U-1" (Lake) and "U-5" (Holland) classes in reliability and provided the best living conditions. They did, however, have the worst diving abilities of the three designs, and produced excessive exhaust smoke. To remedy the diving problems of the "U-3"-class, the fins were changed in size and shape several times. Eventually the front diving planes were removed and a stationary stern flap was affixed to the hull.
From their commissioning to the outbreak of World War I 1914, both "U-3"-class submarines served as training boats and sailed on as many as ten cruises a month in that capacity. At the beginning of the war, the "U-3" boats made up half of the operational U-boats in the Austro-Hungarian Navy fleet. The armament of each boat was supplemented by the addition of a quick firing (QF) deck gun. Both boats conducted reconnaissance cruises for a large part of the first year of the war. In August 1915, "U-3" was sunk by a French destroyer after making an unsuccessful torpedo attack on an Italian armed merchant cruiser. "U-4" went on to become the longest serving Austro-Hungarian submarine, sinking twelve ships that totaled over and damaging a British Royal Navy cruiser. "
Class members.
SM "U-3".
SM "U-3" was laid down on 12 March 1907 at Germaniawerft in Kiel (work no. 135) and launched on 20 August 1908. Upon completion, she was towed via Gibraltar to Pola, where she arrived on 24 January 1909. She was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy on 12 September, and served as a training vessel through the beginning of World War I. For most of the first year of the war, she conducted reconnaissance cruises from Cattaro. On 12 August 1915, "U-3" made an unsuccessful torpedo attack on the Italian armed merchant cruiser in the northern end of the Strait of Otranto and was rammed and damaged by the Italian ship in return. "U-3" succumbed to gunfire from the French destroyer "Bisson" the following day, with the loss of seven crewmen, including "Linienschiffsleutnant" Karl Strnad, her commanding officer; the other fourteen men of the crew were captured.
SM "U-4".
SM "U-4" was laid down in March 1907 at Germaniawerft in Kiel (work no. 136) and launched in November 1908. Upon completion, she was towed via Gibraltar to Pola, where she arrived in January 1909. She was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy in August, and served as a training vessel through the beginning of World War I.
Over the first year of the war, "U-4" made several unsuccessful attacks on warships and captured several smaller vessels as prizes. In July 1915, she scored what "Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships, 1906–1921" called her greatest success when she torpedoed and sank the Italian armored cruiser , the largest ship hit by "U-4" during the war. In mid-May 1917, "U-4" was a participant in a raid on the Otranto Barrage which precipitated the Battle of Otranto Straits. In a separate action that same month, "U-4" sank her second largest ship, the Italian troopship "Perseo". She scored her final success in July 1917 with the sinking of a French tug. In total, "U-4" sank twelve ships totaling . She survived the war as Austria-Hungary's longest serving submarine, was ceded to France as a war reparation, and scrapped in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="20211733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211733" title="Reclus (volcano)">
Reclus (volcano)

Reclus is a volcano located in Southern Patagonia Ice Field, Chile. It has a crater with a diameter around 1 km and is being shaped by glacial erosion caused by Amalia Glacier. The volcano had been mistaken for "Cerro Mano del Diablo" (Devil's Hand Mountain) until 1987, when it was determined its true location.

</doc>
<doc id="20211736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211736" title="Maria Sid">
Maria Sid

Maria Sid-Achrén (née Maria Sid, born 13 May 1968) is a Finnish actress. She is best known for her role in the Finnish satire television program "Donna Paukku".

</doc>
<doc id="20211742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211742" title="List of Parsons The New School for Design people">
List of Parsons The New School for Design people

This is a list of notable alumni and faculty of the Parsons The New School for Design. 

</doc>
<doc id="20211743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211743" title="Luftinjë">
Luftinjë

Luftinjë is a municipality in the Tepelenë District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Izvor, Luftinjë, Luftinjë e Sipërme, Rrapaj, Rabie, Gllavë e Vogël, Maricaj, Arrëz e Madhe, Vagalat, Tosk Martalloz, Dervishaj, Zhapokikë, Zhapokikë e Sipërme, Ballaj and Luadhaj.

</doc>
<doc id="20211745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211745" title="George Milke">
George Milke

George E. Milke (born in 1954) was a pitcher who is most notable for winning the 1974 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a sophomore at University of Southern California. He is one of seven players from University of Southern California to win that award. The others are Bill Thom, Bud Hollowell, Bill Seinsoth, Russ McQueen, Rod Boxberger and Wes Rachels.
Prior to playing collegiately, he attended Marian Catholic High School in San Diego, California. 
In 1973 and 1974, he played for the Alaska Goldpanners of the Alaska Baseball League.
Following his college career, he played professionally from 1975 to 1979, although he never reached the big leagues. He was first drafted by the California Angels in the sixth round of the 1972 draft, but he chose not to sign. When he was drafted by the New York Mets in the third round of the 1975 draft, he did sign. 
In his first professional season, 1975, he played for the Visalia Mets, going 8-3 with a 3.71 ERA in 17 games. From 1976 to 1978 he played for the Jackson Mets, going 4-7 with a 4.14 ERA in 1976, 7-11 with a 3.21 ERA in 1977, and 0-1 with a 3.60 ERA in 1978. He played his final professional season in 1979 with the Bakersfield Outlaws, going 2-4 with a 6.16 ERA.

</doc>
<doc id="20211748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211748" title="Football at the 1986 Asian Games">
Football at the 1986 Asian Games

Football at the 1986 Asian Games was held in Seoul, South Korea from September 20 to October 5, 1986. Singapore boycotted to dispatch the national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20211753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211753" title="Journey to the Outer Limits">
Journey to the Outer Limits

Journey to the Outer Limits is a 1973 American documentary film directed by Alexander Grasshoff. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20211760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211760" title="Cory Ondrejka">
Cory Ondrejka

Cory Ondrejka is the director of mobile engineering in Facebook. He also was the Chief Technology Officer of Linden Lab, makers of Second Life. With Philip Rosedale, Ondrejka co-founded Second Life and played a significant role in the architecture of the product. After leaving Linden Lab, Ondrejka became Senior Vice President of Digital Strategy for the EMI Group until he left EMI in September 2009.
Education.
Ondrejka is a former US Navy officer and 1992 graduate of the US Naval Academy. He earned a joint undergraduate degree in Computer Science and Weapons and Systems Engineering, and has the distinction of being the first Annapolis graduate to do so. In 1995 he graduated with a master’s degree in computer science from Boston University.
Career.
Before Linden Lab.
Before joining Linden Lab, Ondrejka served as Project Leader and Lead Programmer for Pacific Coast Power and Light, where he helped to develop Road Rash 64 and built a core technology team to deliver titles to the Nintendo 64 and Sony PlayStation consoles. Prior to 2000, Ondrejka also worked for the Department of Defense and the National Security Agency.
Linden Lab (2000-2007).
Ondrejka joined San Francisco-based Linden Lab in 2000 and was the fourth employee retained by the company. During his tenure at Linden Lab (2000–2007), Ondrejka was chiefly responsible for the development of the Linden Scripting Language, and reportedly spearheaded Linden Lab's initiatives in favor of user intellectual property rights and open source code.
Ondrejka departed Linden Lab in 2007, a move initially rumoured in the virtual world blog Massively and subsequently confirmed in CNET and by numerous other sources following an official statement. Ondrejka's departure, which former Linden Lab Chief Executive Officer Philip Rosedale characterized in a BBC interview as amicable "differences... about how to run the company and how best we organise ourselves as a company going forward", was a source of controversy and speculation in the media and blogosphere.
After Linden Lab.
In 2008, Ondrejka was recruited to join EMI with the title of senior vice-president of digital strategy. Digital business president Douglas Merrill commented on Ondrejka's appointment that, Ondrejka's experience in building virtual environments will be valuable to EMI in creating "new digital communities for fans and artists", specifically with a view to enabling people to find and engage with musical content.
In November 2010 Ondrejka was hired by Facebook, which also acquired the assets of a startup he cofounded in April 2010, Walletin. He got the title of engineering director. In 2011 he became the director of mobile engineering.
In Second Life.
Ondrejka was known in Second Life as "Cory Linden," and created an avatar to appear in the 3D world as the Flying Spaghetti Monster. His activities in the world were characterized by Wagner James Au as "puckish" and playfully anarchic, often to the benefit of newbies.

</doc>
<doc id="20211770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211770" title="Jeffrey Ventrella">
Jeffrey Ventrella

Jeffrey Ventrella is a digital artist, programmer, and researcher. Ventrella was principal inventor and, with Will Harvey, co-founder of the virtual world "There".
Career.
Ventrella co-founded the virtual world product There.com in 1998. Ventrella motivated the conceptualization and implementation of "avatar-centric communication" at There. Ventrella subsequently worked as a Senior Developer at Linden Lab, makers of Second Life. Speaking on the official Second Life blog, former Linden Lab CEO Cory Ondrejka referred to Ventrella as "one of the world's experts on avatars and 3D communications." One of Ventrella's core projects in Second Life was "avatar puppeteering," an area where he has also published scholarship.
Ventrella is also known as the author of Gene Pool,
Ventrella taught at the Centre for Digital Media at Great Northern Way Campus, in Vancouver, British Columbia. He frequently appears on the Biota.org podcast.
Education.
Ventrella holds a Masters degree in Media Arts and Sciences from the MIT Media Lab and a Master of Fine Arts in Computer Graphics from Syracuse University.

</doc>
<doc id="20211782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211782" title="1000th-Anniversary of Polish State Stadium">
1000th-Anniversary of Polish State Stadium

1000th-Anniversary of Polish State Stadium (pl. "Stadion 1000-lecia Państwa Polskiego") is a multi-use stadium in Zawiercie, Poland. The stadium has a capacity of 9000 people and was opened in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="20211785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211785" title="OPASTCO">
OPASTCO

OPASTCO (also known as the Organization for the Promotion and Advancement of Small Telecommunications Companies; formerly the Organization for the Protection and Advancement of Small Telephone Companies) was a United States telecommunications trade association for rural, independent telecommunications companies that operated apart from the Regional Bell Operating Companies. 
On February 7, 2013, OPASTCO announced it would merge with the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association to form a new organization known as NTCA, The Rural Broadband Association.
Origins.
OPASTCO was created in 1963, inspired from a meeting of representatives of small telephone companies held in Memphis, Tennessee, to discuss perceived flaws in the Federal Communications Commission's Schedule Toll B Settlements average schedule formula, which concerned how telephone companies were compensated for calls handled via automatic ticketing machines as opposed to operator-completed calls. By 1966, OPASTCO counted approximately 100 small telephone company members, located predominantly in the southeastern United States.
Membership and activities.
As of 2008, OPASTCO has more than 600 rural telecommunications company and industry-vendor members, which are located in 40 states and Canada and serve an estimated five million customers. OPASTCO's advocacy efforts include representing its members' interests with respect to universal service and the Universal Service Fund, intercarrier compensation, access to video content for cable and Internet protocol television (IPTV) systems, and other emerging topics, such as broadband and next-generation networks and infrastructure in rural America, before the United States Congress and the FCC.
OPASTCO also publishes and commissions various printed publications, white papers, academic studies, and online resources to educate its members and the public at large on its positions regarding rural telecommunications. OPASTCO also holds two conventions twice per year, as well as other conferences and symposiums.
As of November 2008, OPASTCO currently is involved with negotiations with the FCC regarding reform of contributions to and support received by telecommunications carriers from the Universal Service Fund, and intercarrier compensation, or compensation between telecommunications carriers for voice traffic, be it wireline or wireless, completed on one another's telecom networks.

</doc>
<doc id="20211791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211791" title="Jeff Lieberman (roboticist)">
Jeff Lieberman (roboticist)

Jeff Lieberman (born March 1978) is the host of the show Time Warp on Discovery Channel.
Lieberman, originally from Florida, holds two B.S. degrees, in Mathematics and Physics, and two M.S. degrees, in Mechanical Engineering and Media Arts & Sciences with a focus in Robotics, all from MIT. He is currently taking a leave of absence from pursuing a Ph.D due to the demands of filming. Before his leave, he worked in the MIT Media Lab in Cynthia Breazeal's Personal Robots Group.
One of his main interests is making kinetic sculptures. He built the notable "Absolut Quartet", with Daniel Paluska commissioned by Absolut Vodka, a few years ago, which is currently on display at Ars Electronica, in Austria.
He has since then made many technological sculptures, which resulted in him starting his design firm 'Plebian Design'. He also did a project on the crowd funding site KickStarter.
"One thing that I don’t want to do as an artist is inflate the prices of my work to artificially make them more valuable. Often artists do this in order to make a living; so I wanted to figure out another alternative." he said, explaining why he chose KickStarter for one of his projects. 
Jeff is also a musician, playing several instruments as well as singing. His first starring role in a feature film was in the romantic musical comedy "83 Errers".
Plebian Design.
Plebian Design is the name of Jeff's design firm, which has done projects like the Quartet and the newly installed 'Patterned by Nature', which is a sculptural ribbon 10 feet wide and 90 feet in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20211817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211817" title="United States Submarine Veterans Inc. (USSVI)">
United States Submarine Veterans Inc. (USSVI)

The United States Submarine Veterans, Inc. (USSVI) was created by a group of men from the United States Submarine Veterans of World War II. They shared a belief in the need of an organization open to all United States Navy submariners, from the very beginning of the Submarine Service to the present and into the future - not limited to just those who served so ably in World War II. They wanted to ensure their shipmates who were Killed in action on submarines would never be forgotten.
Purpose.
Nearly 4,000 submariners have sacrificed their lives on the altar of American freedoms. It is the primary mission of USSVI to perpetuate their memory through memorials and "tolling the boats" memorial services. Per the USSVI Constitution Article III the Purpose/Creed consists of three sections:
Creed.
Section 1: To perpetuate the memory of our shipmates who gave their lives in the 
pursuit of their duties while serving their country. That their 
dedication, deeds, and supreme sacrifice be a constant source of 
motivation toward greater accomplishments. Pledge loyalty and patriotism 
to the United States of America and its Constitution.
Camaraderie.
Section 2: In addition to perpetuating the memory of departed shipmates, USSVI provides a way for all Submariners to gather for mutual benefit and enjoyment. The common heritage as Submariners is strengthened by camaraderie. USSVI supports a strong United States Submarine Force.
Perpetual remembrance.
Section 3: The organization engages in various projects and deeds that bring about the perpetual remembrance of those shipmates who have given the supreme sacrifice. USSVI also endeavors to educate all third parties it comes in contact with about the services United States submariners performed and how the sacrifices of lost shipmates made possible the freedom and lifestyle Americans enjoy today.
History.
United States Submarine Veterans of World War II.
Prior to the founding of the United States Submarine Veterans, Inc. (USSVI), there existed another U.S. submarine veterans association, the United States Submarine Veterans of World War II which still exists today. Originally founded in July 1955, membership in this organization is limited to submarine crews and relief crews who were on active duty from December 1, 1941 through September 1, 1945. As this organization grew, so did the development and deployment of American submarines across the globe, and it became apparent to many that there was a need and a strong desire for a new organization to include submariners of all eras.
Formation of USSVI.
Fueled by a desire to form a new association, and inspired by the tragic loss of the USS Thresher (SSN-593) on April 10, 1963, a meeting was set for October 12, 1963. Led by Dominic ‘Joe’ Negri and others, the Charter Meeting of USSVI was held in Orange, New Jersey, with 16 representatives present. The Creed and National Bylaws were established at this inaugural meeting. Officers were appointed to serve in an acting capacity until regular elections could be held in the summer of 1964. Robert Link was appointed President; Ken Walkington, Vice-President; Joe Burges, Secretary; and Mike Drucker, Treasurer.
Incorporation.
On May 24, 1964, shipmates Joe Negri, Ken Walkington, and Joe Marion met with New London, Connecticut attorney, L. Patrick Gray, Captain, U.S. Navy (Retired) (who later became the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation), to legally constitute USSVI as a legal, non-profit organization in the State of Connecticut, with a license to operate and conduct business in all 50 states. The organization was officially incorporated and chartered in New London, Connecticut. The signatories were Joe Negri, Ken Walkington, and Joe Marion. Additional USSVI Plank Owners included Warren ‘Ed’ Gannon, Angelo La Pelosa, Robert Link, Tom Rowan, and Hugh Trimble. They selected former United States Submarine Veterans of World War II National Commander Bob Link as their first acting National Commander. Joe Negri was elected the first Connecticut State Commander and Dick Higham was elected the first Base Commander of Connecticut Base #1, which later became Groton Base. This fledgling organization would soon grew to several hundred shipmates scattered throughout Connecticut, New York, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, and New Jersey.
First National Convention.
The first National Convention was held in Atlantic City, New Jersey on June 18–20, 1964. Acting President, Robert Link of Absecon, New Jersey was host to the delegates at the Traymore Hotel. Nine eastern states were represented by Ed Sena from New York, Dick Higham from Connecticut, Elmo Wittig from New Jersey, Thomas ‘Doc’ Smith from New Jersey, Herman Schmidt from New Jersey, Art Clarke from Pennsylvania, Joe Negri and Ken Walkington of Connecticut. Commander Charles Carlisle, Commanding officer of USS Tecumseh (SSBN-628), served as guest speaker for the first annual convention. Vice Admiral Charles A. Lockwood was also a guest in attendance.
A new slate of National Officers was elected at the first Convention. Joe Negri was elected National Commander; KenWalkington, Vice Commander; Joe Burges, Secretary; and Mike Drucker,Treasurer. National Directors were JoeWebb, Dick Higham, and Joe Marion.
National Headquarters.
The Groton Base started operating immediately and held meetings at the K of C in Groton. The attendance at these meetings was between 60-75 members. Joe Negri was elected the first state commander and Dick Higman was the first Base Commander. About a year later it was determined that they needed their own building and it was voted to sell raffle tickets (1000 tickets at $10 each) for a gold Cadillac to raise the money for the down payment on the present home at 40 School Street in Groton, Connecticut.
The base building on School Street became a reality in 1966. Due to the fact that the Groton USSVI/Base was incorporated within the State of Connecticut and they had their own building, it was voted that Groton become the National Headquarters of USSVI.
Organization.
National Officers.
Nationally elected officers of USSVI are:
The prerequisite for National Office is that a Nominee must be a Regular Member in good standing a minimum of thirty consecutive months. The term of office for all National officers is two years or until a successor is elected. No individual can serve more than two consecutive terms as National Commander. Other than the position of National Commander, there are no restrictions on the number of terms an individual may be elected to any office.
Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors has the control and general management of the affairs and business of the organization. It is composed of the National elected officers, the Regional Directors, and the District Commanders, the immediate Past National Commander, the President of the Ladies Auxiliary and the Commander of the Holland Club.
Regional Directors.
Regional Directors are directly responsible to the National Commander for the conduct of organizational business within their Region. They serve as members of the Board of Directors, members of the Scholarship Committee, and perform other such duties as required by the National Constitution and USSVI Bylaws.
District Commanders.
District Commanders serve as non-voting members of the Board of Directors. They assist the Base Commanders within their respective districts in the performance of their duties, to include providing assistance as required to ensure the proper operation of base meetings and events, recruiting and retention. They appoint all District committees, committee chairman and appointed officers as required to conduct District business. They also approve Base Constitution and Bylaws, ensuring compliance with National and State laws regulating the operation of the organization within his district (i.e. chartering, maintaining non-profit status, etc.)
Base Commanders.
Base Commanders are responsible for the day-to-day operation of their specific base in accordance with their base Bylaws.
Structure.
USSVI is organized by Regions, Districts, and Bases throughout the United States.
National Office.
The National Office is located in Silverdale, Washington and manages membership and administrative services.
National Library.
The National Library is located in North Little Rock, Arkansas at the Arkansas Inland Maritime Museum. The library has a complete set of the following magazines:
Membership.
USSVI currently has over 13,000 US Submarine qualified members.
Regular.
USSVI Regular membership is restricted to current and former U.S. Military Personnel, who have been designated “Qualified in Submarines” by authorized U.S. Navy Command Authority, or are regular members of the U.S. Submarine Veterans of World War II.
All are invited to join their shipmates in "Subvets". Contact office@ussvi.org or click the "Join US" button at www.ussvi.org for more information.
Life.
Regular and Associate Members may become Life Members by paying the National Life Membership Fee established in the Organization’s Bylaws. National Life Members will pay no further National dues, but may be required to pay Base dues as per
Base Bylaws. A Base may offer a member, who is a National Life Member, Base Life Membership, not to exceed the cost of National Life membership.
National Life Membership was inaugurated in 1984 at the National Business Meeting in Groton, Connecticut.
Base Life Membership, in 1985, was voted-in at the Boston Base, available with National Life Membership as a prerequisite.
Primary and Dual.
When an applicant selects a Base to join, that Base becomes his "Primary" Base. This is done for National voting reasons. National election ballots are distributed according to a members Primary Base. A "Dual" member is someone who has also joined other bases as their interests dictate. The member may also vote in local Base elections through his "dual" base(s), but national election voting is always only done through the member's primary base.
Associate.
An Associate Member is a person who is not eligible for regular membership but is closely associated with a Regular Member.
Each Associate Member must be sponsored by a Regular Member in good standing and are eligible for Life Membership. Associate Membership is reserved for persons not otherwise eligible for regular membership, but who are related to the Submarine Service by their deeds or actions. All Associate Members must be at least sixteen (16) years of age. This does not preclude any relative of a regular member in good standing from applying for Associate Membership.
Ladies Auxiliary.
A Ladies Auxiliary to the United States Submarine Veterans Inc. has been established and is known as “Ladies Auxiliary of the United States Submarine Veterans, Incorporated.”, AKA "SubVettes". Any Base may adopt an Auxiliary at their own discretion; however, the adopted USSVI Bylaws must be approved by the District Commander prior to implementation. Membership in the Ladies Auxiliary must be limited to USSVI or SVWWII member’s Wives, Widows, Sisters, Mothers and Daughters not less than 16 years of age.
Holland Club.
Any Regular Member who has been designated “Qualified in Submarines” for fifty (50) years or more and who is either (a) a National Life Member in good standing, or (b) an annual member in good standing for five or more consecutive years, is eligible to become a member of the “Holland Club” within the organization. Holland Club members will pay no further National dues, but may be required to pay Base dues as per Base Bylaws.
The Holland Club was named after John Philip Holland an engineer who developed the first submarine to be formally commissioned by the U.S. Navy.
Member-at-Large.
The Base or National Membership Chairman may place any member, who once chooses, or is assigned to a Base, and who is a National Life Member or whose National annual dues are current, but whose Base dues are in arrears, in a category of Member-at-Large. Members-at-Large whose National Annual dues are current or who are National Life Members will retain National benefits (i.e. receipt of National magazine and voting on National issues). A Member-at-Large may affiliate with a Base at anytime by remitting Base dues. A Regular base member may transfer to Member-at-Large Status at any time by making a request to his affiliated base or to the National Membership Chair.
Chartitable Funds.
The USSVI Charitable Foundation (USSVCF) is administered by a Board of Directors made up of non-paid elected and appointed members. Expenses incurred by the Charitable Foundation are minimal and consist of expenses such as postage, certificates, website fees, stationary supplies, and informative brochures.
The foundation was approved for tax exemption under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code on December 5, 2000. To facilitate the many activities that may arise, the foundation is split into various dedicated funds.
American Submariner Magazine.
The American Submariner is the quarterly magazine published by USSVI and is a major benefit that all USSVI members receive. The purpose of the magazine is to keep the membership informed of organizational events the latest developments in the U.S. Navy's Submarine force. It also honors tradition, heritage, and service of all submariners, who proudly earned the designation "Qualified in Submarines", by regularly featuring articles about submarines, their crews, and missions conducted during past eras of World War II, Korean War, Vietnam War, and the First Gulf War.
In May 1969, the magazine Submarine National Review, came into existence to better establish communications and rapport within the submarine community, with Ken Walkington and Tom Rowan serving as co-editors. It was renamed American Submariner in December 1977. It reverted to Submarine National Review in January 1979 but in July 1991 it was renamed yet again to American Submariner but it retained the subtitle of National Submarine Review until 2000.
National Conventions.
Starting in 2014 National Conventions will only be held in even numbered years: 2014, 2016, 2018, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20211822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211822" title="Social Democratic Front">
Social Democratic Front

Social Democratic Front may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20211830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211830" title="Qesarat">
Qesarat

Qesarat is a municipality in the Tepelenë District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Qesarat, Iliras, Amanikaj, Toç, Anëvjosë, Koshtan and Kamçisht.

</doc>
<doc id="20211840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211840" title="Admiral Fitzroy Inn">
Admiral Fitzroy Inn

Named for Vice-Admiral Robert FitzRoy, The Admiral Fiztroy Inn is located at 398 Thames Street in Newport, Rhode Island, in the Newport Historic District.
History.
It was designed by architect Dudly Newton, and built in 1854. It served as the home of the Sisters of Mercy Convent for nuns of St. Mary's church from 1854 to 1924, and later housed the first private Catholic school in Rhode Island, St Mary's Academy from 1854-1924. Jacqueline Bouvier and future U.S. President John F. Kennedy were married in St Mary’s Church. 
The building was moved from the original site, to the current location of 398 Thames Street, in 1985. It now serves as the Admiral Fitzroy Inn.
Architectural style.
The principal architectural style is Gothic, and the secondary is Italianate (according to the Historic Building Data Sheet Rhode Island Statewide Survey Phase 1 and the National Register of Historic Places nomination form for Newport Historic District).
Features.
The eighteen rooms have decorative hand-painted walls. The Admiral Fitzroy Inn also has a conference room, a roof-top deck for guests, a small dining room, and a view of the ocean. There is off-street parking for guests. There are some antiques displayed including an original Admiral Fitzroy Barometer that hangs in the lobby.
External links.
“Rhode Island - Newport County” [http://www.nationalregisterofhistoricplaces.com/RI/Newport/districts.html]. National Register of Historic Places. National Park Service (retrieved 2008-11-14)
“Admiral Fitzroy Inn”. [http://www.admiralfitzroy.com/] (retrieved 2008-11-14)
“Wedding Details: Jacqueline Lee Bouvier and John Fitzgerald Kennedy Wedding”. John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum, [http://www.jfklibrary.org/] (retrieved 2008-11-12)

</doc>
<doc id="20211843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211843" title="Johann Adam Heckel">
Johann Adam Heckel

Johann Adam Heckel (1812–1877) was a German instrument maker. He founded the family firm in Wiesbaden-Biebrich in 1831, and became the foremost German bassoon maker, making many improvements to the instrument. His company, Wilhelm Heckel GmbH, is still regarded as one of the top makers of bassoons in the world today. The company also makes contrabassoons and heckelphones.

</doc>
<doc id="20211854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211854" title="Stag (film)">
Stag (film)

Stag is a 1997 film, directed by Gavin Wilding, made for HBO and later released theatrically after drawing large ratings. STAG features an ensemble cast including Ben Gazzara, Andrew McCarthy, Taylor Dayne, Mario Van Peebles, Lawrence Leritz, William McNamara, John Henson, Kevin Dillon, and Jerry Stiller. Produced by Lions Gate Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="20211856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211856" title="Krahës">
Krahës

Krahës is a municipality in the Tepelenë District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Krahës, Krahës i Sipërm, Zhulaj, Lulëzim, Levan, Allkomemaj, Kalivaç, Përparim, Leshnjë and Xhaxhaj.

</doc>
<doc id="20211859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211859" title="David W. Marsden">
David W. Marsden

David W. "Dave" Marsden (born April 5, 1948, in Alexandria, Virginia) is an American politician of the Democratic Party. He currently represents the 37th district in the Senate of Virginia which is a portion of Fairfax County. Since 2006 and prior to serving in the State Senate, he served in the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 41st district. Prior to his career in politics he spent 17 years as head of the Fairfax County Juvenile Detention Center until 1999. In 2000 Governor Jim Gilmore appointed him Chief Deputy and then Acting Director of the 2,700-person Virginia Department of Juvenile Justice. He then served for 6 months in the administration of Governor Mark Warner. 
On January 12, 2010, Marsden defeated Steve Hunt in a special Senate election to replace Republican Ken Cuccinelli who was elected Attorney General the previous fall. On January 13, 2010, Marsden was sworn in. An additional special election was held March 2, 2010 to replace Marsden in the Virginia House of Delegates. It was won by Democrat Eileen Filler-Corn. 
David W. Marsden graduated from W.T. Woodson High School in 1966 and Randolph-Macon College in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20211865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211865" title="Sphire Croid">
Sphire Croid

Sphire-Croid is the first studio album of the Japanese rock band Rentrer en Soi. It was released on 26 January 2005 in Japan and produced by Yukari, the vocalist of Baiser. On their debut full-length album, Rentrer en Soi take a much more mellow approach to their music compared to the band's later adapted, heavy metal influenced style.

</doc>
<doc id="20211872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211872" title="History of rail transport in Burma">
History of rail transport in Burma

Early construction.
Rail transport was first introduced in Burma in May 1877, when Lower Burma was a colony of the United Kingdom and a part of British India, with the opening of the Rangoon to Prome line by The Irrawaddy Valley State Railway. This line, 163 miles long, tracing the course of the Irrawaddy river, was built over three years with labor imported from India, particularly from the areas affected by the Bihar famine of 1873–74. In 1884, a new company, The Sittang Valley State Railway, opened a 166 mile line along the Sittang River from Rangoon to the town of Toungoo via Pegu. While the Irrawaddy line was considered to be of commercial importance because it could be used to move rice from the valley to the main port at Rangoon, the Sittang line was of considerable strategic importance because of the proximity of Toungoo to the border with Upper Burma, then a part of the Ava kingdom. This became evident at the start of the Third Anglo-Burmese War a year after the opening of the railway and during the unrest that followed the war. The construction cost for the two lines was £1,926,666 and the railway was profitable by 1888 returning more than 5% on the capital expenditure.
With the annexation of Upper Burma, the railway was extended by 220 miles from Toungoo to Mandalay, the fallen capital of the Ava kingdom with the extended railroad opening in 1889. Following the opening of this section, the Mu Valley State Railway was formed and construction began on a railway line from Sagaing to Myitkyina and connected Mandalay to Shwebo in 1891, to Wuntho in 1893, to Katha in 1895, and to Myitkyina in 1898. With the opening of this railway, a continuous 724 mile railway line ran from Rangoon to Myitkyina through the Kachin Hills except for a ferry crossing of the Irrawaddy at Sagaing. The Inwa Bridge at Sagaing, the only one across the Irrawaddy River in Burma, was opened in 1934, with two decks, one for road traffic and one for rail traffic. Destroyed by the British during their retreat from Burma in the Second World War it was rebuilt in 1954 after Burmese independence.
The Burma Railway Company.
In 1896, before the completion of the line to Myitkyina, the three companies were combined into the Burma Railway Company as a state owned public undertaking. Between 1898 and 1905 another 278 miles of railway was constructed. A 110 branch line from the Rangoon-Pyay railroad connected Bassein in the Irrawaddy delta to Rangoon and the Mandalay - Hsipaw-Lashio railway traversed 117 miles through the Shan Hills almost all the way to the border with China. The latter railroad included the Gokteik viaduct, a 2260 feet long, 320 feet high viaduct across the Gokteik gorge near Nawnghkio. When built, it was the longest such viaduct in the world. The track rises a continuous 1:40 gradient throughout its length and the viaduct, designed by Alexander Rendel & Sons and constructed by the Pennsylvania Steel Company was considered an engineering marvel at that time. The Mandalay-Lashio railway was to extend to Kunlong on the border, and then on to the Yunnan province of China (see Yunnan–Burma Railway) but the plan was abandoned because of the difficult terrain.
In 1907, a line was opened connecting Pegu and Moulmein, the original capital of British Burma (before the Second Anglo-Burmese War). The line went up to Martaban on the Gulf of Martaban at the terminus of the Salween River and passengers had to take a ferry to cross over to Moulmein. (It was not until the Thanlwin Bridge opened in 2006 that it was possible to go from Rangoon to Moulmein by rail.) Sometime after the First World War, a line was constructed between Moulmein and Ye at the northern end of the Mergui Archipelago. Meanwhile, the last major rail line constructed in Burma was between 1914 and 1918 when a line was built from Thazi on the Rangoon-Mandalay line to Kalaw, a hill station in the hills of the Southern Shan State.
In 1928, the Burma Railway Company was dissolved and the railways were brought directly under the government and renamed Burma Railways and, around this time, the railways began to lose money because of competition from road transport. With the return on capital declining, Burma Railways became the single biggest debt item when the financial separation of India and Burma took place in 1937. The coal, the rolling stock, engines, were all imported either from India or from Britain.
Burma Mines Railway.
In 1908, the Burma Mines Railway was completed, an 80 kilometres (50 mi) long Two foot and 600 mm gauge railways narrow gauge line from Namyao, on the Mandalay - Lashio branch of Myanmar Railways, via Namtu to Bawdwin.
The Siam-Burma Railway.
The British had long planned to construct a railway line connecting India with Siam (now Thailand) and China and British companies had surveyed the possibility of building a railway from Rangoon to the Yunan province to link up with a second line from Bangkok to the Yunan province but were unable to find financial backing for the project. When the Japanese conquered Thailand and Burma, they decided to build a railway connecting their South East Asian territories with Burma, partly to facilitate the movement of troops and supplies for the planned invasion of India. Since the Yunan was in the hands of the Chinese under Chang Kai-shek, they looked for a southern route to Burma from Thailand and settled on a line from Ban Pong to Thanbyuzayat across the mountains that separate the two countries. Since Thanbyuzayat was on the Moulmein - Ye railway line, and Ban Pong connected to Bangkok via Kanchanaburi, the line would provide a direct connection (with a ferry ride from Moulmein to Martaban) between Bangkok and Rangoon. The Japanese built the lines partly using allied POWs and it is estimated that 15,000 allied prisoners of war and 150,000 others lost their lives during the construction of the 245 mile railroad (at about 675 deaths per mile). The construction is partly memorialized in the film The Bridge on the River Kwai.
After independence.
In 1942, the country had 3313 route-km of meter-gauge track, but during World War II the Japanese removed about 480 km. By the end of the conflict only 1085 route-km was operational, in four isolated sections. After Myanmar gained independence from the UK in 1948, the rail network was rebuilt. By 1961 the network extended 3020 km, and then remained constant until the opening of a 36 km line from Kyaukpadaung to Kyini in October 1970. This marked the start of a construction and track-doubling boom, and by 2000 MR operated 5068 track-km divided into 11 operating divisions. Most of the routes are single track although large parts of Yangon-Pyay and Yangon-Mandalay routes are double-track.
Rail network extension activity.
1988: 
1989: 
1990: 
1992: 
1993: Three Lines Including 
1994: Two Lines Including 
1995: Three Lines Including 
1996: Four Lines Including 
1997: Two Lines including 
1998: 
2003: 
2004: Two Line including
2005: 
2006: 
2007:
2008: 
In December 2008, Myanmar Railways has total track of 5125 km, including double track section on Yangon - Mandalay.
Ongoing projects.
Projects begun in 2009:

</doc>
<doc id="20211874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211874" title="The Willows Academy">
The Willows Academy

The Willows Academy is an all-girls private school in Des Plaines, Illinois, USA, with its religious education under the direction of Opus Dei. The school is divided into the Middle School (6-8) and High School (9-12). There are approximately 250 students enrolled in grades 6-12, with about 25 students per middle school class and forty students per high school class. The original school was located on Vernon Avenue in Glencoe, IL. The second location was in Niles, IL.
The Willows Academy is the sister school of Northridge Preparatory School. The school is a member of the Illinois High School Association and the Independent Schools' League. The Academy was named one of the best 50 Catholic secondary schools in the nation in 2008 and is on the 2008 Catholic High School Honor Roll.
Mission.
The Willows Academy is an independent school for young women in grades six to twelve. The school provides a college-preparatory academic program which it claims to achieve in a "moral atmosphere complementary to that of the home and character formation designed to instill lifelong values". The Willows Academy is inspired by the teachings of the Catholic Church and the spirituality of the Prelature of Opus Dei.
History.
The school was founded in 1974 by a group of parents and educators in the Chicago area. They wanted to create a learning environment that would combine academic excellence, personal attention to each student, and sound moral rectitude in partnership with parents and guardians.
Academics.
The Willows Academy curriculum is based on the liberal arts. The Academy's low student-to-faculty ratio allows students to receive the full attention of the teachers. Willows keeps course enrollment small to maintain an intimate learning environment. Academic courses are taught at the honors or advanced placement level. Twenty-seven credits are required for graduation. The academic program meets the requirements of all major universities.
Athletics.
The Willows Academy has four sports that compete under IHSA regulations in the Class A division. The Willows offers a variety of athletics to girls in all grades. 
The Willows is associated with the Independent Schools League (ISL) and competes in inter-league volleyball, cross country, basketball, softball and soccer.
Middle School Athletics: Volleyball, Cross County, Basketball, Soccer
High School Athletics: Volleyball, Cross Country, Golf, Basketball, Swimming, Soccer, Softball

</doc>
<doc id="20211880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211880" title="Memaliaj Fshat">
Memaliaj Fshat

Memaliaj Fshat is a municipality in the Tepelenë District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Memaliaj Fshat, Vasjar, Cerrilë, Mirinë, Damës, Kallëmb, Kashisht and Bylysh.

</doc>
<doc id="20211889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211889" title="LaGrange Daily News">
LaGrange Daily News

LaGrange Daily News is a newspaper owned by Heartland Publications and published daily.

</doc>
<doc id="20211900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211900" title="Davit Gogibedashvili">
Davit Gogibedashvili

Davit Gogibedashvili (), also known as David Dephy is a Georgian poet, novelist and performer.
David Dephy was born on June 21, 1968 in Tbilisi, Georgia. In 1992 he graduated from Tbilisi State Academy of Arts. From 1995 to 2000, he collaborated with film directors Otar Ioseliani and Nana Jorjadze. In 2011, his short story "Before the End" was anthologized in "The Best European Fiction 2012", edited by Aleksandar Hemon. He participated in PEN World Voices Festival 2011 in New York, as a poet and novelist. He was in poetry Live show ‘The Second Skin’ with Laurie Anderson in New York with Yusef Komunyakaa and Salman Rushdie.

</doc>
<doc id="20211917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211917" title="Schaffer paragraph">
Schaffer paragraph

The Jane Schaffer paragraph is a five-sentence paragraph developed by Jane Schaffer, used to write essays. The paragraph only makes up one of many paragraphs in an essay, most of which have a non-Schaffer-like intro and conclusion. The structure is utilized because it is thought to help students who struggle with paragraph structure and is taught some U.S. middle schools and in early high school classes. As students move on, the Schaffer paragraph is no longer preferred as it hinders their own ideas and does not allow critical thinking.
Paragraph Structure.
A basic Schaffer paragraph begins with the topic sentence -- stating what the paragraph is about, then followed by a concrete detail, two commentary sentences, and a closing sentence. This is called a one-chunk body paragraph and is the most basic Schaffer model.
One of the key elements in the Schaffer program is what is called the "ratio." Ratio is the amount of Concrete Detail in a paragraph compared to the amount of commentary. In the above paragraph the ratio is 1:2. The actual ratio for response to literature is 1:2+, which means there must be at least two sentences of Commentary for each sentence of Concrete Detail like so:
Note that the ratio is still 1:2+ (At least twice as much Commentary as there is Concrete Detail)
Topic sentence/statement.
This sentence should state the main point of the paragraph and be straight to the point.
Concrete detail.
This sentence is the "what" sentence and is a fact that shows "what" is happening. It should be either facts, examples, illustrations, evidence, support, plot references, paraphrases, citations, quotations, plot summary, etc. It should be a concrete detail and should start with "'for example'" or a different transition.
Commentary.
There are two or three commentary sentences in each chunk. They contain no facts, rather, comments from the paragraph writer about the fact presented in the CD. This sentence contains analysis, interpretation, character feelings, opinions, inference, insight, reasons, or color commentator. It is important that the commentary explain how the concrete detail helps prove the writer's point (the TS).
General practice is that commentary sentences often start with a transition such as the following:
Concluding sentence / closing sentence (CS).
The Concluding Sentence (CS) is the closing sentence that wraps up the TS and sums up the paragraph. It closes up the thoughts and gives insight to the next paragraph. Emotional or connotative words are preferred here usually beginning with "As a result" or another concluding sentence.
Requirements.
General Schaffer paragraphs have some requirements as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20211927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211927" title="Astragalus clarianus">
Astragalus clarianus

Astragalus clarianus (orth. var. "A. claranus") is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common names Clara Hunt's milkvetch and Napa milkvetch. It is endemic to northern California where it is known from only four or five occurrences along the border between Sonoma and Napa Counties. It is a federally listed endangered species. 
Description.
This is an annual herb producing thin stems covered in tiny rough hairs. The plant reaches up to 12 centimeters tall. The small leaves are made up of a few pairs of oval-shaped leaflets. The inflorescence is a small cluster of 2 to 7 flowers. Each flower is about a centimeter long and has white petals with bright deep purple tips. The fruit is a papery legume pod around 2 centimeters long. It is tapered at both ends, hairy in texture, and it bears a sharp beak at one end. The plant was named for the California schoolteacher and amateur botanist Clara Adele Pike Blodgett Hunt.
Ecology.
This rare plant faces several threats, including invasive species, urban development, the establishment of vineyards in its habitat, grazing, trampling, alterations in the water regime, recreation, and road and airport maintenance activities.

</doc>
<doc id="20211945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211945" title="Mönchsjoch Hut">
Mönchsjoch Hut

The Mönchsjoch Hut (German: "Mönchsjochhütte") is a mountain hut located in the Bernese Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. At an altitude of is one of the highest huts owned by the Swiss Alpine Club. 
The hut lies just above the "Obers Mönchsjoch" (3,627 m), between Mönch and Trugberg, on the upper Aletsch Glacier. It is used for the ascents of Jungfrau, Mönch and other peaks of the region.
Access.
The hut is easily accessible by pedestrians from the Jungfraujoch railway station during the summer season by a secured piste on the glacier. However, during winter season it remains accessible only to mountaineers. It can also be accessed from the Konkordia Hut on the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20211954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211954" title="Ron Maurer">
Ron Maurer

Ron Maurer (born March 10, 1963) is a Republican politician from the U.S. state of Oregon. He served in the Oregon House of Representatives until January 2011. He represented District 3, which encompasses most of Josephine County, including the cities of Grants Pass and Cave Junction. He ran for Oregon Superintendent of Public Instruction in 2010, losing to incumbent Susan Castillo. Following the election he took a job as the Director of the Congressional Liaison Service for the Department of Veterans Affairs in Washington, DC
Early life and career.
A fourth-generation Oregonian, Maurer was born in Grants Pass and graduated from Oregon State University in 1985 with a bachelor of science degree in science education. He went on to receive a masters in continuing and occupational education from Kansas State University in 1989, and a Doctor of Education degree from Northern Illinois University in 1999.
From 1985 to 1994, Maurer was an officer in the United States Army, serving as a medical evacuation helicopter pilot and then in healthcare and hospital administration. Following his active duty service, he served in the United States Army Reserves from 1994 until his retirement in 2006. From 2001 to 2009, Maurer owned and managed the Rogue River Health Clinic in Rogue River with his wife and is a co-owner of Maurer Properties, LLC.
Political career.
Maurer served on the Grants Pass School District board from 2001 to 2004. In 2006, he was elected to the Oregon House of Representatives, representing District 3, defeating Democrat Howard Owens. In 2008, he was re-elected, defeating Democrat Julie Rubenstein and was elected Republican whip by his Republican colleagues.
In 2010, he ran for Oregon Superintendent of Public Instruction, losing to incumbent Susan Castillo in a closely contested election. He gave up running for reelection for the House in order to run for Superintendent and was succeeded by Wally Hicks.
Personal.
Maurer and his wife Sheila have five children. He lives in Annapolis, MD.

</doc>
<doc id="20211961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211961" title="Battle of Rimini (1944)">
Battle of Rimini (1944)

The Battle of Rimini took place in between 13 and 21 September 1944 during Operation "Olive", the main Allied offensive on the Gothic Line in August and September 1944, part of the Italian Campaign in the Second World War. Rimini, a town on the Adriatic coast of Italy, anchored the Rimini Line, a German defensive line which was the third such line forming the Gothic Line defenses. Rimini, which had been hit previously by air raids, had 1,470,000 rounds fired against it by allied land forces. According to Lieutenant-General Sir Oliver Leese, commander of the 8th Army:
Background.
On 23 August 1944 Eighth Army launched Operation "Olive", attacking on a three Corps front up the eastern flank of Italy into the Gothic Line defenses. By the first week in September the offensive had broken through the forward defences of the Gothic Line and the defensive positions of the Green I line and United States Fifth Army entered the offensive in central Italy attacking towards Bologna. In Eighth Army's centre 1st Canadian Corps had broken through Green II on the right of its front advancing to pinch out the Polish Corps on the very right of the army (and allowing the latter to be withdrawn to army reserve) but inland in the hills the Corps' advance had been held up by stubborn defence at Coriano and V Corps on the army's left flank had been halted at Croce and Gemmano. A new attack to clear the Green II positions in the hills and destroy the Rimini Line running from the port of Rimini inland to San Marino was scheduled to start on 12 September.
Battle of Rimini.
Just south of Rimini, attached to 1st Canadian Division, was 3rd Greek Mountain Brigade (, ΙΙΙ Ε.Ο.Τ.), a unit of mountain infantry formed by the Greek government in exile on 1 July 1944 in Lebanon under the command of Colonel Thrasyvoulos Tsakalotos. Near the village of Cattolica they pushed back two strong German attacks on 8 and 10 September. On 13 September the brigade, supported by the combined armour and infantry of B squadron, 20th New Zealand Armoured Regiment and 22 New Zealand Motor Battalion from 2nd New Zealand Division, launched a counter attack to take Rimini. Also supporting the brigade were infantry, mortars and machine guns from the Canadian Saskatoon Light Infantry (SLI) and New Zealand 33 Anti-tank battery fielding 17pdr guns.
The initial attack on 13 September saw the Greeks attacking two small farm settlements on the Marano road. The two settlements (Monaldini and Monticelli) were defended by 1st Parachute Regiment ("1. Fallschirmjäger Regiment") and some "Osttruppen" described as Turkomen (likely a Turkestani "Ostlegion" battalion from the 162nd Turkoman Division). The Germans were well prepared and held off the Greeks.
The following day 7 and 8 Troop of the B Squadron, 20th Armoured Regiment were added to the attack on Monaldini, while soon after a platoon from 22nd Motor Battalion aided the attack on Monticelli with the support of 5 and 6 Troops’ Sherman tanks. By 2000 hours the Monaldini farm had been taken, with only light casualties. The focus then turned to Monticelli, where the Greeks and New Zealanders once again attacked. The German defenders cleared out of the position as soon as the attackers approached and the farm was in Allied hands a short time later.
On 15 September the Greeks launched an assault on the Rimini airfield. The 1st Greek Battalion crossed the Marano River (a stream with only a gentle flow of water) at 1000 hours, and immediately came under intense fire from German positions around the airfield. The Greeks halted to re-organise themselves for an attack. C Squadron, 18th New Zealand Armoured Regiment relieved B Squadron 20th Armoured Regiment in the line supporting the Greeks. Air support was called in and Allied fighter/bombers attacked the western side of the airfield, and the Greeks attacked shortly afterwards.
The 1st Greek Battalion attacked the airfield itself, the 2nd Greek Battalion then attacked up the Route 16 road and the 3rd Battalion attacked the small village of Casalecchio.
The 1st Greek Battalion once more ran into stiff resistance from the airfield defenders. Fire from airfield inflicted heavy casualties on the advancing Greeks, however support from the New Zealand tanks and infantry was better co-ordinated as one of the New Zealand officers spoke Greek. The tanks were able to fire on each house lining the south of the airfield to ensure they weren’t occupied. As the Greeks and New Zealanders approached the defensive positions they came under fire from infantry, anti-tank rockets ("Panzerschrecks"), self-propelled guns, and emplaced Panther turrets. The heavy fire pinned the advance just short of the airfield. Meanwhile the tanks edged around a hedgerow to avoid the anti-tank fire, but soon found themselves at the forefront of the attack. A German self-propelled gun knocked out a Sherman, but the New Zealanders continued forward and knocked out enemy positions with high-explosives and grenades, forcing the Germans to withdraw from their positions. The crew of a Panther turret abandoned it during the night.
The 2nd Greek Battalion, on the right of the brigade, attacked up the Route 16 road, but became separated from their supporting New Zealand tanks. The Greeks were halted by mines and heavy defensive fire from the east side of the airfield and nearby houses. The 3rd Greek Battalion attacked the village of Casalecchio on the left flank, supported by New Zealand tanks and infantry. The little village stood on a crossroads with a few houses and a church. The Greek infantry quickly cleared the houses, but the paratroops in the church proved harder to move. The church was finally cleared when a combined attack by Greek and New Zealand infantry and tanks drove the paratroopers out. However heavy machine-gun and mortar fire from the airfield halted any further advance. The following day (16 September) the Greeks continued to mop up around the airfield, most of which they held, though one Panther turret was still in operation. The 3rd Greek Battalion advanced up the left through the hedges and ditches beyond Casalecchio until they came level with the 1st Greek Battalion in the centre. Their task was made difficult as they had occasionally to clear minefields and were under constant fire. The 2nd Greek Battalion advanced up the right flank of the airfield. Anti-tank fire was lighter than the previous day.
The following day (17 September) the three battalions continued their advance. Several attempts were made to knock out the remaining Panther turret with aircraft and artillery, but it finally fell to one of the New Zealand Shermans working around its flank. It fired several anti-tank rounds into the turret before the crew eventually evacuated. Once the airfield was taken the 3rd Greek Mountain Brigade turned its attention towards Rimini itself. On 18 September the 2nd and 3rd Battalions pushed on to Rimini, towards the coastal suburbs of the town. They encountered heavy resistance once again from the German paratroops, but with the aid of New Zealand and Canadian support were finally able to push into the outskirts of the town on 20 September. They pushed on into Rimini from the south, only to find the city abandoned by the Germans who had been forced to withdraw by the outflanking threat created by the fall of San Fortunato to 1st Canadian Division.
On the morning of 21 September the 2nd Greek Battalion reached the city centre via the Ausa River and raised the Greek flag on the balcony of the municipal building. At 7:45 of 21 September the mayor unconditionally surrendered the city to the 3rd Greek Mountain Brigade with an official protocol that is written in Greek, English and Italian.
The actions of the Greek brigade during the battle earned it the honorific title "Rimini Brigade" ().

</doc>
<doc id="20211978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211978" title="Dave Williams (Desperate Housewives)">
Dave Williams (Desperate Housewives)

Dave Williams (previously David Dash) is a fictional character in the ABC dramedy series "Desperate Housewives", portrayed by Neal McDonough and created by Marc Cherry. The character is a twice-widowed, mysterious man that was introduced in the fifth season premiere as Edie Britt's motivational speaker husband, and is the mystery star for season five.
Development and casting.
Neal McDonough's casting as Dave Williams was announced in July 2008. McDonough did not audition for the role, but was offered it after meeting with Marc Cherry. The series creator wanted McDonough to portray Dave after he saw the actor playing the role of David McNorris, an alcoholic County Asst. D.A. in NBC's short-lived crime drama "Boomtown", and thus wanted to see the dark side of David McNorris "infused in the dark side of David Williams". McDonough described his character as "this really sweet guy next door and then something tragic happens to him and his personality splits in half. You like Dave and you feel for him, but he also creeps the hell out of you." 
Half-way through the season, just after the death of Nicollette Sheridan's character Edie Britt was filmed, McDonough already knew that his character would last just one season, and though he hinted that Dave might return for a brief arc in subsequent seasons, this never happened.
History.
Season 5.
Dave convinces Edie to move back to Wisteria Lane and get her house back from her tenant. After paying the tenant to leave the house, Dave and Edie moved in. Edie announces to the women that she is married and introduces Dave. 
Outwardly, Dave seems refined and affable, but his darkness is quickly established: in a phone conversation with his psychiatrist, Dr. Samuel Heller, he says his rage is still with him, but there is only one unnamed person who needs to worry about it. Karen McCluskey immediately clashes with Dave after she insults Edie, resulting in her cat Toby's disappearance. Toby reappears only after Karen apologizes to Edie. Karen becomes suspicious and investigates Dave. His response is to immediately plant the seed that Karen is old and senile, and causing her a breakdown during her 70th birthday party, which results in Karen being taken to the hospital. Meanwhile, he has purchased another house in the neighborhood so that he could rent it at a reasonable rate to Mike Delfino - who has been living across town since his divorce - and started a band with Mike, Tom Scavo, Orson Hodge, and Carlos Solis. Karen reassumes investigation once she is released from the hospital with the help of her sister, and learns of Dave's regular contact with Dr. Heller. They reveal to him that Dave is in Fairview, and Dr. Heller immediately travels to Wisteria Lane, only to be strangled in the storage room of The White Horse Club, where Dave's band has entered a Battle of the Bands competition. Dave sets a fire that will burn slowly so that he will be onstage when it reaches the crowd, in order to cover the murder. Mike is knocked unconscious, and Dave re-enters the burning building to save him and is hailed a hero.
Dave begins to see vivid hallucinations of his wife Lila Dash and their daughter, Paige - the people killed in the crash that broke up Mike and Susan Delfino's marriage, and tells them he will make Mike pay. One night, Edie finds Dave in conversation with his hallucinations, and Dave reveals that he is a widower and struggles with the memory of his wife, and she kicks him out of the house for lying to her. A flashback reveals that Dave married Edie after learning she once lived on Wisteria Lane and never sold the house. Later, Edie decides she does not want to be alone and takes him back. Dave then plans a camping trip with Mike and his girlfriend Katherine Mayfair and tricks Edie into staying home. An encounter with a priest in a liquor store arouses Edie's suspicions, and she hears the name David Dash for the first time. She begins researching Dave's past, learning that it was not only his wife who died in the crash, but also the daughter he had failed to mention, and later discovers that Mike was the driver of the other car. Dave, Mike and Katherine leave for their trip, in which Dave tries to shoot Katherine with a hunting rifle to get revenge on Mike, but Edie texts him just as he pulls the trigger, distracting him and moving his aim. Dave returns home to a confrontation with Edie, who tells him she intends to warn Mike. Dave strangles Edie until she falls to the floor but stops before he kills her. Frightened, Edie flees their home, but is electrocuted after a car accident and dies. 
Susan checks in on Dave after Edie's death. Still unaware of Dave's true identity, she confides that she was driving the car the night of the crash but that Mike took responsibility because she had left her license in a different handbag. Dave turns his rage to Susan and determines to kill Mike and Susan's son M.J. Delfino in revenge for Susan killing his wife and daughter. He plans a fishing trip with Susan and M.J. and records a video for Mike, stating that he did not want to kill M.J. but that he had to. Mike accidentally watches the tape before his honeymoon, and phones Susan and reveals Dave's true identity. Meanwhile, the police have since identified the body of Dr. Heller and put all the pieces together. Dave arranges to meet Mike at the intersection where the accident in which his family was killed, so that Mike can hit Dave's car with M.J. and Dave himself inside. However, Dave changes his mind in the last minute after he hallucinates that it is his daughter in the backseat, and tells M.J. to get out of the car. 
Dave awakens, and the camera zooms in on his face, as he imagines saving his family by telling them to stay home. As the camera zooms out again, Dave is seen in a secure room at Boston Ridgegate Mental Facility.
Reception.
The character of Dave Williams received mixed to positive reviews. Matt Roush of "TV Guide" described Neal McDonough as "smoothly sinister" and his character as "mysterious and manipulative". Ken Tucker of "Entertainment Weekly" praised the casting of McDonough, stating that his "ice-blue eyes always look cyborg-ish — perfectly apt for his character". While reviewing the Red Hot Edition of the fifth season's DVD, Aaron Wallace from "DVDizzy" called the writers "storytelling savants", noting that revealing pieces of the truth helped to head off "the frustration that an ungratified audience can feel when questions abound but answers elude". In a review of the fifth season premiere, Tanner Stransky of "Entertainment Weekly" described McDonough as "always-creepy" and noted the power Dave holds over Edie. 
Stransky later reviewed the season finale and opined that Dave's plan was all about making Susan suffer, but himself too, as he felt responsible for letting his wife and daughter to go out the night they died. According to Stransky, this twist made "this somewhat bloated and too-long-gestating storyline more layered and dynamic."

</doc>
<doc id="20211999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20211999" title="List of Art Center College of Design people">
List of Art Center College of Design people

This is a list of alumni and faculty from the Art Center College of Design, a private design college in Pasadena, California, US.

</doc>
<doc id="20212012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212012" title="Order from Chaos">
Order from Chaos

Order from Chaos was an extreme metal band formed in 1987 in Kansas City, Missouri, USA by Pete Helmkamp, Chuck Keller and Mike Miller. They are recognised as being an extremely influential group in the early US black metal scene, and served as a launching pad for its band members that went on to form such groups as Angelcorpse, Ares Kingdom, Revenge, Vulpecula, and Kerasphorus.
Biography.
Order from Chaos, a trio consisting of Pete Helmkamp (vocals/bass), Chuck Keller (guitar) and Mike Miller (drums), was formed in Kansas City, Missouri during 1987, playing a mixture of old school thrash, black and death metal, influenced by the likes of Venom, Bathory and Celtic Frost. The band released a trio of demos in 1988, until a fourth ("Crushed Infamy"), which sold 1000 copies, attracted the attention of Putrefaction Records who released the "Will to Power" 7" EP, limited to 1100 copies. The band then signed a record deal with Wild Rags in 1989, who released cassette versions of the "Crushed Infamy" demo and "Will to Power". A final demo, "Alienus Sum", was released in 1992 by the band, featuring three rough mixes from their delayed debut album and a couple of rehearsal tracks; an official cassette version of the demo was released through Chilean label Hexateuc Torment.
Despite being recorded in April/May 1991, Order from Chaos' debut album, "Stillbirth Machine", was finally released in 1993 through Wild Rags, despite the label dropping the band in November 1992. Around the same time, the album was also released by Greek label Decapitated Records (now Unisound Productions). This version, which differs from the Wild Rags in terms of artwork and layout and contains numerous textual errors, is apparently considered a bootleg version by the band. The album was given official re-releases by Osmose Productions in 1998 (including the "Crushed Infamy" demo) and Nuclear War Now! in 2008 (on both black and clear yellow vinyl). The album has reviewed some critical acclaim; "Terrorizer" included it in their "top 40 death metal albums you must hear", at number 40. James Hoare commented, "The blasphemous babysteps of Peter Helmkamp, [...] Order from Chaos courted black metal's glass shards of spite and embittered, semi-mystical worldview in an ear when the two genres were defined by their opposition, setting down the foundations for further esoteric and impenetrable coupling.". 
A series of further EPs were recorded and released throughout 1994 on various labels ("Jericho Trumpet" on Gestapo, "Live: Into Distant Fears" on Eternal Darkness and "Plateau of Invincibility" on Shivadarshana), followed by a second full-length, "Dawn Bringer", on Shivadarshana, before the band decided to call it quits in 1995. After Shivardashana folded, French label Osmose picked up tracks recorded in 1995 for Order from Chaos' third and final album and released "An Ending in Fire" in 1998, as well as re-releasing their debut.
Pete Helmkamp went on to form death metal act Angelcorpse, as well as writing a book on occultism, entitled "The Conqueror Manifesto: Capricornus Teitan". Chuck Keller and Mike Miller went on to form retro black/thrash band Ares Kingdom and blackened death metal act Vulpecula. With interest in Order from Chaos still prevalent in the extreme metal underground, Merciless records released a compilation of demos, 1994 live tracks and rehearsal sessions, entitled "Imperium - The Apocalyptic Visions", in July 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20212017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212017" title="How Not to Die">
How Not to Die

How Not to Die: Surprising Lessons on Living Longer, Safer, and Healthier from America’s Favorite Medical Examiner is a book about safe and healthy living written by Jan Garavaglia, aka "Dr. G", who is Chief Medical Examiner for the District Nine (Orange-Osceola) Medical Examiner's Office in Florida.
The book was released on October 14, 2008 by Crown Publishing, a division of Random House. Using cases from her 20 years of experience as a medical examiner, Garavaglia identifies some lifestyle and behavioral choices that may result in premature death. She also offers advice on how to be smart and pro-active about one's health. The Library Journal has called the book “surprisingly entertaining.”

</doc>
<doc id="20212046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212046" title="Beni, Nepal">
Beni, Nepal

Beni, Nepal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20212047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212047" title="1981 Intertoto Cup">
1981 Intertoto Cup

In the 1981 Intertoto Cup no knock-out rounds were contested, and therefore no winner was declared.
Group stage.
The teams were divided into nine groups of four teams each.

</doc>
<doc id="20212052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212052" title="Henham Halt railway station">
Henham Halt railway station

Henham Halt railway station was a station serving the village of Henham, Essex. It closed in 1952.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20212059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212059" title="Amnaj Kaewkiew">
Amnaj Kaewkiew

Amnaj Kaewkiew () is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Bangkok Glass in the Thailand Premier League. He captained the side in the Asian Champions League in 2008.
He played for Krung Thai Bank F.C. in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.

</doc>
<doc id="20212071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212071" title="Turkey in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986">
Turkey in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986

Turkey was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, held in Bergen, Norway. 
The Turkish national final to select their entry, the "1986 Eurovision Şarkı Yarışması Türkiye Finali", was held on 15 March at the TRT Studios in Ankara, and was hosted by Erkan Yolaç. 
Four songs competed in the final. An "expert" jury of sixteen people decided the winner. However, at the end of voting, two of the four songs received eight votes each, causing a deadlock. To break the tie, the head of the jury ended up having his vote counted twice.
After the tiebreaker, the winner was "Halley," performed by the quintet Klips ve Onlar (Sevingül Bahadır, Gür Akad, Emre Tukur, Derya Bozkurt and Seden Kutlubay) and composed by Melih Kibar with lyrics by İlhan İrem.
National final.
Both winners of the vote are in bold. The eventual winner emerging from the tiebreaker is in gold,bold and italics.
At Eurovision.
Klips ve Onlar performed eighth on the night of the contest, following the Netherlands and preceding Spain. Before competing in Bergen, Seden Kutlubay was replaced in the quintet with Candan Erçetin. 
At the close of the voting the song had received 53 points, placing 9th in a field of 20 competing countries. It was the highest ranking Turkey had received in the Contest up to that time.

</doc>
<doc id="20212073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212073" title="Slingsby Falke">
Slingsby Falke

The Slingsby Type 61 Falke was a licence-built version of the Scheibe SF 25B Motor glider built by Slingsby Sailplanes. It entered service with the Royal Air Force for air cadet training as the Slingsby Venture.
Development.
In 1970 Slingsby acquired a licence to build the SF 25B as the Type 61A Falke, a side-by-side two-seat dual training monoplane. This first variant was powered by a 45 hp Starck Stamo MS1500 engine and first flew at Wombleton on 8 February 1971. During May 1971 one aircraft was evaluated by the Royal Air Force as the Venture T1 and an order for 15 aircraft followed. The aircraft were to be operated by Volunteer Gliding Schools for basic air cadet training. Following replacement by the Grob Vigilant T1 they were all sold in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20212082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212082" title="Tanat Wongsuparak">
Tanat Wongsuparak

Tanat Wongsuparak is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Air Force Central in the Thailand Premier League.
He played for Krung Thai Bank FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20212089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212089" title="Cecil Norgate">
Cecil Norgate

The Rt Rev Cecil Richard Norgate was the Anglican Bishop of Masasi from 1984 until 1992. 
Richard Norgate was born on 10 November 1921. His father was the Revd Cecil Francis Norgate, Rector of Great Casterton, near Stamford, Lincolnshire, from 1928 until his death in 1953. His mother died in 1928. He was educated at Stamford School and St Chad's College, Durham University where his study of Theology was interrupted by the war. After World War Two service with the Royal Navy, he was ordained in 1950. After a curacy at St Peter's, Wallsend he became a missionary priest with the Universities’ Mission to Central Africa in Masasi, Tanganyika. After long service he became Bishop of the diocese after no suitable Tanzanian-born candidate could be identified and after retirement continued to live in the country until his death on 7 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20212093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212093" title="Supachai Komsilp">
Supachai Komsilp

Supachai Komsilp (), is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Bangkok Glass in the Thai Premier League.
International career.
Supachai was called up to the national team, in coach Winfried Schäfer first squad selection for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="20212097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212097" title="Lopës">
Lopës

Lopës is a municipality in the Tepelenë District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Sinanaj, Matohasanaj, Dorëz, Dhëmblan and Lab Martalloz.

</doc>
<doc id="20212105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212105" title="Southwestern Michigan Athletic Conference">
Southwestern Michigan Athletic Conference

The Southwestern Michigan Athletic Conference (also known as the SMAC or the Big 16) is a high school athletic conference in Southwestern Michigan. It is composed of Class A and B schools from the MHSAA in Berrien, Branch, Calhoun, Kalamazoo, St. Joseph, and Van Buren counties.
Current Membership.
∗ - Leaving for the Wolverine "B" Conference in 2014-15
∗∗ - Leaving for new Interstate Eight Athletic Conference in 2014-15
History.
Early Days (1931)
The Southwest Michigan Athletic Conference was formed in 1931, consisting of St. Joseph, Niles, Dowagiac, Three Rivers, and South Haven. St. Joseph left in 1938 and then reappeared back in 1940. The official name of the conference has always been the Southwest Michigan Athletic Conference, but it's mostly been referred to as the "Big" followed by the number of schools in the league. Such as Big 5, Big 6, Big 8, or now the Big 16.
The 1970s
The league made its first big change in 1977 (then known as the Big 8) as (Battle Creek Lakeview, Holland, Kalamazoo Loy Norrix, Niles, Portage Central, Portage Northern, and St. Joseph) and Independent Kalamazoo Central made up the membership of the conference. Portage Central won the first football title (7-0) and advanced to the Class A State Final, losing to Birmingham Brother Rice 17-7. Not everyone played all seven games in the league for football (Niles only played five and Battle Creek Lakeview and Portage Northern played six). Everyone played a full league schedule for football in 1978. Portage Central also won the first Boys Basketball league title (11-3, lost to conference foe Loy Norrix in districts). This original alignment stayed until 1984-85.
There were some changes in store for the 1985-86 season. Battle Creek Lakeview and Holland left the conference to join other leagues. Lakeview rejoined the Twin Valley (which they would stay until the league folded) and Holland left to join the Ottawa-Kent Conference (currently playing in). With those schools gone, Independent Battle Creek Central and former Lake Michigan Conference member Benton Harbor. This lasted for several years (until 2000-01).
Big Changes
There was some talk in 2000 that the conference was going to expand into a super-conference. The longtime Twin Valley Athletic Association (at the time was the oldest conference in the State of Michigan) was going into peril as Albion, Hillsdale, and Parma Western wanted out of the conference due to several factors, mainly declining enrollment (Battle Creek Lakeview was a Class A and Albion was a Class C school) and performance athletically (the three above mentioned were in the bottom of the league as the bigger schools dominated the league). Independents Dowagiac and Stevensville-Lakeshore were struggling to find opponents (both schools were scheduling out-of-state opponents; Lakeshore played Rock Island, Illinois for one of their football games). And Mattawan's enrollment had outgrown the Kalamazoo Valley Athletic Association.
The expansion was approved and would start for the 2001 football season. But, there were several problems about this new "super-conference". Travel, strength of programs, and tradition were some of the problems that arose. Despite the problems, the new league added on five schools from the dissolved Twin Valley (Battle Creek Harper Creek, Battle Creek Lakeview, Coldwater, Marshall, and Sturgis; which made up the East Division), Mattawan from the Kalamazoo Valley, and Independents Dowagiac and Stevensville-Lakeshore. The league was split into three divisions listed below.
Problems and Change
Already problems arose. East-West crossovers were at least 90 minutes to two hours away (teams would get home till close to midnight on school nights), the Central Division schools were bullying on some of the smaller East/West Division schools (especially true for Dowagiac, which was the smallest school in the conference). 
In 2006-07, Dowagiac left the league to join the Wolverine Conference (along with Paw Paw, who also outgrew the Kalamazoo Valley). Also that year, Jackson Lumen Christi join the league for football only to make the league an even 16 teams (without Lumen Christi, one team in the league would have to go outside the conference every week). Lumen Christi played in the West Division for that season to replace Dowagiac's schedule (realigned to the East Division in 2007-08). With Dowagiac moving out of the SMAC, Mattawan moved to the West Division for the 2006-07 season to make three divisions of five teams each (didn't move to West in football until 2007-08 season). For the 2009 Football season (mainly due to cut down on travel), the league will go to two divisions as Battle Creek Central and Kalamazoo Central will move to the East Division and the remaining teams in the Central will go to the West Division. The league slightly realigned again in 2009 when Kalamazoo Loy Norrix moved from the Western to Eastern Division and Kalamazoo Central moved into the West Division. Even with Kalamazoo Central's two main rivals in the opposite division in football, the league allowed KC to keep playing Loy Norrix and Battle Creek Central during the first two weeks of the season. Kalamazoo Central's schedule does not allow them to play any games against the other schools in the Eastern Division. In other sports, the teams play each other, but as non conference games. With the boys basketball contest usually contested at Western Michigan University.
The leagues membership will reduce to 12 after the 2013-14 school year as Coldwater, Harper Creek, Marshall, and Sturgis are set to leave the SMAC for different conferences in time for the 2014-15 school year. Sturgis is set to move to the Wolverine Conference while Coldwater, Harper Creek, and Marshall are set to form a league in the Jackson area.

</doc>
<doc id="20212108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212108" title="Southern Illinois Salukis football">
Southern Illinois Salukis football

The Southern Illinois Salukis football team represents Southern Illinois University Carbondale in football. The Salukis are a member of the NCAA and compete at the Division I Football Championship Subdivision level (formerly known as NCAA Division I-AA). The Salukis are a member of the Missouri Valley Football Conference and play in Saluki Stadium on the campus of Southern Illinois University Carbondale in Carbondale, Illinois, which has a seating capacity of 15,000.
The Salukis are coached by Dale Lennon, who had previous success at the University of North Dakota.
History.
In 2007, the Salukis were victorious against Northern Illinois University. This marked the second consecutive year that SIU has beaten an FBS school in football. In 2006, the Salukis defeated Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana, 35-28. Becoming the first Missouri Valley Conference school to win against a Big Ten Conference member. SIU has been ranked in the Top-20 of the FCS Coaches Poll for 54 straight weeks. The Salukis have won 40 games since 2003, ranking 12th in Division 1 football during that time span.
Championships.
National Championships.
1983 - NCAA Division I-AA Champions, 43-7 win over Western Carolina.
Players.
All-Americans.
Cornell Craig is the schools all-time leading receiver and first receiver in school history to earn consensus All-American honors (1999). His senior season he led the nation in receiving with 77 receptions for 1,419 yards and 15 touchdowns. He also amassed over 2,000 all-purpose yards as a senior. His career numbers (all Saluki records) are 207 receptions, 3,508 yards, and 37 touchdowns. He was inducted into the SIU Athletic Hall of Fame in 2008 and is also honored on Missouri Valley Football Conference 25th anniversary team along with 3 other Salukis.
Home venue.
SIU Football plays at the new 15,000-seat Saluki Stadium, which replaced McAndrew Stadium, the home of Saluki Football since 1938. Saluki Stadium opened on September 2, 2010 when a sellout crowd of 15,200 watched the Salukis defeat Quincy 70-7.
The Saluki Stadium is part of the university's larger athletic facilities plan, known as "Saluki Way," a comprehensive plan to renovate and restructure the campus athletic facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20212119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212119" title="Mill Road Halt railway station">
Mill Road Halt railway station

Mill Road Halt railway station was a station between Elsenham and Henham in Essex. It closed in 1952.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20212127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212127" title="Kritsana Klanklin">
Kritsana Klanklin

Kritsana Klanklin is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Bangkok Glass in the Thailand Premier League.
He played for Krung Thai Bank FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.

</doc>
<doc id="20212141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212141" title="Hartford Public Library">
Hartford Public Library

The Hartford Public Library serves the city of Hartford, Connecticut. The library's main branch is located at 500 Main Street in downtown Hartford. The nine branch locations are named Albany, Barbour, Blue Hills, Camp Field, Dwight, Goodwin, Mark Twain, Park and Ropkins. All branches feature free public access computers and free wifi.
History.
The Hartford Public Library began in 1774 as the Library Company, started by a group of city leaders. The founding members included Jonathan Brace, Jeremiah Wadsworth, Daniel Wadsworth, George Bull, Elisha Colt, Theodore Dwight, George Goodwin, Chauney Goodrich and Thomas Y. Seymour. The Library Company was a subscription company and opened with some 700 books. The Library Company changed its name to the Hartford Library Company in 1799 and met in the Grammar School House, once located where the east end of the Municipal Building (Hartford city hall) is today. Its first librarian was Solomon Porter, a Yale graduate and principal of the Grammar School.
In 1838, Hartford resident and the first United States Commissioner of Education Henry Barnard organized lectures and debates for young men and called this association the Hartford Young Men’s Institute. They invited Hartford Library Company subscribers to join with them, offering them lifetime memberships. Library company members agreed and brought to the institute their collection numbering over 3,000 volumes.
In 1842, Daniel Wadsworth offered the Young Men’s Institute a stake in what he hoped would become the cultural center of Hartford. Members accepted and, in 1844, the Young Men’s Institute moved into the new Wadsworth Atheneum, eventually sharing space with the fine arts gallery, the Watkinson Library, The Connecticut Historical Society and the Hartford Art School. One of the Institute's most prominent librarians from 1846-1868, essayist Henry M. Bailey wrote in 1850 "Thoughts in a Library" about the mood there:
"It is a stormy evening: the rain patters on the roof
and beats against the windows. All without is cold and
cheerless, all within is pleasant and cheerful..." 
In 1875, the Young Men’s Institute hired Caroline Hewins as its head librarian. She was 29 years old. She held the position for 51 years, until her death in 1926.
The institute’s lecture series was well attended for a number of years. Guest lecturers included Oliver Wendell Holmes, Horace Greeley, Dr. Horace Bushnell, Rev. Henry Ward Beecher, Samuel Clemens, Charles Dudley Warner and Ralph Waldo Emerson. In the late 1870s the popularity of lecture series diminished. The institute noted: “We have a library, not an institute; its members are, at least half of them, ladies; and the men belonging are old as well as young; being therefore, not alone for the young, not alone for men, and not an institute but a library, it seemed time to call it by its right name.” In 1878, the private institution changed its name to the Hartford Library Association. 
By the late 19th century, the people of Hartford recognized the need for a free public library. An agreement was reached between Wadsworth Atheneum regarding property ownership. A request for funds went out to city residents so that the building could be modified with a new library wing added to the back of the original structure. Funds were also needed to pay for the ongoing maintenance of what was to become the new public literary. 
More than 2,000 people donated money to this project. Hartford native Junius Morgan pledged $100,000 from London; his son, J.P. Morgan, pledged $50,000 from New York; other large donors included Lucy Morgan Goodwin and her sons J.J. Goodwin and the Rev. Francis Goodwin; the Keney brothers; and, Hartford banker Roland Mather. Contributions were made by the employees of Colt’s, Sigourney Tool, Case, Lockwood and Brainard Co., Atlantic Screw Works, and many other factories. School children contributed nickels and dimes. 
Within two years from the start of the campaign, the city raised an amazing $406,000. On September 15, 1892, with the city appropriating tax monies for free library service, the doors of the new public library opened. On the first day, 388 names were registered; by the tenth day, 2,160 names were entered. On May 3, 1893, by a special act of the general assembly, the library’s name was formerly changed to the Hartford Public Library. 
Modern era.
The library today operates under the original charter granted to the Hartford Young Men’s Institute of 1839. The majority of the library’s operating cost now comes from the City of Hartford.
In 1957 the Hartford Public Library moved from the Wadsworth Atheneum into a new building just two blocks away. Designed by Schutz and Goodwin, the building at 500 Main Street included modern reading and reference rooms. 
In 1998, to fully meet the needs of the public, the library embarked on an ambitious expansion and renovation at a cost of over $42,000,000. It was completed in 2007. The 21st century Hartford Public Library and its nine branches are state of the art, fully computerized. 
Hartford History Center.
A unique feature of the Hartford Public Library is its Hartford History Center. It is the library’s specialized collection focused on the story of Hartford: its history, its authors, architecture, photographs, pamphlets, periodicals, books, postcards, trade publications, city directories, prints, posters and memorabilia. 
The holdings in the Hartford History Center include:
• The institutional archives of the Hartford Public Library
• The archives of the City of Hartford, from 1619 forward. Described by the state archivist as the most complete city records anywhere in the country.
• Noah Webster, the father of the American dictionary’s personal pamphlet collection of 93 bound volumes with his notes and comments.
• The Hartford Times photographic collection 1950-1976
• The Tony Bonee photographic collection 1940-1999
• Only complete minutes and records of Hartford’s Court of Common Council and Board of Aldermen, 1784 to present.
• The City Parks Collection, documenting the growth of the city park system from 1850.
• Records, drawings of the Engineering Department, Public Works Department, and Hartford Housing authority.
• Marc-Yves Regis photographic record of Hartford’s North End.
• Hartford imprints, pamphlets, books, 1777–present.
• Extensive postcard collection of Hartford, 19th-20th centuries.
• Extensive poster collection of Hartford events, performances, happenings and works by Hartford artists.

</doc>
<doc id="20212166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212166" title="Rotterdam Centraal railway station">
Rotterdam Centraal railway station

Rotterdam Centraal sɛnˈtraːɫ is the main railway station of the city Rotterdam in the Netherlands.
History.
The station opened June 3, 1847 as the Delftsche Poort railway station. This station was, however, no real central station. Trains from/towards Utrecht departed from Rotterdam Maas railway station and from 1908, Hofplein station served electric trains towards The Hague. Delftsche Poort and Maas station were destroyed in the Rotterdam Blitz. Thereafter, the railway to Utrecht was moved to the north, joining the line between The Hague and Rotterdam since 1953 via the west (remarkable, because Utrecht is to the east causing a long curve west of the station). The former Delftsche Poort station location was designated to become the location of the new Central Station. A station building designed by Sybold van Ravesteyn opened in 1957. On February 9, 1968, the station was expanded with a metro platform under the square in front of the station. The 1957 station closed on September 2, 2007 and has been demolished. The building became too small for the increasing number of passengers. During construction of the new station building, a temporary station was built next to the construction site, using the original platforms. Early 2013 the new public transport terminal was sufficiently completed to become operational, and replaced the temporary building.
The station currently has 13 platforms, many being island platforms. The station is on the Amsterdam–Rotterdam railway, Breda–Rotterdam railway, Utrecht–Rotterdam railway and the HSL-Zuid. There is a train/metro service under the station on Rotterdam Metro line D, and, as of 2010, on RandstadRail line E.
Destinations.
As it is one of the four main stations in the Netherlands it is well connected with cities all over the country. Major destinations include:
Amsterdam, Amersfoort, Bergen op Zoom, Breda, Dordrecht, Delft, Den Haag, Eindhoven, Gouda, Groningen, Haarlem, Hoek van Holland (Ferry to Harwich UK), Leeuwarden, Leiden, Middelburg, Roosendaal, Tilburg, Utrecht, Venlo, Vlissingen and Zwolle.
There are also international services to Antwerpen, Brussels and Paris up to 10 times a day.
Train services.
The following services call at Rotterdam Centraal:
Metro services.
Rotterdam Centraal currently serves as a terminus for metro line D, while line E trains continue further south to Slinge station, sharing the section between Rotterdam Centraal and Slinge with line D.
Tram services.
The station is served by almost all lines in the Rotterdam tramway network (4, 7, 8, 10, 18, 20, 21, 23, 24, 25 and 29).

</doc>
<doc id="20212173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212173" title="The Thomaston Times">
The Thomaston Times

The Thomaston Times is a newspaper published in Thomaston, Georgia and printed in LaGrange Georgia. After a change of ownership in June 2007, (Heartland Publications purchased The Thomaston Times from Crescent Media/Mid-South Management) * The Thomaston Times 

</doc>
<doc id="20212178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212178" title="1946 Roussillon Grand Prix">
1946 Roussillon Grand Prix

The 1946 Roussillon Grand Prix (formally the I Grand Prix du Roussillon) was a Grand Prix motor race held at Circuit des Platanes de Perpignan on 30 June 1946.
Classification.
Jean-Pierre Wimille and Raymond Sommer held the race until piston troubles show up and oblige the Maserati 4CL to retired. Since then, Wimille wasn't in danger to win the race.

</doc>
<doc id="20212192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212192" title="Refined coal">
Refined coal

Refined coal is the product of the application of a coal upgrading technology that removes moisture and certain pollutants from lower-rank coals such as sub-bituminous and lignite (brown) coals and raising their calorific values. Coal refining or upgrading technologies are typically pre-combustion treatments and/or processes that alter the characteristics of a coal before it is burned. The goals of pre-combustion coal upgrading technologies are to increase efficiency and reduce emissions when coal is burned. Depending on the situation, pre-combustion technology can be used in place of or as a supplement to post-combustion technologies to control emissions from coal-fueled boilers. A primary benefit of refined coal is the capacity to reduce the net volume of carbon emissions that is currently emitted from power generators and would reduce the amount of emissions that is proposed to be managed via emerging carbon sequestration methodologies. Refined coal technologies have primarily been developed in the United States, several similar technologies have been researched, developed and tested in Victoria, Australia, including the Densified coal technology (Coldry Process) developed to alter the chemical bonds of brown coal to create a product that is cleaner, stable (not prone to spontaneous combustion), exportable and of sufficiently high calorific value to be a black coal equivalent.
History and advantages.
United States.
The best known producer of refined coal is a company based in Denver, Colorado called Evergreen Energy Inc. The company is publicly traded and is listed on the NYSE Arca exchange. According to the company's web site and its Form 10-K on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, it was founded in 1984 with the goal of commercializing a coal upgrading technology first developed in a Stanford University laboratory by Edward Koppelman. Taking the K from Koppelman's name, Evergreen, known formerly as KFx Inc., branded its refined coal product as "K-Fuel."
Much of the coal in the western United States is known as "lower-rank" coal that falls under the categories of "sub-bituminous" and "lignite" coals. These coals have high moisture levels and can be 20 to 30 percent water. This relatively high moisture content when compared to "higher rank" coals like bituminous and anthracite coals make lower-rank coals less efficient. The average heat content of sub-bituminous coal consumed in the United States is approximately 8,500 British thermal units (Btu) per pound. The K-Fuel(R) process uses heat and pressure to remove approximately 30 percent of the moisture from raw, low-rank coal and raises its thermal content to approximately 11,000 Btu per pound. In addition to raising the coal's heat value, a significant amount, up to 70 percent, of the elemental mercury in the coal is removed and, because of its higher efficiency, lower chloride and nitrogen oxides emissions are achieved on a per kilowatt hour generated basis.
The advantages of the refined coal process are more efficient transportation and the ability of utilities to switch to a fuel made of 100 percent refined coal or a blend of raw and refined coals in order to achieve lower emissions and greater efficiency. A disadvantage is that the industry requires significant subsidies. An examination of government figures show that in 2007, for every megawatt-hour generated, refined coal received $29.81 in federal support, solar power received $24.34, wind power received $23.37, and nuclear power received $1.59.
Australia.
The producer of densified coal in Australia is a company based in Melbourne, Victoria called Environmental Clean Technologies Limited (ECT Limited) The company is publicly traded and listed on the Australian Stock Exchange exchange (ASX). The company was listed in 2005 with the primary purpose of commercialising the Coldry Process coal upgrading methodology first developed in the Chemical Laboratory of Melbourne University by Dr B. A. John in the 1980s. The name of the process derived from the Calleja Group, which acquired the technology in 1994 and developed the technology to pilot demonstration at Maddingley Mine, Bacchus Marsh, Victoria in 2004 before licensing the technology to ECT Limited for further commercialisation in 2005.
The State of Victoria contains approximately 25% of the world's known reserves of brown coal (lignite). This coal is also amongst the world's 'wettest' coal, with a typical moisture content of 60 per cent water by weight. High moisture content makes Victorian brown coal an inefficient fuel source and is the primary reason why the Hazelwood power station in the Latrobe Valley is regarded as the world's dirtiest coal-fired power station. The Coldry Process uses low-pressure mechanical shear to create a natural exothermic reaction within the coal that then naturally expels 80 per cent of the moisture content. Expelled moisture is then captured and recovered as distilled water. Victorian brown coal transformed by the Coldry Process has a raised thermal content of 5874 kcal/kg, which is comparable to most export-grade Australian black coal.
The advantage of the Coldry Processs is its ability to allow power generators to switch to a blend of raw as mined brown coal and Coldry pellets to achieve lower emissions in existing inefficient boilers, or achieve substantially less emissions by introducing black coal boilers and using 100 per cent Coldry refined coal pellets as a black coal equivalent. The Coldry Process provides the added advantage of creating new revenue streams for power generators through the production of a product that can be exported to other countries as a replacement for black coal. Unlike other refined coal processes, the Coldry Process is a commercial methodology that does not require subsidy.
Commercial development.
United States.
Evergreen Energy constructed a full-scale coal refinery near Gillette, Wyoming that began operation in late 2005. Designed originally to be a commercial plant, the facility encountered design and operational problems. Evergreen idled the facility in March 2008 and instead used the plant as a process development platform with its engineering, construction and procurement contractor Bechtel Power Corporation.
Evergreen is now seeking to construct a coal refinery using the improved Bechtel design at locations in the Midwestern United States and in Asia.
Australia.
Calleja Group constructed a full-scale 16,000 tonne per annum pilot demonstration plant at JBD Business Park at Maddingley Mine near Bacchus Marsh, Victoria that began operation in early 2004. From 2005 ECT Limited upgraded the facility, added a water recovery process with Victorian Government funding in 2007 and operated the plant as a process development platform with its engineering partner ARUP. In 2009 ECT Limited secured and agreement with Thang Long Investment Company (Tincom) of Vietnam to finalise commercial feasibility ahead of construction of a 2 million tonne pa export plant by 2014 and 20 million tonne pa export by 2020.
ECT Limited is using the ARUP improved design to secure technology licensing agreements with brown coal suppliers in China, India, Indonesia, Poland, Greece and Russia.
China.
GBCE has built and is now operating the world’s first industrial scale coal upgrading facility. It has capacity to process 1 MTPA of coal feedstock and is located in Holingol, Inner Mongolia, the largest lignite producing region in China. The coal is typically high moisture (35 – 40% TM) and 3200 – 3400 kcal gar. Depending on market requirements, it produces 5000 – 5500 kcal coal (gar) with greatly reduced moisture content (< 10% gar). The plant uses LCP coal upgrading technology which is a pyrolytic process that employs heat and pressure in an oxygen free environment to continue the coalification process that occurs naturally in the earth. The processed coal by this technology is hydrophobic and transportable which means it will not reabsorb moisture or break up into powder during transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="20212194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212194" title="Astragalus clevelandii">
Astragalus clevelandii

Astragalus clevelandii is an uncommon species of milkvetch known by the common name Cleveland's milkvetch. It is endemic to northern California, where it grows in moist areas of the North Coast Ranges. It is a member of the serpentine soils flora.
Description.
"Astragalus clevelandii" is a bushy perennial herb growing up to a meter tall. Its plentiful leaves are up to 14 centimeters long and are made up of many oval-shaped leaflets. The plant is mostly hairless, but the leaves may have rough hairs on the undersides. The large inflorescence is a spike of up to 100 small pealike flowers, each under a centimeter long. They are white or off-white in color. 
The fruit is a legume pod less than a centimeter long which dries to a thick papery texture.

</doc>
<doc id="20212195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212195" title="Kurvelesh municipality">
Kurvelesh municipality

Kurvelesh is a municipality in the Tepelenë District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Progonat, Lekdush, Gusmar, Nivicë and Rexhin.
History.
Ottoman.
In the early 20th century a "çetë"(armed band) consisting of 200 activists of the Albanian National Awakening was formed in Kurvelesh.

</doc>
<doc id="20212203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212203" title="Koné Kassim">
Koné Kassim

Kassim Kone is a professional footballer from Côte d'Ivoire, he former played for Bangkok Glass in the Thailand Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="20212205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212205" title="Don Collier">
Don Collier

Don Collier (born October 17, 1928) is an actor particularly known for his role in television westerns during the 1960s. He played U.S. Marshal Will Foreman in the 1960-1962 NBC series "Outlaws", with Barton MacLane (1902–1969), Jock Gaynor (1929–1998), and Bruce Yarnell (1935–1973). He appeared as a deputy marshal to MacLane in the first season of "Outlaws" and was promoted to full marshal in the second season, with Yarnell as the new deputy. MacLane left the series after the first season.
Collier was born in Santa Monica, California. His only sibling, a sister, died when she was thirteen. After graduation from high school, Collier joined the United States Navy at the end of World War II. Upon his return to California, Collier obtained a part in the 1948 film "Massacre River". The recipient of a football scholarship, he entered Hardin-Simmons University, a Baptist-affiliated institution in Abilene in Taylor County in West Texas. He transferred to Mormon-affiliated Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah, where he also played football.
Collier has made more than seventy film and television appearances. He starred with John Wayne, Robert Mitchum, Anthony Quinn, Dean Martin, Tom Selleck, James Arness, and Elvis Presley. After "Massacre River", he acquired roles in "Fort Apache" (1948) and "Davy Crockett, Indian Scout" (1950). 
Prior to his lead role in "Outlaws", Collier appeared in the first seasons of both CBS's long-running "Gunsmoke" (1955) and NBC's powerhouse western "Bonanza" (1959). He guest starred in 1957 in NBC's "Wagon Train" with Ward Bond during its first year on the air. One of his earliest television appearances was in 1952 in the syndicated "Death Valley Days" anthology series later hosted by Ronald W. Reagan. In 1964 he played the role of ski lodge owner Peter Hayes in the "Perry Mason" episode "The Case of the Fifty Millionth Frenchman." He appeared in 1965 in Chuck Connors' NBC western series "Branded". 
From 1967-1971, he was cast as Sam Butler, the ranch foreman, in sixty-two episodes of NBC's "The High Chaparral", a David Dortort series with Leif Erickson, Linda Cristal, Cameron Mitchell, Mark Slade, and Henry Darrow. In 1972, he appeared in George Peppard's NBC series "Banacek" and in CBS's family drama, "The Waltons". In 1974, he guest starred in the initial season of Michael Landon's NBC family western drama, "Little House on the Prairie". A decade later, he starred in the first season of Landon other NBC series, "Highway to Heaven", with co-star Victor French.
Collier's cowboy image enabled him to win the designation of the "Gum Fighter" for Hubba Bubba bubble gum. In 1989, he accepted the recurring role of William Tompkins in ABC's "The Young Riders", based loosely on the Pony Express (1860–1861). He has also been a sidekick of Fred Imus, younger brother of Don Imus, on Sirius Satellite Radio's weekly program, "Fred's Trailer Park Bash", until Fred's death on August 7, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20212212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212212" title="Nancy Gibbs">
Nancy Gibbs

Nancy Reid Gibbs (born January 25, 1960) is an American essayist and managing editor for "Time" magazine, a best-selling author and commentator on politics and values in the United States. She is the co-author with Michael Duffy of "The New York Times" Bestsellers "The Preacher and the Presidents; Billy Graham in the White House" (2007) and "The Presidents Club: Inside the World's Most Exclusive Fraternity" (2012).
Life and career.
Gibbs was born in New York, the daughter of Janet (née Stang), who worked at Friends Seminary, and Howard Glenn Gibbs, who was the associate national director for the Boys Clubs of America. She graduated from Yale University in 1982, "summa cum laude", with honors in history. She studied at New College, Oxford as a Marshall Scholar (M.A. in Politics, Philosophy and Economics).
She joined "TIME" in 1985 as a part-time fact checker in the International section. She became a writer in 1988 and has written more than 100 cover stories, including the black-bordered special issue on the September 11 attacks, which won a National Magazine Award in 2002. The Chicago Tribune named her one of the ten best magazine writers in the country in 2003; her articles are included in the Princeton Anthology of Writing, Best American Crime Writing 2004, Best American Political Writing 2005 and TIME: 85 years of Great Writing. She has been a frequent guest on radio and television talk shows, including the "Today Show", "Good Morning America", "Charlie Rose", and a guest essayist on the "NewsHour with Jim Lehrer".
In 1993 and 2006, she served as a Ferris Professor of writing at Princeton University. She is a former elder and deacon of the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church in New York City.
In October 2013, she became the first female managing editor of Time magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20212215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212215" title="Anon Boonsukco">
Anon Boonsukco

Anon Boonsukco is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Sisaket in the Thailand Premier League.
He has played for the Thailand national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20212222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212222" title="Qendër, Tepelenë">
Qendër, Tepelenë

Qendër is a municipality in the Tepelenë District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Dukaj, Salari, Turan, Mamaj, Veliqot, Bënçë, Dragot, Beçisht, Mezhgoran, Peshtan, Hormovë, Lekël, Kodër and Luzat.

</doc>
<doc id="20212234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212234" title="Mickey Reichenbach">
Mickey Reichenbach

Michael Neal Reichenbach (born in 1953) was a first baseman who is most notable for winning the 1975 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a sophomore at University of Texas at Austin. He hit .455 with three doubles and a home run to earn the honor. On the season, he hit .386. He is one of six players from University of Texas at Austin to win that award. The others are: J.L. Smith, Tom Hamilton, Calvin Schiraldi, Huston Street and David Maroul.
He was drafted two different times. The first time, he was drafted by the Texas Rangers in the 31st round of the 1975 amateur draft. He chose not to sign. When he was taken in the 14th round of the 1977 amateur draft, he did sign. He played three years in the minors, never reaching the big leagues. Professionally, he was used as a pitcher.
In 1977, he played for the Daytona Beach Islanders, going 3-2 with a 2.77 ERA in 10 games. He played for the Fort Myers Royals and Jacksonville Suns in 1978, going 6-7 with a 3.93 ERA in 15 games with the Royals and 2-1 with a 2.00 ERA in seven games with the Suns. In 1979, his final professional season, he again played for the Fort Myers Royals and Suns, and also with the Bakersfield Outlaws. For the Royals, he went 2-0 with a 2.25 ERA in four games. For the Suns, he went 0-0 with a 6.14 ERA in 10 games. With the Outlaws, he went 0-1 with a 24.30 ERA in five games.

</doc>
<doc id="20212236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212236" title="Peerapong Pichitchotirat">
Peerapong Pichitchotirat

Peerapong Pichitchotirat is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Chiangrai United in the Thailand Premier League.
He played for Krung Thai Bank FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20212249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212249" title="Kent Automatic Garages">
Kent Automatic Garages

Kent Automatic Garages were popular in a number of metropolitan areas from the late 1920s through the early 1960s. They enabled customers to park their cars for an hour or longer with a standard rate of $.50 per hour for the first two hours, and $.05 for each additional hour or fraction thereof, for a twenty-four hour period. One of the first Kent Automatic Garages was at 44th Street, just east of 3rd Avenue and the other a block west of Columbus Circle. The parking facilities were convenient, beginning with electric automatic parkers which received vehicles. Autos could be stored and returned to patrons at a moment's notice. Specifically, cars were handled by an electric "parker", a small rubber- tired machine which ran beneath the auto and engaged with the rear axle by means of a rubber-cleated coupler. The parker required approximately fifteen seconds to move sixty feet from an elevator, lift the car, and return with it. It saved time by bringing a car from its parking space and returning it to the ground floor, without starting the motor. The auto rolled on its own wheels but was moved by the parker.
Business chronology.
Kent Automatic Garages were financed by the Kent Garage Investing Corporation of New York.
In 1928 the Packard Motor Company sold a plot 100 by 140 feet on the corner of Ninth Avenue which was made into a twenty-five story Kent Automatic Garage at the northeast corner of Ninth Avenue and 61st Street. The building was a likeness of the Kent Grand Central Station Garage. The land adjoined the Packard showrooms and sold for $600,000. The garage held 1,000 cars.
By December 1930 had erected a twenty-eight story garage on Quincy Street in Chicago, Illinois, with space for 1,200 cars. The Wabash-Harrison Garage was built in connection with the $15,000,000 Carew Tower in Cincinnati, Ohio. This included a combination 650-room hotel and a 750-car Kent garage. Contracts for equipment and the erection of a $2,000,000 parking garage in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, had been signed.
The Kent Automatic Garage at 209 "-" 211 East 43rd Street through to 208 "-" 210 East 44th Street was sold in a foreclosure sale by Joseph P. Day, on November 13, 1931. The property brought $60,000 above liens which totaled $700,000. The plaintiff, Fred T. Ley & Co., was the purchaser.
Decline following World War II.
The post World War II boom in the production of large autos cut the capacity of the garages in half. One East Side (Manhattan) garage became an office building in 1964. The twenty-five story block-through facility at 211 East 43rd Street, east of 3rd Avenue, opened as a Kent Garage in 1928. It had three entirely automatic elevators and space for eight hundred pre-World War II smaller cars. Louis C. Kay bought the property in 1960. He reduced it to a shell of brick walls and a steel framework. It was converted into a modern office building with a seven-story extension which had a glazed facade. The extension possessed a lobby and additional office space. 

</doc>
<doc id="20212250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212250" title="Nikolay Varbanov">
Nikolay Varbanov

Nikolay Varbanov (in ) (born June 6, 1985, in Lyaskovets, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian professional basketball player. He currently plays with BC Levski Sofia of the NBL-Bulgarian Basketball League. He plays the center position. He is 2.09 m in height. Varbanov is a member of Bulgaria national basketball team.
Awards and Achievements.
Bulgarian Cup Semifinals -04, 08, 11
Bulgarian League Semifinals -04, 06, 08, 11
Bulgarian U20 National Team -05
European Championships U20 Div.B in Varna -05 (Champion): 8 games: 4.4ppg, 3.3rpg
Bulgarian National Team -05-07, 08, 10-11-13
Bulgarian League All-Star Game -07, 11
Bulgarian Cup Finalist -07, 09, 13
Bulgarian League Regular Season Runner-Up -08
Bulgarian League Regular Season Champion -09, 10
Bulgarian League Champion -09, 10
Bulgarian University National Team -09
European Championships in Lithuania -11: 5 games: 2.8ppg, 2.4rpg
Estonian Cup Finalist -12

</doc>
<doc id="20212265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212265" title="Estonian Maritime Museum">
Estonian Maritime Museum

The Estonian Maritime Museum () is located in the Fat Margaret tower in the old town of Tallinn. The museum presents history of ships and navigation in Estonia and related to Estonia. Other parts of the Maritime Museum are the mine museum and the Seaplane Harbour where museum ships are presented.
Fat Margaret.
Fat Margaret was built in the early 16th century (from 1511 to 1530) during the reconstruction of the medieval city gate system. The etymology of the tower's name derives from the fact that it was the largest part of the city's fortifications with walls measuring 25 meters in diameter, 20 meters in height and up to 5 meters thick. Apart from being a fortification against would-be invaders to the port of the town, it was also built to impress outside visitors arriving by sea. 
The tower is a defensive structure at the end of "Pikk tänav" (Pikk Street). Together with the "Suur Rannavärav" (Great Coastal Gate), a sixteenth-century arch flanked by two towers, it served to defend the harbour of Tallinn. Later, it was used as a storehouse for gunpowder and weapons, and then transformed into a prison, and was the scene of an outbreak of violence during the 1917 Revolution, when the prison guards were murdered by a mob of workers, soldiers and sailors. 
The tower now serves a more peaceful function of housing the Estonian Maritime Museum which looks at the nation's seafaring history with a collection of nautical paraphernalia that spreads over four stories and a view of the old town and Tallinn's harbour and bay from its rooftop viewing platform.
Exhibitions.
Present exhibits include 

</doc>
<doc id="20212275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212275" title="Buz, Albania">
Buz, Albania

Buz is a municipality in the Tepelenë District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Buz, Kalemaj, Badër, Kurtjez, Golemaj, Arrëz e Vogël, Shalës, Xhafaj, Gllavë, Selckë, Selckë e Vogël, Komar and Bardhaj.
A statue can be found there for Tafil Buzi (1792-1844).

</doc>
<doc id="20212278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212278" title="Supachai Phupa">
Supachai Phupa

Supachai Phupa is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Bangkok Glass in the Thailand Premier League. He is the twin brother of Surachet Phupa
He played for Krung Thai Bank FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.

</doc>
<doc id="20212284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212284" title="Otto Groß">
Otto Groß

Otto Groß (born January 12, 1890, date of death unknown) was a German backstroke swimmer who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Karlsruhe.
In 1912 he finished fifth in the 100 metre backstroke competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20212336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212336" title="Astragalus coccineus">
Astragalus coccineus

Astragalus coccineus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name scarlet milkvetch. It is native to the deserts, scrub, and chaparral of the Southwestern United States in Arizona, California, and Nevada, and in northwestern Mexico. 
Description.
"Astragalus coccineus" is a clumpy perennial herb coated thickly in white hairs. Leaves are up to 10 centimeters long and are made up of oblong, pointed leaflets. The plant can be distinguished from most other milkvetches by its large, bright scarlet flowers. The inflorescence has up to 10 flowers each 3 to 4 centimeters long, or longer. 
The fruit is a plump legume pod which dries to a hairy, leathery texture. It is up to 4 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20212340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212340" title="Pradit Sawangsri">
Pradit Sawangsri

Pradit Sawangsri () is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Police United FC in the Thailand Premier League.
He played for Krung Thai Bank FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.

</doc>
<doc id="20212341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212341" title="Per Cederblom">
Per Cederblom

Per Axel Hjalmar Cederblom (May 22, 1901 – January 23, 1987) was a Swedish breaststroke swimmer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Gothenburg.
In 1920 he finished fifth in the 400 metre breaststroke competition. He also participate in the final of the 200 metre breaststroke event but he did not finish the race.

</doc>
<doc id="20212352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212352" title="Fueguino">
Fueguino

Fueguino, also known as Cook, is a cluster of lava domes and pyroclastic cones located on Cook Island, Tierra del Fuego, Chile. This volcanic group lies south of the Magallanes-Fagnano Fault, on the Scotia Plate.

</doc>
<doc id="20212357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212357" title="Kraikiat Beadtaku">
Kraikiat Beadtaku

Kraikiat Beadtaku is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Chainat in the Thailand Premier League.
Kraikiat played for the Thailand national football team in the 1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship and also played for the senior side in the 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifying rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="20212359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212359" title="People's Front of Yugoslavia">
People's Front of Yugoslavia

People's Front of Yugoslavia was an organization of antifascist and democratic masses of nations of Yugoslavia. The idea of its creation sprang up in the 1930s, especially during the May 5, 1935 parliamentary elections in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
At the Plenary Meeting of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia in June 1935 held in the city of Split (Dalmatia) it was concluded to form the Front of National Freedom. Also it was concluded that Fascism could be defeated by the joint efforts of proletariat, peasantry, nationally oppressed and all democratic and progressive layers of society. The basis for the Front of the People's Freedom would be the Communist Party of Yugoslavia joined by the trade unions, "left wings" of the peasant parties, youth, university students, cultural, educational, sports societies, different professional associations and national liberation movements under the auspices of civic parties. The main platform was:
The Communist Party of Yugoslavia comprehended the People's Front (NF) as a political platform for the approaching of masses with its ideas and as a method of alliance with other opposition parties like civic, republican and democratic bourgeois parties.
The Communist Party of Yugoslavia was banned from political life of the country but remained seized with the matter of creating a singular People's Front up to the beginning of the World War II.
At the conference in Stolice (Serbia) it was concluded that the antifascist movement should be transformed to a United People's Liberation Front of Yugoslavia.
Each of the future republics and autonomous provinces had its own People's Liberation Front.
National front of republics and provinces.
The first congress of the People's Front of Yugoslavia was held in Belgrade from August 5 to August 7, 1945. The Programme and the Statute of the National Front of Yugoslavia were passed. Edvard Kardelj gave the main guidelines for the NFY in his seminary which described the NFY as "the sole of the Nation, its reflection, its heroic uprising, its greatest majority – that it is – the Nation itself".
At the fourth congress of the NFY it changed its name to the Socialist Alliance of the Working People of Yugoslavia. The congress accepted the proposal of the sixth congress of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia to have the name changed at the fourth congress of the National Front of Yugoslavia, held in Belgrade from February 22 to February 25, 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20212361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212361" title="List of Duckman episodes">
List of Duckman episodes

The following is a list of episodes of the adult animated sitcom "Duckman", which ran from October 22, 1994 to September 6, 1997 on the USA Network.

</doc>
<doc id="20212368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212368" title="Tada Keelalay">
Tada Keelalay

Tada Keelalay is a professional footballer born in Thailand. He currently plays for Phetchaburi in the Regional League Division 2.
He had made several appearances for the Thailand national football team, including one qualifying match for the 2006 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20212376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212376" title="Morane-Saulnier MS.130">
Morane-Saulnier MS.130

__NOTOC__
The Morane-Saulnier MS.129 and its derivatives in the MS.130 series were a family of military trainer aircraft produced in France in the 1920s. They were conventional, parasol-wing monoplanes with open cockpits in tandem and fixed tailskid undercarriage. The initial version, the MS.129, was produced in small numbers for the Romanian Air Force and civil users, but the major production version was the MS.130, which equipped the French Navy and a number of foreign air arms. 
The second MS.130 prototype was flown to victory by Michel Detroyat in the 1929 Coupe Michelin, with an average speed of 190 km/h (120 mph).
The MS.130 was further developed as the MS.230, and at least two MS.130s were later rebuilt to this new standard.
Variants.
The MS.137, MS.138, and MS.139 were of a different design, and not related to the MS.130.

</doc>
<doc id="20212377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212377" title="The Best of Silkk the Shocker">
The Best of Silkk the Shocker

The Best of Silkk the Shocker is a compilation album released by Priority Records containing the greatest hits of rapper Silkk the Shocker. It was released on October 4, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20212388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212388" title="Sarawut Kambua">
Sarawut Kambua

Sarawut Kambua is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Bangkok United in the Thailand Premier League.
He played for Krung Thai Bank FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.

</doc>
<doc id="20212405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212405" title="Mongkol Tossakrai">
Mongkol Tossakrai

Mongkol Tossakrai is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Army United in the Thai Premier League.
He played for Krung Thai Bank F.C. in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.
International Career.
In 2013 Mongkol was called up to the national team by Surachai Jaturapattarapong to the 2015 AFC Asian Cup qualification.
In October, 2013 he debut for Thailand in a friendly match against Bahrain, as a substitute. in October 15, 2013 Mongkol came in as a substitute against Iran in the 2015 AFC Asian Cup qualification. He scored his first international goal against Kuwait in November 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20212409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212409" title="Olle Dickson">
Olle Dickson

Olof Elis "Olle" Dickson (January 16, 1901 – June 6, 1995) was a Swedish breaststroke swimmer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Gothenburg and died in Stockholm.
In 1920 he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 200 metre breaststroke competition as well as in the semi-finals of the 400 metre breaststroke event.

</doc>
<doc id="20212414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212414" title="France in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986">
France in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986

France was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, held in Bergen, Norway.
The French national final to select their entry, "L'Eurovision 1986", was held on 22 March at the SFP Studios in Paris, and was hosted by Patrice Laffont, a famous game show host well known for hosting "Des chiffres et des lettres".
Fourteen songs made it to the national final, which was broadcast by Antenne 2 across France and to the overseas departments. The winner was decided by a sample of television viewers who were telephoned at random and asked their opinion of each song.
The winning entry was "Européennes," performed by the quartet Cocktail and composed by Georges Costa and Michel Costa.
At Eurovision.
Before performing at Bergen, Cocktail changed their name to Cocktail Chic. They were the third act on the night of the Contest, following Yugoslavia and preceding Norway. At the close of the voting the song had received 13 points, placing 17th in a field of 20 competing countries. At the time it was the worst placing for France in the Contest's history.

</doc>
<doc id="20212420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212420" title="Death of a Cad">
Death of a Cad

Death of a Cad is a mystery novel by M. C. Beaton (Marion Chesney), first published in 1987. It is the second novel in this series, set in the fictional village of Lochdubh, Northern Scotland, featuring the local constable Hamish Macbeth.
Plot introduction.
When Captain Bartlett, one of the house guests at Trommel Castle, dies, the police are quick to call it an accident. Only Hamish Macbeth remains convinced it was murder, and it is Hamish who solves the crime.
Plot.
Priscilla Halburton-Smythe returns from London to her family home, Trommel Castle, in the fictional village of Lochdubh in Northern Scotland. Accompanying Priscilla is Henry Withering, to whom she has recently become engaged. Henry, a committed Communist in his youth, has recently written a play which has enjoyed great success in London's West End. The play, an old fashioned farce, is at odds with Henry's previously unsuccessful political plays and has made him a very rich man and a popular celebrity. Priscilla's parents have invited a number of guests to a house party to celebrate the engagement. The guests are very keen to meet Henry and invitations are much sought after. The villagers of Lochdubh are delighted that the well liked Priscilla is to be married—with the exception of Hamish Macbeth, the local policeman. Priscilla is the love of his life.
Handsome Captain Bartlett, the cad of the title, is one of the guests. During the house party, he offends all of the guests with his boorish behaviour, seduces three women (each of whom believes herself to be the one he loves) and enters into a dubious bet based upon shooting a grouse. He is found dead, apparently the victim of an accident with a shotgun, or possibly a suicide. No-one regrets his death, as each guest has been subjected to Bartlett's callous rudeness either at the party or in the past.
Hamish Macbeth's suspicions that Captain Bartlett has been murdered meet with scorn from his archenemy, Chief Inspector Blair, of the fictional Strathbane Police and Priscilla's snobbish father, Colonel Halburton-Smythe. As the house party guests are all "posh" people, both Blair and the Colonel deem the village copper's involvement in the affair inappropriate. Hamish remains convinced he is dealing with murder and that one of the house guests is responsible.
With his usual disregard for authority, Hamish follows his instincts and uses his knowledge of the local community to elicit information that eludes the hectoring, bullying Blair. It is murder and Hamish reveals who has taken the time and the trouble to perpetrate the death of a cad.

</doc>
<doc id="20212422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212422" title="Edwin Wood (cricketer)">
Edwin Wood (cricketer)

Edwin Wood (born November 25, 1868) was an English cricketer. He was a wicket-keeper who played for Leicestershire. He was born in Wymeswold. 
Wood's only first-class appearance came during the 1907 season, against Surrey. From the tailend, he scored a single run in the first innings in which he batted and a duck in the second innings.

</doc>
<doc id="20212433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212433" title="Uncial 0166">
Uncial 0166

Uncial 0166 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 5th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Acts of the Apostles 28:30-31 (recto); James 1:11 (verso), on the fragment of one parchment leaf (5 cm by 7.4 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 28 lines per page, in small uncial letters.
It has breathings and accents.
The fragment contains 9 lines with 99 letters from 219 original. 
Kurt Aland the Greek text of this codex placed in Category III.
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
The manuscript was found in Egypt. It is the last uncial manuscript added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Gregory.
The codex currently is housed at the University of Heidelberg (Pap. 1357) in Heidelberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20212440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212440" title="Gymnopilus validipes">
Gymnopilus validipes

Gymnopilus validipes is a widely distributed mushroom of North America and Europe. "Gymnopilus validipes" contains the hallucinogens psilocybin and psilocin. The mild taste of this mushroom stands in contrast to closely related bitter species. "Validipes" means "having a robust stalk."
"Gymnopilus validipes" contains about 0.12% psilocybin.
Habitat and formation.
"Gymnopilus validipes" is found growing gregarious to cespitose on tree stumps, hardwood logs and debris, widespread in the United States, common from the Great Lakes and eastward. 

</doc>
<doc id="20212441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212441" title="Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy">
Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy

The Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy (IATP) is a non-profit research and advocacy organization that promotes sustainable food, farm, and trade systems. IATP has offices in Minneapolis, Minnesota and Geneva, Switzerland, and operates both locally and internationally.
Areas of work.
IATP works to integrate sustainability throughout the food and farm system, from supporting farmers and the environment to securing universal access to healthy food. IATP identifies the impact trade agreements have on farmers, consumers and the environment, while promoting a fair trade system that supports locally based development, labor and human rights, and democratic institutions. IATP develops alternative economic models that integrate environmental sustainability into rural development.
Timeline highlights.
1987: IATP launches the Sustainable Agriculture Computer Network with email, access to shared data and research, news wire services, electronic conferencing and bulletin boards.
1990: IATP distributes "Trading Away Our Future", a video on how General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) affects American agriculture policy, to over 1,000 local organizers, opinion leaders and teachers.
1991: In New York, IATP conducts trainings and strategy coordination for 20 coalition partners in preparation for the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
1992: United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, more commonly known as the Earth Summit, meets in Rio de Janeiro; IATP co-hosts the Global Forum on the GATT at the summit.
1995: IATP holds a series of events nationwide with surviving founders of Bretton Woods and United Nations institutions, resulting in a of twenty essays by the participants.
1996: IATP forms Peace Coffee in partnership with Guatemala’s Nobel Peace Prize winner Rigoberta Menchu.
1997: IATP incorporates TransFair USA, the first U.S. fair-trade certification body.
1998: IATP marks the 50th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights with an event in New York with Jesse Jackson, John Sweeney and others.
2000: With six other groups, IATP launches Genetically Engineered Food Alert to challenge the use of genetically engineered crops in food. IATP launches Trade Information Project in Geneva to serve as an information clearinghouse on the World Trade Organisation (WTO) for NGOs around the world.
2001: IATP created the Eat Well Guide, an online directory of sustainably raised meat, poultry, dairy and eggs available from North American farms, stores, restaurants and online merchants.
2005: IATP publishes a critique of the U.S. food aid system for undercutting local food systems in poor countries. The WTO holds its sixth ministerial in Hong Kong. IATP helps to organize the Fair Trade Fair and Symposium near the WTO meeting, to highlight the fair trade system for WTO delegates.
2006: IATP publishes a report, summarized in "The New York Times", on the incidence of arsenic in U.S. poultry products.
2008: John Nichols of The Nation designated IATP the "Most Valuable Policy Group" in his Most Valuable Progressives of 2008 list. The Food and Society Fellows program moves to IATP, bringing together chefs, farmers, nutritionists, activists, public health professionals, fishers, policy experts and academics who work to create sustainable food systems.
2009: IATP released a report, Not So Sweet: Missing Mercury and High Fructose Corn Syrup, that examined the presence of mercury in high fructose corn syrup.
History.
Minnesota Secretary of State Mark Ritchie returned to the United States from a 1986 Geneva meeting and incorporated the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy as a nonprofit, tax-exempt organization, with the mission of fostering sustainable rural communities. In 1987, IATP began to organize and report on the newly launched round of international trade negotiations being conducted by the GATT, which eventually became the WTO. The rules of agricultural trade set in the GATT and implemented at the WTO have deeply influenced national and local farm policies around the globe over the last two decades.
In the 1990s, IATP expanded beyond its initial focus on international policymaking institutions like the WTO, and regional free trade agreements like the North American Free Trade Agreement, to include the promotion of positive alternatives to economically, socially and environmentally destructive agricultural and trade practices. For example, with the Center for Agriculture and the Environment in the Netherlands, IATP developed tools to help U.S. farmers increase their income by reducing on-farm fertilizer use.
Jim Harkness became IATP’s new president in 2006, after spending the previous 16 years in China, most recently as the Executive Director for the World Wildlife Fund in China.

</doc>
<doc id="20212445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212445" title="Yuttana Chaikaew">
Yuttana Chaikaew

Yuttana Chaiyakaew is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for PTT Rayong in the Thai Premier League.
He played for Krung Thai Bank FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.

</doc>
<doc id="20212455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212455" title="Łódź Regional Assembly">
Łódź Regional Assembly

The Łódź Regional Assembly () is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of Łódź, Poland. It is a unicameral body consists of thirty-six councillors elected in free elections for a four-year term. The current chairperson of the assembly is Marek Mazur.
The Regional Assembly meets in the Marshal's Office in Łódź City.
Districts.
Members of the Assembly are elected from six districts, serve four-year terms. Districts does not have the constituencies formal names. Instead, each constituency has a number and territorial description.

</doc>
<doc id="20212466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212466" title="Metee Pungpoh">
Metee Pungpoh

Maytee Pungpoh () is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Chiangmai in the Thai Division 1 League.
He played for Krung Thai Bank FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.

</doc>
<doc id="20212483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212483" title="Sarun Promkaew">
Sarun Promkaew

Sarun Promkaew is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Chiangrai United in the Thailand Premier League.
He played for Krung Thai Bank FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.

</doc>
<doc id="20212485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212485" title="Carey Selph">
Carey Selph

Carey Isom Selph (December 5, 1901 – February 24, 1976) was a professional baseball infielder. He played two seasons in Major League Baseball.
Selph began his professional career in with the Fort Smith Twins, scoring an amazing 169 runs. He was soon acquired by the St. Louis Cardinals, and finished the season with the Syracuse Chiefs. After spending with the Houston Buffaloes in the Texas League, he made his major league debut in for the Cardinals. In 25 games, Selph played mostly as a second baseman, batting .235.
After two seasons back in the minor leagues with the Buffaloes, Selph was drafted from the Cardinals by the Chicago White Sox on September 30, 1931 in the Rule 5 draft. He played 116 games for the White Sox in 1932, mostly at third base, batting .283 with 51 RBI. After the season, he was traded back to the Cardinals and never played in the majors again. He played two more seasons with the Buffaloes, serving as a player-manager for them in 1933-34.
Selph was elected to the Texas League Hall of Fame in .

</doc>
<doc id="20212486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212486" title="Mary Collier">
Mary Collier

Mary Collier (c. 1688 – 1762) was an English poet, perhaps best known for her poetic risposte to Stephen Duck, "The Woman's Labour".
Life.
Little is known of Collier's early life other than what she wrote in ‘Some remarks on the author's life drawn by herself’, prefaced to her "Poems on Several Occasions" that were being republished in a 1762 edition. She was from Hampshire, born to poor parents, educated at home, and worked as a washer-woman, brewer, and at other manual labour. It was in this preface to the 1762 edition that she expressed outrage at Stephen Duck's portrayal of working-class women, which inspired "Poems on Several Occasions". A family that had employed her encouraged Collier to publish her poetry. Collier initially wrote poems for her own amusement, not planning on their publication; she would recite the poems to entertain her listeners, and thus brought attention to her talents.
Poetry.
She read Stephen Duck's "The Thresher's Labour" (1730) and in response to his apparent disdain for labouring-class women, wrote the 246-line poem for which she is mainly remembered, "The Woman's Labour: an Epistle to Mr Stephen Duck". In this piece she catalogues the daily tasks of a working woman, both outside the home and, at the end of the day, within the home as well:
Collier is an important figure in the self-taught, laboring-class tradition in eighteenth-century poetry, a tradition which also includes Duck, as well as Ann Yearsley and Mary Leapor. Collier, Duck, and similar working-class poets from rural Great Britain were responding in part to the economic upheaval in the countryside, brought about by the enclosures of agricultural land and growing unemployment. Duck's depiction of female labourers as lazy and feckless characters in particular infuriated Collier, during a period when women field labourers often lost out to men in tight employment markets in the countryside.
Collier worked as a washer-woman until she was sixty-three. She continued working for seven more years until, in poor health, she retired at age seventy and died shortly thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="20212489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212489" title="Astragalus congdonii">
Astragalus congdonii

Astragalus congdonii is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Congdon's milkvetch. 
Description.
"Astragalus congdonii" is a hairy perennial herb growing to heights between 20 and 70 centimeters. The sparse leaves are up to 14 centimeters long and are made up of several pairs of oval-shaped leaflets. The large, open inflorescence bears up to 35 cream-colored flowers, each about 1 to 1.5 centimeters long. The fruit is a narrow legume pod up to 3.5 centimeters long which dries to a thick papery texture.
Distribution.
"Astragalus congdonii" is endemic to the Sierra Nevada foothills of central California. 

</doc>
<doc id="20212493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212493" title="Moorong, New South Wales">
Moorong, New South Wales

Moorong, is a small suburb west of Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, Australia. The suburb is named after the pastoral property "Moorong" which is an Aboriginal word for the Wiradjuri Tribe meaning "Bleak" or "Cold" with other meanings "Bark Shelter" and "Camping Ground". Flowerdale Lagoon and Pomingalarna Reserve are located within the suburb.

</doc>
<doc id="20212495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212495" title="Raywat Meerian">
Raywat Meerian

Raywat Meerian is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Krung Thai Bank FC in the Thailand Premier League.
He played for Krung Thai Bank FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.

</doc>
<doc id="20212496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212496" title="Psychomania Records">
Psychomania Records

Psychomania Records was a record label based in Scotland. They specialized in a brand of noise-infused grindcore, that has become synonymous with the label itself. The label put out releases from The Gerogerigegege, Cripple Bastards, Extreme Smoke, Anal Cunt, Scrawl, Patareni, Crucifix, Seven Minutes Of Nausea, Meat Shits, Seduce and others.

</doc>
<doc id="20212501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212501" title="Somjets Kesarat">
Somjets Kesarat

Somjets Kesarat is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Thai Port FC in the Thailand Premier League.
He played for Krung Thai Bank FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.

</doc>
<doc id="20212510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212510" title="Zvezdan Pejović">
Zvezdan Pejović

Zvezdan Pejović (born 28 October 1966) is a retired Montenegrin professional football defender who played for several clubs in Yugoslavia and Germany.
Club career.
Pejović played for OFK Titograd, FK Budućnost Titograd and Hajduk Split in Yugoslavia, and Fortuna Düsseldorf and Eintracht Frankfurt in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20212513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212513" title="Rungroj Sawangsri">
Rungroj Sawangsri

Rungroj Sawangsri () is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Air Force Central in the Thai Premier League. 
He has played several times for the Thailand national football team, including a 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifying match.
Honours.
International
Thai Premier League Winner x 2
2002/03 & 2003/04 - Krung Thai Bank FC (Bangkok Glass FC)

</doc>
<doc id="20212515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212515" title="Barrington Boardman">
Barrington Boardman

Barrington Boardman is an US author who is best known for his work "From Harding to Hiroshima: An Anecdotal History of the United States From 1923 to 1945" which was published in 1987.
Life.
Boardman was born May 31, 1933 in Bridgeport, Connecticut. He was the son of Bradford and Virginia Boardman. Boardman attended Yale University where he earned his Bachelor of Arts|B.A.] in 1955. From 1955 to 1957, Boardman served in the U.S. Army where he achieved the rank of sergeant.
In November 1958, Boardman married Ethel Nes. The couple adopted one child in 1963. Ethel died of cancer in December 1969. In 1971 Boardman remarried to Sandra Dixon McDonnell who brought three children to the marriage. 
Boardman died on September 27, 2004.
Career.
Boardman was the senior vice president Ted Bates and Co. from 1962 to 1969. He was a co-founder of North Castle Partners, an advertising firm based in Stamford, CT.
Boardman's first writing was "From Harding to Hiroshima: An Anecdotal History of the United States From 1923 to 1945" which was published in 1987 and later re-released under the name "Flappers, Bootleggers, "Typhoid Mary" and the Bomb" in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20212516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212516" title="Jean Henderson">
Jean Henderson

Jean Henderson (18 December 1899 – 1 April 1997) was a British barrister and Liberal Party politician.
Date of Birth.
According to The Times newspaper obituary of Jean Henderson, she was born on 18 December 1899 but the records of the London School of Economics and Political Science where her papers are kept, note the year of Henderson’s birth as 1900.
Family.
Henderson was the daughter of John and Florence Henderson. Her father was Secretary of the National Liberal Club for twenty years and formerly worked in the Liberal Party publications department. Her mother taught scripture at Hall School, Weybridge. In religion her mother was a Quaker and her father a lapsed Presbyterian. She had one sister. She never married.
Education.
Jean Henderson started her education at Hall School, which has been described as an innovative and experimental establishment. The school was run by her aunt, Eva Gilpin (later Lady Sadler, wife of Sir Michael Sadler, Master of University College, Oxford). In 1949 Henderson co-edited a book about the school called "Miss Gilpin and the Hall School: A Record of Adventure and Achievement in Education" (Bannisdale Press, London) and in 1988 she published another exploration of the school, "A Lasting Spring: Miss Gilpin and the Hall School, Weybridge 1898-1934" (William Sessions, York). After the Hall School, Henderson went to The Mount School, York, a Quaker establishment, where she was Head Girl.
Henderson then went up to Bedford College, London University, where she graduated in modern languages (French, German and Russian).
Career.
On leaving university, Henderson first went to work in journalism, joining the foreign desk of the Westminster Gazette. She then transferred to the Daily News another paper with a Liberal bias. She also edited a magazine for the anti-war Women’s International League and acted as part-time secretary to David Low the famous cartoonist.
In 1938, after the death of her parents, Henderson changed careers and went in for the law. She was admitted to the Inner Temple in 1940 and called to the Bar in 1943. She then practised as a barrister on the London and Midland Circuits. She sat as an independent member of five Industrial Wages Councils and was Head of Chambers, 5 Pump Court Chambers, Temple, from 1970-1979. She also sat as a Justice of the Peace at Willesden.
Politics.
Jean Henderson was strongly influenced by her parents. She followed her father’s politics and supported the Liberal Party all her life but she was independent and determined enough to choose her own political beliefs and causes. She fought three general elections for the Liberals, all without success. Her first intervention was as prospective parliamentary candidate for St Albans from 1936 until 1941 but no election occurred during that period. During World War Two, Henderson lectured on current events to troops under the War Office Scheme for Education and also served as an air raid warden in Hampstead Garden Suburb. In 1941, Henderson was one of the prominent women speakers at a rally in Trafalgar Square, attended by over two thousand people, to protest at the unequal treatment of women in compensation for injuries received in air raids. Under the regulations of the time women received 7 shillings a week less than male civilians for the same injuries even though they faced equal danger in their homes, as targets in industry or working in civil defence. Among the other speakers were Lady Astor, Edith Summerskill and the pianist Harriet Cohen.
At the 1945 general election Henderson stood as Liberal candidate for Barnet. This was won by the Labour by 682 votes, and she lost her deposit. In 1950 Henderson switched her attentions to Lincoln, this time with even less success, taking less than 9% of the vote and again losing her deposit. She did not contest a seat at the 1951 general election but she returned to the fray, first by becoming prospective parliamentary candidate for Watford in 1953 but then changing constituencies to fight at Luton in 1955. Again she came third and again she lost her deposit.
Henderson tried her hand at local elections too. She contested Hendon Borough Council elections in Garden Suburb Ward in 1949 and 1953 but did not get elected. She was Honorary Secretary of the Women's Liberal Federation from 1941 until 1949 and served on the Executive of the Liberal Candidates' Association. She was President of Hampstead Garden Suburb Ward Liberal Association and a member of the Management Board of the Gladstone Benevolent Fund for Liberal Agents, (1973–1988).
Saving Hampstead Garden Suburb.
In 1962 the Hampstead Garden Suburb Protection Society was set up with the aim of preserving the essential character and independence of the area in the face possible changes and development when the area was acquired by a private property company. Henderson was elected the first Chairman. The membership of the Society grew to around 3,000 and they were able to sponsor a private bill in Parliament to safeguard the future of the suburb. In 1968, Henderson became one of the first directors of the New Hampstead Garden Suburb Trust, which was granted powers to refuse proposed developments in the area which they believed were harmful to its character.
Papers.
A substantial collection of Jean Henderson’s papers covering her political work during the years 1916-1993, have been deposited in the LSE Library. There is also material relating to her legal career between 1938 and 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20212525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212525" title="Precipice (disambiguation)">
Precipice (disambiguation)

A precipice is a significant vertical rock exposure.
Precipice may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20212528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212528" title="Blacks in France">
Blacks in France

French Blacks or Blacks in France (Noirs en France) are French citizens or residents who are of Black African or Caribbean ancestry.
Population statistics.
Although it is illegal for the French state to collect data on ethnicity and race, a law with its origins in the 1789 revolution and reaffirmed in the constitution of 1958, various population estimates exist. One source states that there are 1.5 million black people in France, while another states 1.865 million, equivalent to just under 4 per cent of the population. An article in the "New York Times" stated that estimates vary between 3 million and 5 million. It is estimated that four out of five black people in France are of African immigrant origin, with the remainder being chiefly of Caribbean ancestry.
Some organizations, such as the Representative Council of France's Black Associations (, CRAN), have argued in favour of the introduction of data collection on minority groups but this has been resisted by other organizations and ruling politicians, often on the grounds that collecting such statistics goes against France's secular principles and harks back to Vichy-era identity documents. During the 2007 presidential election, however, Nicolas Sarkozy was polled on the issue and stated that he favoured the collection of data on ethnicity. Part of a parliamentary bill which would have permitted the collection of data for the purpose of measuring discrimination was rejected by the Conseil Constitutionnel in November 2007.
Notable people.
In French politics.
Afro-French members of the French Parliament or Government from Overseas France.
There have been dozens of Afro-Caribbean or Afro-French MPs representing overseas electoral districts at the French National Assembly or at the French Senate, and several government members.

</doc>
<doc id="20212533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212533" title="Ankuri Mahadev">
Ankuri Mahadev

Ankuri Mahadev is a Hindu temple located in Mahadeva in the Saptari District of Nepal. The place has Shiva Linga in the main temple, as well as Goddess Parvati and God Hanuman in other temples. The Shiva Linga has a dent of size of fist on the top. It is said that the place was a crematorium long ago and was an isolated place. Some cowherds from nearby villages used to go there. They brought it several times to their home, but the Shiva Ling used to return to its own place. It is also said that whoever tried to take the Shiva Linga their home, misery befell upon them and a member of their family fell sick or died. Later the master of the cowherds heard about these and built a temple for Shiva Linga on the same place.
It is a well known site of pilgrimage for Lord Shiva devotees and every year there are big fairs on festivals like Shivaratri and Anant Chaturdashi. It is a holy place to perform sacred yajna.

</doc>
<doc id="20212550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212550" title="Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso">
Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso

"Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso S.p.A." is an Italian Media conglomerate, founded in 1955 and based in Rome, Italy and listed on the Italian Stock Exchange.
Overview.
National Newspapers
Local Newspapers
Magazines
Radio stations
Television channels
Web portals
Advertising
Education

</doc>
<doc id="20212551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212551" title="Aplysia dactylomela">
Aplysia dactylomela

Aplysia dactylomela, common name the "spotted sea hare", is a species of large sea slug, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusc in the family Aplysiidae, the sea hares. 
Distribution.
This species of sea hare is cosmopolitan, being found in almost all tropical and temperate seas, including recently the Mediterranean Sea.
Description.
The colour of the spotted sea hare is very variable, from pale gray to green, to dark brown. There are almost always large black rings on the mantle.
The maximum recorded length is 410 mm.
Habitat.
"Aplysia dactylomela" is commonly found in shallow waters, tide pools and rocky and sandy substrates, they also will be found feeding in beds of sea grass. During the day they will mostly hide under large rocks and in crevices. They usually stay in relatively shallow water, but they have been found as deep as 40 m.
Minimum recorded depth is 0 m. Maximum recorded depth is 3 m.
Human use.
The right giant neuron of "Aplysia dactylomela", which is found in the abdominal ganglion, is similar to that of vertebrates, meaning it is ideal for the study of electrophysiology, as well as conditioned-response studies. These neurons have been found to be invaluable in neurological research; the reason for this is that long lasting effects in neuronal behavior can be detected.
Behaviour.
The "Aplsia dactylomela" is capable of swimming and crawling. It accomplishes the former by creating a funnel using the parapodia folded forward and downwards; this action pulls in water. It then pushes the water out from behind the animal by pressing the anterior parts of the parapodia together, thus forward motion is achieved. 
The sea hare's usual mode of propulsion is crawling; it crawls by lifting the front end of the foot, stretching it forward then placing it on the ground in front, creating an arching pattern; the remainder of the body follows this arching pattern until the tail is reached.
Defense.
Like the octopus, the "Aplysia dactylomela" squirts purple ink if it is disturbed; this ink is an irritant that causes 'altered behaviour' in other invertebrates and fish. Their leathery skin contains toxins which make this sea hare practically inedible to most predators.

</doc>
<doc id="20212557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212557" title="Miras">
Miras

Miras is a municipality in the Devoll District, Korçë County, southeastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Miras, Vidohovë, Arrëz, Çetë, Qytezë, Sinicë, Nikolicë, Menkulas, Ponçarë, Braçanj, Koshnicë, Dobranj, Fitore, Ziçisht, Gjyres and Sul.

</doc>
<doc id="20212567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212567" title="Fred McIlhattan">
Fred McIlhattan

Fred McIlhattan is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 63rd District since 1997. He and his wife live in Knox, Pennsylvania and have 2 children. He retired prior to the 2008 election and will be succeeded by Republican Donna Oberlander.

</doc>
<doc id="20212579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212579" title="Hoçisht">
Hoçisht

Hoçisht is a municipality in the Devoll District, Korçë County, southeastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Hoçisht, Grace, Baban, Stropan, Eçmenik, Përparimaj, Grapsh, Çipan, Borsh, Bradvicë.
A Greek school was operating in the village of Hoçisht from the middle of the 19th century, until incorporation to the Albanian state, while the local Orthodox community had established a trust fund (called "Lasso") for the well being of the locals. In the early 20th century the town of Hoçisht hosted additional Greek educational institutions, including primary and secondary schools for boys and girls, as well as a kindergarten.
In 1905, during the Struggle for Macedonia, Greek revolutionary, Nikolaos Dailakis, had his hideout near the town.
During the Socialist People's Republic of Albania the local church property was confiscated by the state. Today, from the 10 Christian churches in 1967 only 5 survive: Saint Nicholas, Saints Kosmas and Damian, Saint Constantine, Saint John and Saint Kyriake.
At present, a Greek language institution is functioning in the town, as part of a joint Greek-Albanian initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="20212582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212582" title="Bafa">
Bafa

Bafa is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,031 people living in 579 individual households.
Bafa is also the name of a lake with ancient rudiments and the name of a nearby village with a population of around 2700. The region is spattered with rudiments of ancient city.

</doc>
<doc id="20212595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212595" title="Baku, Nepal">
Baku, Nepal

Baku is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4159 people living in 777 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212602" title="Basa, Nepal">
Basa, Nepal

Basa, Nepal is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3256.

</doc>
<doc id="20212610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212610" title="Beni, Sagarmatha">
Beni, Sagarmatha

Beni is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1927 people living in 352 individual households.
External links.
Sherpa Guide Nepal 
www.sherpaguidenepal.com
www.pasangdendi.com.np
solukhumbu Beni 6 Khamje

</doc>
<doc id="20212615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212615" title="Bob Bastian">
Bob Bastian

Bob Bastian is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 69th District since 1999. He and his wife live in Friedens, Pennsylvania and have 5 children. He retired prior to the 2008 election was succeeded by Republican Carl Walker Metzgar.

</doc>
<doc id="20212618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212618" title="Progër">
Progër

Progër is a municipality in the Devoll District, Korçë County, southeastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Progër, Mançurisht, Cangonj, Pilur, Vranisht, Bickë, Rakickë and Shyec.

</doc>
<doc id="20212622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212622" title="Bhakanje">
Bhakanje

Bhakanje is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1188 people living in 226 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212632" title="Mustafa Şekip Birgöl">
Mustafa Şekip Birgöl

Mustafa Şekip Birgöl (1903 – November 11, 2008), a retired Turkish colonel, was the last veteran of the Turkish War of Independence (1919–1923).
Biography.
He was born 1903 in Üsküdar, a suburb of Istanbul, into a family of naval officers. Mustafa Şekip Birgöl graduated from Işıklar Military Secondary School in Bursa before attending Kuleli High School in Edirne. After finishing the Military Academy in Istanbul, he joined Kuvayi Milliye under the leadership of Mustafa Kemal to fight against the Allies partitioning the Ottoman Empire after it was defeated in World War I. A second-lieutenant in the 45th regiment of the 15th division, he fought in the western Anatolian region of Afyon and took part in the recapturing of Izmir from Greek troops on September 9, 1922.
Following the declaration of the republic in 1923, Birgol returned to his unit at the Black Sea city of Samsun, where he stayed until 1928. While he was stationed in Sarıkamış, Bayburt and Muğla, he was active at some campaigns against rebellions that took place following the Independence War. Later, he served in Çanakkale, Ezine and Gelibolu. He retired from the army on September 13, 1952 with the rank of colonel.
Mustafa Şekip Birgöl was awarded in 1927 the Medal of Independence with red ribbon.
He died on November 11, 2008 at the age of 105 at the GATA Haydarpaşa Military Hospital in Istanbul. As the last veteran of the Independence War, he was honored with a state funeral held on November 13 at the Turkish Parliament in Ankara, attended by President Abdullah Gül, Parliament Speaker Köksal Toptan, Chief of the General Staff Gen. İlker Başbuğ, leaders of the main opposition parties in the parliament and statesmen, politicians and other high level officials. His remains were brought to Istanbul and interred on November 14 at Karacaahmet Cemetery following a religious ceremony at Selimiye Mosque next to the Selimiye Barracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20212635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212635" title="Georges Rigal">
Georges Rigal

Georges Rigal (January 6, 1890 – March 25, 1974) was a French water polo player and freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
He was born in Paris on January 6, 1890.
In 1912 he was a member of the French water polo team which finished fifth in the Olympic water polo competition. He played one match. He also participated in the 100 metre freestyle event but he was eliminated in the first round.
Twelve years later he won the gold medal with the French water polo team in the 1924 Paris Games. He played all four matches and scored one goal.
He died on March 25, 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20212639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212639" title="Bung, Nepal">
Bung, Nepal

Bung is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3368 people living in 737 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212645" title="Tingla">
Tingla

Tingla is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,738 people living in 710 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212648" title="Qendër Bilisht">
Qendër Bilisht

Qendër Bilisht is a municipality in the Devoll District, Korçë County, southeastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Bitinckë, Tren, Buzliqen, Vërnik, Vishocicë, Kuç, Poloskë, Kapshticë, Trestenik and Kurilë.

</doc>
<doc id="20212649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212649" title="My Own (album)">
My Own (album)

My Own is the second album released by Young Bleed. It was released on February 1, 2000 on Priority. "My Own" reachedP #61 on the Billboard 200 and #17 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. After the release of this album, he would later resurface on West Coast Mafia Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20212658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212658" title="Chaulakharka">
Chaulakharka

Chaulakharka is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1839 people living in 372 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212661" title="Chaurikharka">
Chaurikharka

Chaurikharka is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2422 people living in 502 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212664" title="Chheskam">
Chheskam

Chheskam is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2824 people living in 641 individual households.
It is located in the Hongu valley.

</doc>
<doc id="20212667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212667" title="Deusa">
Deusa

Deusa is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3835 people living in 747 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212674" title="Garma, Nepal">
Garma, Nepal

Garma (गार्मा) is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2398 people living in 473 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212683" title="Goli">
Goli

Goli is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2276 people living in 455 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212689" title="Altus Times">
Altus Times

The Altus Times is a five-day daily newspaper based in Altus, Oklahoma and owned by Heartland Publications. It is published Tuesday through Friday and Sunday.
History.
The original "Altus Times" was founded as a weekly newspaper by J. Ed Van Meter in December, 1901. It was consolidated with two other newspapers into the Weekly Altus Times-Democrat around 1916. It began daily publication in 1928. The newspaper was renamed the Altus Times on August 1, 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20212695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212695" title="Gorakhani">
Gorakhani

Gorakhani is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1364 people living in 281 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212710" title="Astragalus crotalariae">
Astragalus crotalariae

Astragalus crotalariae is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Salton milkvetch. It is native to the Colorado Desert in California and other Sonoran Deserts in Arizona and northern Mexico. It grows in desert scrub habitat, including the Salton Sink in the Coachella Valley. 
Description.
"Astragalus crotalariae" is a bushy perennial herb growing to heights between 15 and 60 centimeters. It is roughly hairy and has an unpleasant scent. The leaves are up to 16 centimeters long and are made up of several pairs of thick oval-shaped to rounded leaflets. The open inflorescence bears up to 25 reddish purple flowers, each 2 to 3 centimeters long. The fruit is an inflated legume pod up to 3 centimeters long. It is usually roughly hairy and dries to a thick papery texture. 
Selenium.
Like many other "Astragalus" species, this plant accumulates selenium from the soil. It has also been shown to harbor a selenium-metabolizing "Bacillus" species in its seed pods.

</doc>
<doc id="20212712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212712" title="Agatha Raisin and the Quiche of Death">
Agatha Raisin and the Quiche of Death

The Quiche of Death is the first Agatha Raisin mystery novel by Marion Chesney under her pseudonym M. C. Beaton.
Plot summary.
Agatha Raisin retires from her profitable position as a PR agent in London, she moves to the Cotswolds expecting a peaceful country life. She enters a local baking contest with a quiche she bought in London; not only does she not win, but her quiche kills one of the judges. Desperate to prove her innocence, Agatha begins investigating the crime herself.

</doc>
<doc id="20212714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212714" title="Gudel">
Gudel

Gudel is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3489 people living in 712 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212719" title="Jubing">
Jubing

Jubing is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2704 people living in 550 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212720" title="Bruce Yarnell">
Bruce Yarnell

Bruce Yarnell (December 28, 1935 – November 30, 1973) was an American actor who co-starred in the second season (1961-1962) of NBC's Western television series "Outlaws", set in the lawless Oklahoma Territory. He was also a noted Broadway and opera baritone.
Yarnell played Deputy U.S. Marshal Chalk Breeson, having replaced Jock Gaynor (1929-1998) in the role of deputy Heck Martin. Yarnell's principal co-star, Don Collier (born 1928), played Marshal Will Foreman. Slim Pickens played the role of "Slim". In the first season, Barton MacLane (1902-1969) had appeared as Marshal Frank Caine, and the episodes had been related from the outlaws' viewpoint. In the second season, the narrative reflected the judgment of the lawmen.
Among the segments in which Yarnell appeared were "Horse of a Similar Color", "The Outlaw Marshals", "Masterpiece", "The Cutups", "Chalk's Lot" and "The Connie Masters Story". Connie Masters, the proprietess of a restaurant, was played by Judy Lewis, daughter of Loretta Young and Clark Gable.
The character Chalk Breeson was the then 25-year-old Yarnell's first recurring television role. He subsequently appeared in 1963 as Tom Kidwell in the NBC rodeo drama "The Wide Country", starring Earl Holliman and Andrew Prine, and in 1964-1965 as Muley Jones in two episodes of NBC's powerhouse western "Bonanza". In 1965, he appeared as Captain Jeb Winslow in one episode of CBS's "Hogan's Heroes" military comedy with Bob Crane. He also guest starred in CBS's "The Smothers Brothers Show". His last television role was as Little John in the 1968 series "The Legend of Robin Hood", not to be confused with a British series of the same name seven years thereafter.
Prior to his television career, Yarnell made his 1960 Broadway debut as Sir Lionel in the original cast of "Camelot" and soon left that show to star opposite Cyril Ritchard in "The Happiest Girl in the World." He returned to Broadway in the 1966 Lincoln Center revival of "Annie Get Your Gun", in which he played the marksman Frank E. Butler, husband and manager of Annie Oakley, opposite Ethel Merman, who was twenty-seven years Yarnell's senior, in the starring role. Yarnell's rich, burnished baritone may be heard on the original cast recordings of those three shows.
Yarnell was born in Los Angeles and graduated from Hollywood High School there. A week after finishing an engagement as Marcello in "La Boheme" at the San Francisco Opera, he and two passengers, David and Teri Wirsching, were killed when the small-craft airplane that Yarnell was piloting went down over Los Angeles. Yarnell had radioed prior to the crash that he had lost electrical power and was disoriented.
Yarnell's widow, the singer and voice instructor Joan Patenaude-Yarnell (born in Ottawa, Canada, on September 12, 1941), instituted the Bruce Yarnell Scholarship to honor young baritones. As stated above, Yarnell made a successful transition from Broadway to opera and sang principal roles at the San Francisco Opera from 1971 until his death. His interpretations of Dr. Falke in SFO's "Die Fledermaus" and Sharpless in SFO's "Madama Butterfly" are preserved on rare recordings. Yarnell also produced two solo albums, "House of the Lord" and "Bruce Yarnell Sings". Joan Yarnell has been a faculty member at the Manhattan School of Music since 1997.
Yarnell is interred at the Roman Catholic-affiliated San Fernando Mission Cemetery north of Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20212732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212732" title="Jubu, Nepal">
Jubu, Nepal

Jubu is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3544 people living in 706 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212739" title="Kaku, Nepal">
Kaku, Nepal

Kaku, Nepal is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3896 people living in 750 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212746" title="Kangel">
Kangel

Kangel is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2087 people living in 416 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212755" title="Kerung">
Kerung

Kerung is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3381 people living in 622 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212760" title="Steve Powers (baseball)">
Steve Powers (baseball)

Steve Powers was a designated hitter/pitcher who is most notable for winning the 1976 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a senior at University of Arizona. He is one of three players from University of Arizona to win that award. The others are Terry Francona and Mike Senne.
In 1975, he was selected in the eighth round of the amateur draft by the Detroit Tigers, but he never signed with them. In one 1976 draft, he was taken in the second round by the Philadelphia Phillies. In another 1976 draft, he was taken in the first round - 18th overall, by the Pittsburgh Pirates. He played professionally until 1978, going 1-0 with a 6.00 ERA in three games for the Waterloo Indians in his final season.
He was inducted into the University of Arizona Hall of Fame in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20212769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212769" title="Loding Tamakhani">
Loding Tamakhani

Loding Tamakhani is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1157.

</doc>
<doc id="20212779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212779" title="The Eagles (rhythm and blues group)">
The Eagles (rhythm and blues group)

The Eagles were a 1950s rhythm and blues vocal group from the Washington, D.C. area. They recorded the original version of "Tryin' to Get to You" (Rose Marie McCoy - Charles Singleton), better known through the versions by Elvis Presley (one of his Sun recordings) and The Animals (as "Trying To Get You"). Advertising for The Eagles' record in "Billboard" magazine indicates that the format of the title was "Tryin' To Get To You", with an apostrophe.
The Eagles released "Tryin' to Get to You" on Mercury Records (#70391, the B-side of "Please Please") in 1954, the year before Elvis Presley's version was recorded. Presley's vocal delivery appears to be influenced by that of The Eagles' lead singer, but Scotty Moore's guitar solo on the Presley recording replaces a saxophone solo heard on the original.
The Eagles had two further releases on Mercury, "Such a Fool"/"Don't You Wanna Be Mine" (#70464, 1954) and "I Told Myself"/"What A Crazy Feeling" (#70524 1955). An Eagles anthology LP released c.1989 by German reissue label Bear Family, "Trying To Get To You", included three additional tracks. 

</doc>
<doc id="20212786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212786" title="Lokhim">
Lokhim

Lokhim is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3098 people living in 585 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212792" title="Mabe, Nepal">
Mabe, Nepal

Mabe, Nepal is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2180 people living in 425 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212800" title="Takasindu">
Takasindu

Takasindu is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2053 people living in 381 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212806" title="Albert Mayaud">
Albert Mayaud

Albert Mayaud (March 31, 1899 – August 14, 1987) was a French water polo player and freestyle swimmer. He competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Career.
In 1920, Mayaud was a member of the French water polo team, which was eliminated in the first round of the Olympic water polo competition. He played in the only match. He was also a member of the French freestyle relay team, which was eliminated in the first round of the 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay event.
Four years later at the Paris Games, Mayaud won the gold medal with the French water polo team. He played all four matches and scored three goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20212809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212809" title="Necha Bedghari">
Necha Bedghari

Necha Bedghari is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4155 people living in 777 individual households.
References.
Regarding the name Necha Betghari, it is not Bedghari instead it is Betghari (नेचा बेतघारी). As the name suggests this place has a unique cane(बेत) in the locality along with goddess Kalika, one of the goddess of power (शक्तिकि देवी).

</doc>
<doc id="20212821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212821" title="Mukali">
Mukali

Mukali is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2651 people living in 501 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212827" title="Luxembourg in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986">
Luxembourg in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986

Luxembourg was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, held in Bergen, Norway.
Due to the country's small size and its tradition of picking foreign acts to represent them in the Contest, Luxembourg has almost always picked their entrant and song by internal selection at the behest of broadcaster RTL Télévision. 
The selection for 1986 was no exception; Sherisse Laurence, a little-known children's television host from Selkirk, Manitoba, Canada, was picked to sing Luxembourg's entry at the Contest that year, "L'amour de ma vie" ("The love of my life"). Laurence was picked despite being a Canadian Anglophone with little experience singing in the French language.
At the Contest in Bergen, Laurence was the first performer on stage. She ended up taking the third-place slot with 117 points.

</doc>
<doc id="20212829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212829" title="Necha Batase">
Necha Batase

Necha Batase is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3522 people living in 680 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212839" title="Nele">
Nele

Nele (Nepali: नेले) is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2021 people living in 364 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212849" title="Panchan, Nepal">
Panchan, Nepal

Panchan, Nepal is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1698 people living in 318 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212858" title="Salyan, Solukhumbu">
Salyan, Solukhumbu

Salyan, Solukhumbu is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5307 people living in 1034 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212868" title="Emmanuel Mkhize">
Emmanuel Mkhize

Emmanuel Mkhize (born July 4, 1989) is a South African cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who plays for KwaZulu-Natal. He was born in Pietermaritzburg.
Mkhize made his first-class debut in November 2008 against Boland.

</doc>
<doc id="20212869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212869" title="Sautang">
Sautang

Sautang is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5103 people living in 1010 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212873" title="Tapting">
Tapting

Tapting is a village development committee in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2016 people living in 339 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20212883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212883" title="Churchill Hospital">
Churchill Hospital

The Churchill Hospital is a teaching hospital in Oxford, England.
The hospital is primarily a centre for the treatment of cancer patients, but also houses research and teaching facilities for the University of Oxford and Oxford Brookes University. It is part of Oxford University Hospitals NHS Trust. It was named after Clementine Churchill, wife of Winston Churchill, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom when a hospital was first built on the site in 1940.
The first hospital on the Churchill site was built in 1940, with the intention of providing medical aid to people injured as a result of air raids during the Second World War. This proved unnecessary, and the building was leased to the United States Army medical services, who were relocating from Basingstoke. The US Army left the hospital at the end of the war and it was taken over by the local council and reopened as a conventional hospital in January 1946.
In April 1994 the hospital joined the newly formed Oxford Radcliffe Hospitals NHS Trust along with the John Radcliffe Hospital and the Radcliffe Infirmary. As well as being an important centre for the treatment of cancer patients, the Churchill specialises in kidney transplants, diabetes, endocrinology, oncology, dermatology, haemophilia, infectious diseases, chest medicine, medical genetics and palliative care.

</doc>
<doc id="20212893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212893" title="Majority loser criterion">
Majority loser criterion

The majority loser criterion is a criterion to evaluate single-winner voting systems. The criterion states that if a majority of voters prefers every other candidate over a given candidate, then that candidate must not win.
Either of the Condorcet loser criterion or the mutual majority criterion imply the majority loser criterion. However, the Condorcet criterion does not imply the majority loser criterion. Neither does the majority criterion imply the majority loser criterion.
Methods that comply with this criterion include Schulze, Ranked Pairs, Kemeny-Young, Nanson, Baldwin, Coombs, Borda, Bucklin, instant-runoff voting, contingent voting, and anti-plurality voting.
Methods that do not comply with this criterion include plurality, MiniMax, Sri Lankan contingent voting, supplementary voting, approval voting, and range voting.

</doc>
<doc id="20212895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212895" title="Francis Annesley, 6th Earl Annesley">
Francis Annesley, 6th Earl Annesley

Francis Annesley, 6th Earl of Annesley (25 February 1884 – 6 November 1914) was a pioneer aviator who died in a plane crash at sea.
Biography.
He was the only son of Hugh Annesley, 5th Earl Annesley and his first wife, Mabel Markham. He was born on 25 February 1884 at Castlewellan, Kilmegan, County Down, Ireland. On 14 February 1909 he married Evelyn Hester Mundy. They had no children.
He was a Sub-Lieutenant in the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve. Later he joined the Royal Naval Air Service. 
Between 1884 and 1908 he was styled as Viscount Glerawly. He was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge. He succeeded as Earl on 15 December 1908. 
Before obtaining his age of majority he sailed from Liverpool to Vancouver, around Cape Horn, serving as a sailor . Later he crossed the Atlantic on board a three-masted schooner yacht Karina as one of the guests of Robert E. Todd of the New York Yacht club.
He was a noted big game shot.
Prior to joining 2 (Naval) Squadron, Royal Naval Air Service at Eastchurch, he distinguished himself serving with the R.N.A.S. Armoured Car Division, with his armoured motorcar in helping to check the advance of the Germans on Brussels and in the Defence of Antwerp. 
After his death his estate was valued at £42,751.
He was last seen alive on 6 November 1914 leaving Eastchurch, England in a Bristol TB8 Biplane, serial 1220, flown by Flight Lieut C F Beevor, R.N.A.S., bound for France / Flanders. They were never seen again. His death was presumed on 2 December 1914 by Mr Justice Astbury. Two German prisoners had been interrogated and it was established that the two aviators had been shot down when a Geran shell had hit the petrol tank of their aircraft and it had fallen in flanes near Dixmude.
Legacy.
He was succeeded by Walter Beresford Annesley, 7th Earl Annesley (1861–1934).

</doc>
<doc id="20212899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212899" title="Astragalus curtipes">
Astragalus curtipes

Astragalus curtipes is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Morro milkvetch. It is endemic to the Central Coast of California, including the Morro Bay area in San Luis Obispo County. 
Description.
Morro milkvetch is a clumpy perennial herb with a dense coat of rough, woolly hairs. The gray-green leaves are up to 16 centimeters long and are made up of fuzzy leaflets which are long and narrow in shape. The plant bears a dense inflorescence of up to 35 flowers, each about 1.5 centimeters long. The flowers are cream-colored and sometimes tipped with lilac. 
The fruit is an inflated legume pod 2 to 3 centimeters long which dries to a thin, papery texture. Its single chamber contains many seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="20212937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212937" title="Spread Component">
Spread Component

Spread Component - (SC) (as used in the NFDRS)
The Spread Component is a rating of the forward rate of spread of a headfire. Deeming states that "the spread component is numerically equal to the theoretical ideal rate of spread expressed in feet-per-minute." This carefully worded statement indicates both guidelines (it's theoretical) and cautions (it's ideal) that must be used when applying the SPread Component. Wind speed, slope and fine fuel moisture are key inputs in the calculations of the spread component, thus accounting for a high variability from day-to-day. The Spread Component is expressed on an open-ended scale; thus it has no upper limit.

</doc>
<doc id="20212940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212940" title="The Contender (Lipsyte novel)">
The Contender (Lipsyte novel)

The Contender is the debut novel by American author and sports journalist Robert Lipsyte. It was published in 1967.
The book's plot evolves a black seventeen-year-old man named Alfred Brooks, a high school dropout living with Aunt Pearl and her 3 daughters in Harlem, New York City. He begins to train at a boxing club in the streets because he has a lot of issues, including his friend James is sent to jail and on probation after robbing the grocery store he works at, and Major, his bully and leader of the gang, is responsible on putting James on drug addiction. There, he learns that there is more than just fighting and becoming the contender.
Plot synopsis.
The Contender is a coming-of-age novel whose protagonist, a black seventeen-year-old high school dropout named Alfred Brooks, lives with his Aunt Pearl and her three daughters in Harlem, a predominantly African American neighborhood in Manhattan, New York City, in the mid-1960s. Alfred's father deserted the family when Alfred was ten years old, and his mother died when he was thirteen. On both occasions, his best friend, James, stood by him.
Now, Alfred and James seem headed in opposite directions. One Friday night in June, James breaks into Epsteins' grocery with members of a street gang led by the novel's antagonist, a street gang leader named Major. Alfred is a clerk at the store and inadvertently reveals that there may be money in the cash register on a Friday night; he forgets to tell James about the new alarm system recently installed. Only James is arrested; he is put on probation. Meanwhile, Alfred begins training at Mr. Donatelli's Gym. A wise mentor, Donatelli insists that no one is promised anything, everyone is treated equally, and a man finishes what he begins. The journey, the climb, is more important to Donatelli than the highest goal. Striving is key. Alfred should try to become a contender and let the championships of life come if they will, according to Donatelli.
Alfred begins training at the gym and progresses well. As a spectator, he attends a fight night at Madison Square Garden. When challenged later that evening, he is able to stand up to Major, leader of the street gang. However, Alfred's training is long and sometimes tedious. Alfred cannot yet trust himself; he is too susceptible to the opinions of others. Alfred's employers, the Epsteins, seem to doubt him after the burglary. Eventually, Alfred weakens. He attends a party at the gang's clubroom, indulges in alcohol and marijuana, and passes out. Alfred sees James at the clubroom and discovers that he has become addicted to heroin. Both boys seem lost.
After a chaotic Sunday at Coney Island with Major and the gang, Alfred decides to quit boxing. When he visits the gym to clean out his locker, he finds Mr. Donatelli alone. In attempting to apologize to his mentor, Alfred finds that he does not really want to quit. He needs to find out what he could become if he really tries. He reaches a sort of epiphany, a moment of clarity and self-awareness. He wants to become a contender.
Alfred resumes training with renewed enthusiasm. Soon, he is allowed to spar, and in October he has his first amateur fight at union hall at Long Island City. Alfred makes rookie mistakes but wins. Especially impressive that night is an older welterweight named Elston Hubbard. In November, Alfred knocks out his second opponent but is terribly upset because he thinks he has nearly killed the other fighter. His third fight, in December, is a draw, because Alfred is reluctant to throw a punch. Mr. Donatelli advises him that it is time to quit. Alfred lacks the "killer instinct" necessary to go very far, and he could be seriously injured in the ring. Alfred has one more fight scheduled, and he insists on finishing what he has started.
Just before fight time, Alfred, a lightweight, learns that his final opponent is Elston Hubbard, the older, bigger, and stronger ex-Marine who fought so well the night of Alfred's first fight. Donatelli wants to cancel, but Alfred knows he must go on. He barely survives the first two rounds and is dominated by Hubbard. Nevertheless, Alfred finds a few tactics that work, and the third round is a war. Standing toe-to-toe in a brutal exchange, Alfred refuses to fall. He goes the distance. Although he loses a unanimous decision, Alfred knows that he has won the important fight. He has proven to himself that he can persevere and be a contender in life, as well as in the boxing ring. He also earns Hubbard's respect.
But Alfred has one more task to accomplish. James is in deep trouble. Apparently stoned, he crashed through the front window of Epsteins' grocery in an awkward attempt at burglary. Alfred finds him at a secret cave where the two hung out as boys. Applying his new attitude and some tough love, Alfred convinces James that there is hope; he helps James to the hospital.
With the encouragement of his college-educated cousin, Jeff, and a schoolteacher called "Spoon," who used to be a fighter, Alfred will finish high school and work with young people in public recreation. He has become a true contender.
Themes.
Themes explored in this novel include issues of socio-economic stance, racism, and fighting for your goals and what you believe in. It also focuses on positive character development and peer pressure. Racism was one of the main themes.
Tagline.
"Before you can be a champion, you have to be a contender."
Chapters.
Chapter 1: Alfred wait's patiently for his friend then he looks for him at the clubhouse and their he finds James hanging out with the wrong group of people. He accidentally mentions the vulnerability of the grocery store Alfred works for. Silent alarm goes off. He hides in a cave and has flash backs of his previous years and how much things have changed. Alfred climbs out of the cave opening and after a short walk he finds the goons that had foolishly attempted to rob the Jews and the goons beat Alfred to a pulp. 
Chapter 2: James is arrested and now Alfred doesn't know where he is. Major is out to get Alfred. Aunt Pearl tries talking to Alfred after he gets beat up by Major and his gang. Alfred goes for a walk and finds Donatelli's gym. He is scared to go in alone but then he decides to go inside. He tells Donatelli that he has come to be a fighter. 
Chapter 3: Alfred begins training to be a contender at Donatelli's gym. He meets new people and he is sometimes bullied by some of the other fighters there. Alfred never gives up though because he always has Henry there to support him and give him some encouraging words to help him out. Donatelli tells him what it takes and what Alfred has to do to be a boxer. 
Chapter 4: Alfred starts to experience some of the criticism that Mr. Donatelli was talking about. Alfred goes running in the morning and the cops laugh at him and people tell him that he is crazy. He goes to church and he sees Major and his gang. Alfred and his Aunt Pearl and her three daughters go to their Aunt Dorothy's house and Alfred talks to his Uncle Wilson about his job and making something out of himself one day.
Chapter 5: Alfred takes the alarm clock from Aunt Pearl's room and sets it early enough for him to get up and run. There are policeman outside at the park when he is running and they asked him where he was going in such a hurry and when Alfred tells them that he was in training to be a boxer, they just laughed at him. Aunt Pearl is in the dark about the whole wanting to be a boxer thing. When Alfred gets home from his run Aunt Pearl asked him where he was because she thought Alfred was in some kind of trouble. When Alfred went to work he saw that Lou Epstein, his boss, didn't trust him as well as he did before Major and James tried to rob his store. He wouldn't even let Alfred take the money to the bank. Then, at the end of the chapter Alfred sees Henry on the street and he asks him what time he is coming by the gym.
Chapter 6: Alfred goes in the gym and finds all these other boxers and he almost wants to leave but he knows that if he left then, then he probably would never be back again. Then, he meets Bud Martin, an assistant trainer, and Dr. Corey, the dentist that makes the mouthpieces for the boxers. Alfred meets two other boxers doing sit ups and push ups and one is really nice and shows Alfred a few things and the other is really mean and doesn't give him the time of day. 
Chapter 7: Alfred goes to his first boxing match to watch one of Mr. Donatelli's boys box. He goes with Henry, Bud, Jelly Belly, and of course Mr. Donatelli is there. During the fight Willie (Mr. Donatelli's trainee) is hurt really bad so he calls off the fight. Willie doesn't want to call off the fight and argues with Mr. Donatelli that he could handle a little blood. In the clinic Alfred meets Spoon, an old boxer who is now a teacher. On the way home Alfred runs into Major and his gang.
Chapter 8: Major tries to get Alfred to help him rob the grocery store again but no matter what Major tries Alfred just keeps saying no. He knows it is wrong and he doesn't want to get in trouble behind Major. Major even pulls a knife on Alfred but he still stands his ground and says no. Major tells Alfred that he has until Thursday to make his decision but Major knows that Alfred has made up his mind.

</doc>
<doc id="20212943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212943" title="Beverly Woolley">
Beverly Woolley

Beverly Woolley (born July 25, 1939) was a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives representing District 136 which covers parts of Harris County, Texas. She is co-chair of the Tea Party caucus in the House. In 2011 Woolley was chosen to replace Craig Eiland of Galveston as Speaker pro tempore after Republicans captured a super majority of seats (101 out of 150) in the 2010 elections.
Woolley owned property in the Stablewood subdivision in Houston. Around 1994 she planned to build a house in the subdivision.

</doc>
<doc id="20212950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212950" title="Chameleon particle">
Chameleon particle

The "chameleon" is a postulated scalar particle with a non-linear self-interaction that gives the particle an effective mass that depends on its environment: the presence of other fields. It would have a small mass in much of intergalactic space, but a large mass in terrestrial experiments, making it difficult to detect. The chameleon is a possible candidate for dark energy and dark matter, and may contribute to cosmic inflation.
Hypothetical properties.
In most theories, chameleons have a mass that scales as some power of the local energy density: formula_1, where formula_2.
Chameleons also couple to photons, allowing photons and chameleons to oscillate between each other in the presence of an external magnetic field.
Chameleons can be confined in hollow containers because their mass increases rapidly as they penetrate the container wall, causing them to reflect. One strategy to search experimentally for chameleons is to direct photons into a cavity, confining the chameleons produced, and then to switch off the light source. Chameleons would be indicated by the presence of an afterglow as they decay back into photons.
Experimental searches.
A number of experiments have attempted to detect chameleons along with axions. 
The GammeV experiment is a search for axions, but has been used to look for chameleons too. It consists of a cylindrical chamber inserted in a 5T magnetic field. The ends of the chamber are glass windows, allowing light from a laser to enter and afterglow to exit.
The latest results were published in November 2010 (nothing found in the range of photon and matter coupling they tested)

</doc>
<doc id="20212955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212955" title="Robin Levett">
Robin Levett

Robin Levett (14 October 1925 – 14 August 2008) was an Australian travel writer, novelist, philanthropist, pilot, and breeder of racehorses anointed the "First Lady of Australian Racing" in the mid-1990s. Her eclectic interests ranged from fly fishing in Kashmir, about which she wrote a book, to running her own wildlife refuge in Victoria.
Robin Levett was born Robin Walker, the daughter of Major Geoffrey and his wife Aileen (Whiting) Walker in Sorrento, Victoria. As a girl, she attended the prestigious Hermitage School, from which she was expelled after she tried to burn it down. She later attended Toorak College in Mount Eliza, Victoria, which seemed to suit her better. She excelled, was named head girl and won the top prize in 1943. She subsequently studied at the National Gallery School, where she was awarded a coveted travelling scholarship.
Following her graduation, the gifted and hyperactive Australian was unable to use her travelling scholarship because of World War II raging; instead she enlisted with the Navy. Posted to a quiet billeting in Albert Park, Victoria, young Walker resigned. She next signed on with the Women's Auxiliary Service, Burma (Wasbees, the Australian equivalent of the WAVES), which sent her to Rangoon.
Following the war, Walker moved to England for a brief time before returning to Australia to work for British Signals Intelligence. Back in Australia, she married Geoffrey Levett, a successful businessman who produced his own line of frozen vegetables. His new wife went to work in the business, gaining her pilot's licence so she could fly her husband to meetings across the continent. Not content with half-measures, the new Mrs Levett gained a commercial pilot's licence, and then learned how to parachute – presumably in case her pilot's skills failed. Subsequently she flew an air race around Victoria.
In the early 1960s the couple found a new avocation. They leased a filly named "Never on Sunday". The horse turned out to be a winner, and soon they were breeding racehorses as well as racing them. They took up the Lyndhurst Lodge stud farm in Cranbourne, Victoria, and later also had the Willowmavin stud farm in Kilmore, before finally settling on Willowmavin. The venture was a success. In 1966 the Levetts won the Victoria Derby with their horse Khalifa; in the following year Khalifa won the VRC St Leger.
The couple also won the Perth and Brisbane Cups and countless lesser races. Their best finish in the Melbourne Cup was third. The Levetts co-owned the horse "Buoyant Bird" with former Australian Prime Minister Bob Hawke.
Robin Levett served for years on the committee of the famous Kilmore Turf Club, and as President from 1989 to 1994, the only woman ever elected president of a grade one Australian turf club. Despite her consuming involvement in horseracing and breeding she found time to open a wildlife reserve at Willowmavin, where she included rescued animals into everyday life. "Guests in the committee room at Flemington would be bemused", said the Australian newspaper "The Age" in its obituary of the racing legend, "when she would pull a young wombat from a large shoulder bag and feed it from a bottle."
Following the death of her husband Geoffrey Levett in 1990, Robin Levett was forced to close Willowmavin stud farm and its wildlife refuge. She took up writing to fill the void. Her first and most successful book, a novel entitled "The Girls", was based on her experience growing up the third of three daughters of a military man. The book twice hit the bestseller lists in Australia, and led to her meeting her publisher – and second husband – Nick Hudson, whom she eventually married at age 77 (he was 70).
Levett showed the same sure touch in her writing as she did in horsebreeding. Her novella entitled "The Rangoon Incident", based loosely on her experiences in Burma, began with this beguiling and macabre sentence: "I was at a murder once." The book went on to recount an incident in Rangoon in which a military officer sitting next to Levett in the officers' club was shot in the head and died in Levett's lap, a case of mistaken identity by a jealous husband.
"I really enjoyed working with her immensely", recalled her publisher husband Hudson. "This was strange, because we really had very little in common. She had made a career in the racing industry, running two stud farms, owning a string of successful racehorses, becoming president of the Kilmore Turf Club and being named First Lady of Australian Racing, while I had never been near an Australian racetrack and regarded the industry and its adherents with contempt. Anyway, the long and the short of it was that we started living together, first at weekends and then full time."
Continuing to write under the Levett name, the racing enthusiast turned out a second book about horseracing called "Bloodstock". "The Sydney Morning Herald" called it the best book ever written about horseracing in Australia. For many years Levett had travelled to Kashmir, initially to fly fish, a hobby she had taken up from her father. Kashmir became one of the loves of her life, not simply the fishing but the people, the customs and the landscape. Recalled her publisher husband: "Visiting Kashmir with her made me understand what it's like to be the Duke of Edinburgh, constantly bathing in his wife's glory. Robin has friends at all social levels."
"One day during our last trip," Hudson recalled of the couple's last journey to Kashmir, "we attended a European-style lunch party with the cream of the Kashmiri political elite, including an ex-Chief Minister (the equivalent of a State Premier), and then went on to sit on the floor in the home of a boatman who paddles a "shikara" on the Dal Lake, being offered traditional Kashmiri hospitality. What did our hosts have in common? They were both personal friends of Robin's."
Levett devoted a book to her experiences in Kashmir, which she visited every year since 1972 (including the years of intense civil war), calling it "The Shikari". Its twin subjects were an unlikely pairing: the wonders of fly fishing and the horrors of civil war. Critics were enraptured with the work, some calling it Levett's finest. As for Levett, she continued to travel to Kashmir each year, and supported several Kashmiri families.
Levett continued to travel abroad and across Australia in her last years, and visited her beloved Kilmore Turf Club at every opportunity. After being named "The First Lady of Australian Racing" in the 1990s, she was a popular hostess and guest at race-related events. Following Levett's death on 14 August 2008, from pneumonia, there was a send-off at the Kilmore Turf Club in her honour. The Kilmore track now runs a Robin Levett Memorial race in honour of the pilot, parachutist, traveller, writer and naturelover.

</doc>
<doc id="20212959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212959" title="Magda Bogin">
Magda Bogin

Magda Bogin is a New York-based writer, who has produced a body of work that straddles fiction, poetry, opera and non-fiction. Born in Manhattan, she has lived and worked extensively in Mexico, France, Italy and Russia.
The recipient of numerous grants and awards, most recently as a librettist in residence with American Lyric Theater in New York, she has taught writing at Columbia University, Princeton, and the City College of New York. She is the founder and director of Under the Volcano, a program of writing master classes that convenes every January in Mexico and that offers ongoing cyber pods for those with works in progress.

</doc>
<doc id="20212986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212986" title="Thrasymachus of Corinth">
Thrasymachus of Corinth

Thrasymachus (; fl. 4th-century BCE) of Corinth, was a philosopher of the Megarian school. Little is known about him except that he was colleague and friend of Ichthyas, and he had presumably been taught by Euclid of Megara, the founder of the school. He was said to have been the teacher of Stilpo.

</doc>
<doc id="20212988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212988" title="USS Wapato (YTB-788)">
USS Wapato (YTB-788)

USS "Wapato" (YTB-788) was a United States Navy large district harbor tug named for Wapato, Washington. 
Construction and commissioning.
The contract for "Wapato" was awarded 14 January 1965. She was laid down on 14 January 1966 at Marinette, Wisconsin, by Marinette Marine and launched 18 April 1966.
Operational history.
Delivered to the U.S. Navy on 21 June 1966, "Wapato" was assigned to the 10th Naval District and operated out of San Juan, Puerto Rico, aiding ships in berthing and docking maneuvers and providing waterfront fire protection.
Stricken on 25 April 1996, "Wapato" was sold on 27 December 2002.
Repowered and chartered for a time to SeaBulk Towing of Florida as "Osprey", ex-"Wapato" is currently active in commercial service as "Barbara MacAllister".

</doc>
<doc id="20212989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212989" title="Sarel Erwee">
Sarel Erwee

Sarel Erwee (born 10 November 1989) is a South African cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler who plays for KwaZulu Natal. He was born in Pietermaritzburg.
Erwee made his List A debut in January 2008, against KZN Inland. As a lower-order batsman, he scored just a single run in his debut.
Erwee made his first-class debut in October 2008 against South Western Districts. Batting in the upper order, he scored 8 runs in his debut innings.

</doc>
<doc id="20212992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212992" title="Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986">
Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986

Spain was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, held in Bergen, Norway.
For the tenth straight year, Spain's national broadcaster, Televisión Española, selected their entrant and song for the Eurovision Song Contest internally. This internal selection process would apply to each Spanish Eurovision entrant until 1999.
For 1986, the band Cadillac, already heavily popular by this time in Spain for their string of hit pop/Rock en Español albums, were selected as Spain's representatives to send to the Contest in Bergen. They sang the song "Valentino," which was composed by José María Guzmán, the lead singer and guitarist.
At Eurovision.
At the Contest in Bergen, Cadillac was the ninth act on stage, following Turkey and preceding Switzerland. At the end of judging that evening, the song received a total of 51 points, placing Spain tenth out of a field of 20 competing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20212996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20212996" title="Mwanga I of Buganda">
Mwanga I of Buganda

Mwanga I Sebanakitta was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda from 1740 until 1741. He was the twenty third (23rd) Kabaka of Buganda.
Claim to the throne.
He was the eldest son of Prince Musanje Golooba. His mother was Nabulya Naluggwa of the Ndiga clan, the second wife of his father. He ascended to the throne after the death of his uncle, Kabaka Mawanda Sebanakitta, in 1740.
Married life.
He is recorded to have married five (5) wives:
Offspring.
He is recorded to have fathered three (3) sons:
The final years.
Kabaka Mwanga I Sebanakitta was killed by Nkunnumbi, in revenge for the murder of his son, around 1741. He was initially buried at Meerera. In 1860, his remains were exhumed and re-buried at Kavumba, Busiro. He was succeeded by his brother, Prince Namuggala Kagali.

</doc>
<doc id="20213038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213038" title="1994 Paris Open – Singles">
1994 Paris Open – Singles

Goran Ivanišević was the defending champion but lost in the quarter-finals to Michael Chang.
Andre Agassi won in the final 6–3, 6–3, 4–6, 7–5, against Marc Rosset.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20213052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213052" title="Alpha-Cyclodextrin">
Alpha-Cyclodextrin

"alpha"-Cyclodextrin (α-dextrin, α-cyclodextrin, α-CD, alphadextrin, alpha cyclodextrin (dietary fiber)) is a polysaccharide of six glucose units that are covalently attached end to end via α-1, 4 linkages. They are sold under the brand names Calorease, Cavamax W6 and FBCx. There are two other naturally occurring cyclodextrins, β (beta) - and γ (gamma) -, which contain seven and eight glucose units respectively. In water, these fibers take on a toroid or truncated cone configuration. In aqueous medium, the exterior surface of cyclodextrins is hydrophilic while the interior core is hydrophobic. This allows for the formation of guest-host relationships with small hydrophobic molecules. McGowan "et al.", for example, demonstrated that α-cyclodextrin was very effective at solubilizing the free fatty acids that are generated in the colorimetric determination of triglycerides. Shimada "et al." have demonstrated that at an oil:water interface α-cyclodextrin “threads” onto fatty acids in a manner analogous to threading beads onto a string. According to these authors, the number of cyclodextrin molecules per fatty acid appears to be dependent upon the length of the fatty acids that are involved. Due to the small pore size it was generally believed that α-cyclodextrin could not form a complex with triglyceride. However, Artiss "et al." demonstrated that α-cyclodextrin could complex triglyceride and at ratios that are significantly different from the 1:1 that is typical for dietary fibers. The ratio for α-cyclodextrin is actually closer to 1:9 (fiber:fat ratio). Trichard "et al." have demonstrated that α-cyclodextrin and soybean oil can form porous beads that may find utility in delivering water insoluble pharmaceuticals.
Applications.
α-Cyclodextrin is a multifunctional, soluble dietary fiber marketed under the brand name Calorease for use as a fiber ingredient, an odor or flavor masking agent as well as for emulsification applications. It is registered as a dietary fiber in the European Union since 2008. 
α-Cyclodextrin is marketed as FBCx for a range of medical, healthcare and food and beverage applications which rely on its ability to bind to fats and reduce their bioavailability both in the body and in food and beverage products. For example, the US product, Calorease, is a dietary supplement containing α-cyclodextrin that binds to fat when taken with a meal and is a natural alternative to other synthetic anti-obesity medications. α-Cyclodextrin has the unique ability among known fibers to bind nine times its own weight in fat. Although many dietary fibers appear to bind fat on a 1:1 ratio α-cyclodextrin is the only one that binds on a 1:9 (fiber:fat) ratio.As the molecular weight of the fiber and triglycerides are about the same, it would appear to follow that the cyclodextrin is actually forming a layer on the surface of the fat droplets. Bochot "et al.". have lent evidence to this theory by demonstrating that it is possible to produce “beads” with oily compartments by mixing an aqueous solution of the fiber with soybean oil albeit under somewhat more vigorous conditions than occur in the human stomach. This high ratio of binding makes α-cyclodextrin practical as a weight loss supplement.
In order for fat or triglyceride to be absorbed it must first be digested by the pancreatic enzyme lipase. If the lipase activity is decreased then the dietary triglyceride passes through to the large bowel without being absorbed. There are, however, side effects to the use of lipase inhibitors: if dietary fat is not restricted, the free fat that passes into the large bowel will precipitate side effects. Unlike lipase inhibitors FBCx forms a stable complex with the dietary fat which prevents lipase from digesting the triglyceride and the normal gut flora from using it as a carbon source, thus preventing the side effects of the lipase inhibitors.
There are no known negative side effects except for, as it is a dietary fiber, gas if you take it without having fat in your meal.
Animal and human studies are consistent with each other in demonstrating positive side benefits to taking FBCx.
Due to its surface active properties, α-cyclodextrin can also be used as an emulsifying fiber, for example in mayonnaise. It stabilizes oil-in-water emulsions very efficiently. The three-dimensional, donut-shaped cyclodextrins have a hydrophobic cavity inside and a hydrophilic cover on the outside. A fatty acid tail of triglycerides is attracted by the cavity and encapsulated there. This leads to the build-up of a surfactant-like structure which has emulsion-stabilizing properties. Depending on the oil-to-water ratio and the amount of α-cyclodextrin used, the viscosity, and therefore the organoleptic properties, of the emulsion are altered. From ketchup-like viscosity to icing-like viscosity, all grades can be adjusted. Often with significant less fat content and thus reduced calories. Furthermore, stable emulsions are feasible even at elevated temperatures.
α-Cyclodextrin can also be used as whipping fiber, for example in desserts and confectionary applications. Tests showed that alpha cyclodextrins can cause a volume effect in various different food compositions with or without fat and at a very broad pH range. This can be used for fat free or fat containing dessert compositions and for the reduction or the replacement of egg white in confectionary and bakery applications.
Structure.
α-Cyclodextrin is a naturally occurring, cyclic oligosaccharide, enzymatically produced from starch. It is a well-defined, chemically pure substance consisting of six linked glucose units. 
Synthesis.
Cyclodextrins are natural starch-conversion products. For industrial use, they are manufactured by enzymatic degradation from vegetable raw materials, such as corn or potatoes. First the starch is liquified either by heat treatment or using α-amylase. Then cyclodextrin glycosyl transferase (CGTase) is added for enzymatic conversion. CGTases can synthesize all forms of cyclodextrins, thus for the production of the α-cyclodextrin, one specific enzyme must be used. 

</doc>
<doc id="20213054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213054" title="Tatarlı, Goranboy">
Tatarlı, Goranboy

Tatarlı is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,941. 

</doc>
<doc id="20213055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213055" title="Veyisli">
Veyisli

Veyisli (known as Çalaberti until 1998) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,887. 

</doc>
<doc id="20213061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213061" title="Yeni yol, Azerbaijan">
Yeni yol, Azerbaijan

Yeni yol is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,491. The municipality consists of the villages of Yeni yol and Təhlə.

</doc>
<doc id="20213064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213064" title="Henri Padou">
Henri Padou

Henri Padou (May 15, 1898 – November 19, 1981) was a French water polo player and freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics, in the 1924 Summer Olympics, in the 1928 Summer Olympics, and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was the father of Henri Padou, Jr.
In 1920 he was a member of the French water polo team which was eliminated in the first round of the Olympic water polo competition. Padou played in the only match and scored the only goal. He was also a member of the French freestyle relay team which was eliminated in the first round of the 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay event. In the 100 metre freestyle competition he was also eliminated in the first round.
Four years later at the Paris Games he won the gold medal with the French water polo team. He played all four matches and scored three goals. With the French freestyle relay team he was eliminated in the semi-finals 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay event. In the 100 metre freestyle competition he was again eliminated in the first round.
At the 1928 Games he won the bronze medal with the French water polo team. He played all six matches and scored at least three goals (not all scorers are known).
In 1936 at his last Olympic appearance he finished fourth with the French water polo team in the Olympic water polo competition. He played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20213068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213068" title="Nərimanlı, Goranboy">
Nərimanlı, Goranboy

Nərimanlı is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,229. The municipality consists of the villages of Nərimanlı and Cinli-Zeynallı.

</doc>
<doc id="20213072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213072" title="Əlirzalı">
Əlirzalı

Əlirzalı is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,006. 

</doc>
<doc id="20213076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213076" title="Dəyirmanlar">
Dəyirmanlar

Dəyirmanlar (known as Mixaylovka until 1998)

</doc>
<doc id="20213079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213079" title="Sarov, Goranboy">
Sarov, Goranboy

Sarov is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 854.

</doc>
<doc id="20213085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213085" title="Məşədiqaralar">
Məşədiqaralar

Məşədiqaralar is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 595. 

</doc>
<doc id="20213087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213087" title="Austria in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986">
Austria in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986

Austria was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, held in Bergen, Norway.
For 1986, the Austrian broadcaster, Österreichischer Rundfunk, selected their candidate for the Eurovision Song Contest internally. They chose Timna Brauer, daughter of well-known painter Arik Brauer, and one-half of the world music/jazz duo, "Timna Brauer & Elias Meiri Ensemble," to represent Austria at Bergen. The song chosen to go with her was "Die Zeit ist einsam" ("Time is lonely"), composed by Peter Janda with lyrics by Peter Cornelius.
At the Contest in Bergen, Brauer was the sixteenth performer on stage, following Cyprus and preceding Sweden. At the end of judging that evening, the song received a total of 12 points, placing Austria 18th out of a field of 20 competing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20213094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213094" title="Mule (newspaper)">
Mule (newspaper)

MULE is a non-profit, Manchester-based independent media project. The newspaper had a quarterly print run of 10,000, distributed free around the city of Manchester until August 2010, and runs a regularly updated website. The paper is openly political and critical of local councils and politicians, big business and property developers, privatisation of public space, public bodies and Greater Manchester Police. "MULE" claims to be committed to social, economic and environmental justice and social change.
"MULE"′s mission is to reach out to a wide-ranging cross-section of society, producing an accessible and tabloid style paper, which aims to address issues the mainstream local media neglect via investigative journalism. It focuses on a number of areas its members consider important, particularly local democracy, corporate power and big business in Manchester, local public bodies and quangos, property developers and regeneration, right wing extremism and racism (particularly the British National Party and English Defence League), deportation and detention of migrants, community campaigns, and local cultural events. It has been critical of the Conservative-Liberal Democrat Coalition and has actively reported on local groups fighting the government's austerity drive and cuts to public services.
"MULE"′s website also provides an online diary (which includes all of Manchester City Council's public meetings) for local groups to post events on. On the website the collective encourage new writers to get involved and for local people to send in their stories.
Origins.
The first pilot print issue came out in 2006. The idea for the project was born out of the now closed Basement social centre in Manchester. The founders wrote that 'A spectre now haunts the world: a global commercial media system dominated by a small number of huge corporations. It is a system that works to advance the cause of the global market and promote commercial values, while denigrating journalism and culture not conducive to the immediate bottom line or long-run corporate interests. Ten years ago in the UK, the media was spread across 50 companies. Now its down to four conglomerates. The few major media multinationals have unprecedented power, owning press and television, book publishing, film production, and databases. The British government has recently announced a relaxation of the media rules allowing conglomerates to swallow even more of the industry.' The original paper was designed as a national paper with local sections for different cities. It was relaunched in 2008 as a local Manchester-focused project. In 2010 the group became incorporated as Mule Media Ltd and is part of the Co-ops UK network.
Contributors.
The writers and researchers for MULE have varying levels of journalistic experience, from first-time writers to professional journalists. At present MULE is entirely volunteer-run with no paid staff in the core group of six individuals. The MULE collective however has expressed its desire to pay its core members. MULE provides occasional workshops and media training for new writers and contributors.
Funding.
MULE is funded by various foundations and funding bodies, and is trying to diversify its income through individual donations, subscriptions, merchandise and advertising.
Collective editing.
MULE is unusual in that it practices a collective editing process. This means that instead of having one editor who makes major decisions alone, the approval of sub-editors and management collective members is required. This is a similar method of organizing to the New York based Indypendent Newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="20213103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213103" title="William Hodson (cricketer, born 1808)">
William Hodson (cricketer, born 1808)

William Hodson (christened February 20, 1808) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex. He was born in Brighton.
Hodson made a single first-class appearance, during the 1808 season, against England. Batting in the tailend, Hodson scored a duck in each innings in which he batted.
Another William Hodson, of unknown relation, played first-class cricket between 1860 and 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="20213119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213119" title="Oklahoma State Highway 85">
Oklahoma State Highway 85

State Highway 85 (abbreviated SH-85 or OK-85) is a state highway in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. The highway is long. SH-85 provides access to the northwest shore of Grand Lake, a major recreation center for northwest Oklahoma. SH-85 has one lettered spur highway, SH-85A.
Route description.
SH-85 begins at State Highway 82 west of the town of Ketchum, in Craig County. The highway travels east along Ketchum Road into the town. On the east side of Ketchum, SH-85 crosses into Delaware County. Shortly after crossing the county line, the route turns north. The road crosses the Duck Creek arm of Grand Lake, then turns east and then northeast before returning to a due north course. SH-85 then passes through the unincorporated settlement of Cleora. SH-85 then briefly turns east before once again heading north. SH-85 crosses Duck Creek proper near its source.
SH-85 then approaches a T intersection. The east leg of the T is SH-85A, while SH-85 follows the west leg of the T. The highway turns north again to intersect US-60/69, where SH-85 ends.
SH-85A.
SH-85A, a highway entirely in Delaware County, is the only lettered spur highway from SH-85. It begins at an intersection with SH-85 north of Cleora. The highway travels east to pass through the town of Bernice, on the shores of Grand Lake. The highway crosses an arm of the lake just east of the town. SH-85A then ends at State Highway 125.

</doc>
<doc id="20213141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213141" title="Universal Culture Shock/Undiscovered Numbers &amp; Colors">
Universal Culture Shock/Undiscovered Numbers &amp; Colors

Universal Culture Shock/Undiscovered Numbers & Colors is a two-disc compilation album by American experimental metal band Foreign Objects released on October 31, 2004 by Distant Recordings. The first disc, "Universal Culture Shock", is an album of previously unreleased material featuring guest guitarist James Murphy. "Universal Culture Shock" was originally intended to be the band's follow-up album to their 1995 debut EP, "The Undiscovered Numbers & Colors", but after changing their direction and regrouping under the band name Oil in 1996, Foreign Objects was put aside until 2003, when vocalist and guitarist Deron Miller and drummer Jess Margera decided to begin re-recording the songs from the album. The second disc in the compilation is a remastered version of the band's original EP, "The Undiscovered Numbers & Colors".

</doc>
<doc id="20213142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213142" title="Kurəcay">
Kurəcay

Kurəcay (also, Kürəkçay) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 504. 

</doc>
<doc id="20213150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213150" title="Abbasqulular, Goranboy">
Abbasqulular, Goranboy

Abbasqulular is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 495. 

</doc>
<doc id="20213164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213164" title="Energy Release Component">
Energy Release Component

The energy release component (ERC) is a number related to the available energy (BTU) per unit area (square foot) within the flaming front at the head of a fire. Daily variations in ERC are due to changes in moisture content of the various fuels present, both live and dead. Since this number represents the potential "heat release" per unit area in the flaming zone, it can provide guidance to several important fire activities. It may also be considered a composite fuel moisture value as it reflects the contribution that all live and dead fuels have to potential fire intensity. The ERC is a cumulative or "build-up" type of index. As live fuels cure and dead fuels dry, the ERC values get higher, thus providing a good reflection of drought conditions. The scale is open-ended or unlimited and, as with other NFDRS components, is relative. Conditions producing an ERC value of 24 represent a potential heat release twice that of conditions resulting in an ERC value of 12.
Source.
"This article incorporates text from a publication of the " U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) "with content in the public domain."

</doc>
<doc id="20213167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213167" title="Asiatic Petroleum Company">
Asiatic Petroleum Company

Asiatic Petroleum Company was a joint venture between the Shell and Royal Dutch oil companies founded in 1903. It operated in Asia in the early twentieth century. The corporate headquarters were on The Bund in Shanghai, China. The division tested the limits of corporate liability in the "Lennard's Carrying Co Ltd v Asiatic Petroleum Co Ltd" case.
The company was involved in the early developments of Frank Whittle in the jet engine field, a Mr. I Lubbock of the company devising a suitable combustion chamber design, known as the 'Lubbock Burner' and used in the Power Jets WU and subsequent engines.

</doc>
<doc id="20213202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213202" title="Northrup House">
Northrup House

Northrup House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20213212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213212" title="Lip strap">
Lip strap

A lip strap is a piece of horse tack made of rolled leather or occasionally thin chain, used sometimes on some types of English-style curb and Pelham bits. The lip strap runs between the bit shanks and passes through a special center ring on a curb chain sometimes called the "fly link." The lip strap attaches to rings at midpoint of the shanks and buckles on the near side.
The lip strap helps keep a "mouthy" horse from mouthing or "lipping" the shank. It also helps prevent the curb chain from unfastening or otherwise moving too much.
In western riding, the "slobber bar" or "shank hobble" placed between the rein rings of a curb bit serves the same purpose as a lip strap. The leather curb strap-like attachments that are sometimes used to connect the rings of snaffle bit on a western bridle are also occasionally known as lip straps, though "bit hobble" is the term more often used.

</doc>
<doc id="20213223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213223" title="John Lowenhaupt">
John Lowenhaupt

John P. Lowenhaupt is an American former basketball player at the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia.
College of William & Mary.
A 6'5" small forward, Lowenhaupt ranks in the Top 30 all-time in the state of Virginia for men’s collegiate Division I basketball scoring. He holds career averages of 16.0 points on 54.1% shooting in 112 games played. Years later his jersey was retired at the College, making him one of only five players to have this honor. He finished third in career points at William & Mary with 1,866 during his tenure. Lowenhaupt trails only Chet Giermak (2,052) and Jeff Cohen (2,003) at their alma mater for most ever. During his career with the Tribe, Lowenhaupt garnered many accolades. They include:
Later life.
Lowenhaupt became an accountant and still lives in Williamsburg, Virginia with his family. He is currently chief financial officer for C. Lewis Waltrip II.

</doc>
<doc id="20213227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213227" title="Georges Fleurix">
Georges Fleurix

Georges Fleurix (born 31 August 1892, date of death unknown) was a Belgian water polo player who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he won the silver medal with the Belgian water polo team. He played five matches and scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20213232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213232" title="Cyprus in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986">
Cyprus in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986

Cyprus was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, held in Bergen, Norway.
For 1986, the Cypriot broadcaster, the Cyprus Broadcasting Corporation, selected their candidate for the Eurovision Song Contest internally. They chose Elpida, then a very popular singer in Greece and the Greek diaspora, who already had experience at Eurovision, representing Greece in 1979. The song chosen to go with her was "Tora Zo," ("Now I Live"), composed by Peter Yiannakis, with lyrics by Yiannakis and Fivos Gavris.
At the Contest in Bergen, Elpida was the fifteenth performer on stage, following Germany and preceding Austria. At the end of judging that evening, the song received a total of 4 points, placing Cyprus last out of a field of 20 competing countries. It was the first, and so far only, occasion in which Cyprus placed last.

</doc>
<doc id="20213236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213236" title="Ciocia">
Ciocia

Ciocia or zampitto, plural "cioce" or "zampitti", is an ethnic footwear of southern Italy.
Origins and history.
The name probably comes from late Latin "soccus", meaning slipper. It has many other forms in some Italian dialects like "chiochia", "chioca", "chiochiera", "ciocero" or "scioscio" in Neapolitan language. The terms ""ciociari"" and ""Ciociaria"" have a lexical similarity to the noun "ciocia", so many historians thought they have their root word in local footwear's name, so "ciociari" would mean 'people who wear "ciocie"'.
Italian peasants and shepherds used to wear "cioce" especially in Lazio, Molise (province of Isernia) and Basilicata, and they were represented since the 18th century in paintings, in poetry and in storiographic works for their typical shoes and for their coloured clothes. In Abruzzo, Campania, Calabria, Gargano, Etna, Kossovo and Macedonia similar footwears are reported as well.
In the traditional form, ciocie were made of large soles in leather and straps ("strènghe" or "curiòle") with which the leg was tied from the ankle to the knee. Feet were covered by a large napkin ("pèzza").

</doc>
<doc id="20213240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213240" title="Yerevanlı, Goranboy">
Yerevanlı, Goranboy

Yerevanlı is a village in the municipality of Goranboy in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20213262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213262" title="Bere (grain)">
Bere (grain)

Bere, pronounced "bear," is a six-row barley currently cultivated mainly on 5-15 hectares of land in Orkney, Scotland. It is also grown on Shetland, Caithness and on a very small scale by a few crofters on some of the Western Isles, "i.e." North Uist, Benbecula, South Uist and Barra. It is probably Britain's oldest cereal in continuous commercial cultivation.
Bere is a landrace adapted to growing on soils of a low pH and to a short growing season with long hours of daylight, as found in the high latitudes of northern Scotland. It is sown in the spring and harvested in the summer. Because of its very rapid growth rate it is sown late but is often the first crop to be harvested. It is known locally as "the 90-day barley."
Etymology.
Originally "bere" or "beir" or "bear" was a generic Lowland Scots word for barley of any kind, and was used throughout the country. Now it is used mainly in the north of Scotland. It often referred to barley of a lower yield, and the phrase "bear meal marriage" usually meant one that would not bring much wealth with it. Talking of the wide variety of crops in England, and crop rotation, Professor T.C. Smout writes: ""In Scotland, there is no evidence of such variation possibly because the range of crops was so much smaller — often only oats or bear (a primitive form of barley)"".
History.
Bere is a very old grain that may have been brought to Britain by Vikings in the 9th century or even from an earlier wave of settlement. In its early days it was also called "bygge" or "big," probably originating from "bygg," the Old Norse term for barley. It became well-adapted to the far north of Britain as successive generations of farmers grew it, selecting each year's seeds from the best plants of the previous year.
In the 19th and early 20th centuries, bere was an important crop in the Highlands and Islands region of Scotland, providing grain for milling and malting and straw for thatching and animal bedding. It was also exported from Orkney and other ports in Scotland to Northern Europe. The advent of higher-yieding barley varieties led to a deep decline in bere growing during the 19th and 20th centuries. It survives in cultivation today thanks to Barony Mills, a 19th-century watermill, which purchases the grain to produce "beremeal" which is used locally in bread, biscuits, and the traditional beremeal bannock.
Research.
The Agronomy Institute at Orkney College UHI in Scotland has had a research programme on Bere since 2002. The programme is aimed at developing new markets for the crop and developing best practices for growing it more easily and with increased yield. As a result of this research, several new markets (whisky, beer and biscuits) have been developed for Orkney Bere. The crop is also being grown on the island of Islay, for whisky production by Bruichladdich Distillery.
Alcoholic beverages.
Bere has a long history of use in making alcoholic beverages. Historical accounts from the 15th century onward show that Orkney produced large amounts of malt and beer, most of it probably from bere. An ancient tradition of making bere-based homebrew survives until this day on the island. During the 19th century, the Campbeltown distilleries used large quantities of bere in making Scotch whisky. In the early 21st century some distillers began experimenting again with bere, and in 2006, the UK's most northern brewery released a bere-based microbrew.

</doc>
<doc id="20213268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213268" title="Jules Thiry">
Jules Thiry

Jules Thiry (1898–1931) was a Belgian water polo player who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he won the silver medal with the Belgian water polo team. He played two matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20213287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213287" title="Astragalus deanei">
Astragalus deanei

Astragalus deanei is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Dean's milkvetch, or Deane's milkvetch. It is endemic to southern San Diego County, California, where it grows on the slopes of the Peninsular Ranges between El Cajon and Tecate. 
Description.
"Astragalus deanei" is mostly hairless perennial herb growing erect to heights between 30 and 60 centimeters. The leaves are up to 18 centimeters long and are made up of oval-shaped leaflets with prominent midribs. 
The open inflorescence holds up to 25 whitish flowers, each 1 to 1.5 centimeters long. 
The fruit is an inflated legume pod 1.5 to 3 centimeters long which dries to a thin, papery texture. Its single chamber contains many seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="20213327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213327" title="Brower Youth Awards">
Brower Youth Awards

The Brower Youth Awards are annual awards presented to six environmental and social justice leaders under the age of 23. The awards are in honor of David Brower and his work mentoring emerging environmental leaders. In addition to a $3,000 cash award and an all expenses paid trip to the San Francisco Bay Area to attend the awards ceremony, winners receive ongoing support and mentoring from Earth Island Institute staff and other environmental leaders.
North American activist leaders ages 13 to 22 are eligible to apply. Projects must have a measurable environmental and social impact and have demonstrated significant progress by the application deadline.
The awards ceremony is held each fall in the San Francisco Bay area, most recently at the Herbst Theatre in San Francisco.
Criteria.
Outstanding youth leadership and project impact.
“Outstanding leadership” means that you played a major leadership role in creating, organizing and implementing your project or campaign. We are looking for the person with the vision, motivation, and leadership skills that made the project or campaign work.
We gauge impact by how your efforts benefited the environment and community in terms of measurable results (e.g. acres of wildlife habitat protected or restored, number of people engaged in social issues because of the project, numbers of children no longer exposed to toxins, etc.), as well as movement-building and raising awareness.
Conservation.
CONSERVATION is work to eliminate or decrease our use of natural resources and our negative impacts on ecosystems and communities. For example:
A campaign that plays a substantial role in organizing a local community to pass a public transportation initiative
A project that significantly reduces energy use on a school campus by requiring passive solar design and the use of efficient appliances in all school facilities.
"Conserve the golden eggs carefully. Preserve the goose or there will be no more golden eggs. If you've already damaged the goose, get going on Restoration."
~ David R. Brower
Preservation.
PRESERVATION is work to protect ecosystems, species, indigenous cultures and other irreplaceable elements of the world's natural heritage. For example:
A project that secures protected nesting area for an endangered songbird
A campaign that plays a substantial role in blocking development of Native sacred sites via ongoing peaceful civil disobedience (demonstrations, street theater, marches)
Restoration.
RESTORATION is work to re-establish the healthy functioning of ecosystems; parts of ecosystems; and human communities that manage ecosystems. For example:
A project that reclaims an abandoned urban lot, creates an organic garden.
A campaign that works to eliminate carbon emissions and mitigates the impacts of global warming.
Selection process.
The Brower Youth Award recipients are selected by an independent panel of judges, including activists, educators, journalists, and environmental advocates. The Selection Committee changes for each cycle of the Brower Youth Awards. Each jury is made up of experts from a range of disciplines. Supported by a committee of Brower Youth Awards alumni and the Earth Island Institute staff, the Selection Committee ensures that award recipients are engaged in bold, visionary, and powerful leadership and activism.
Since 2000, more than 50 experts have served on the Brower Youth Awards Selection Committee.
The 2009 Selection Committee consisted of Bill McKibben, author-educator-environmentalist; Josh Dorfman, The Lazy Environmentalist; Lynn Hirshfield, Participant Media; Rha Goddess, hip hop artist; Thao Pham, Clif Bar; Barbara Brower, Professor at Portland State and daughter of David Brower; Angie Coiro, host of the Angie Coiro Show; Dave Foreman, Rewilding Institute; Phillipe Cousteau, EarthEcho Intl; and Dune Lankard, Redzone.
More information.
http://www.broweryouthawards.org/
Application Information

</doc>
<doc id="20213338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213338" title="Suuksu">
Suuksu

Suuksu or Suuk-su (, , ) is a cape on the southern coast of Crimea, Ukraine between the town Gurzuf and western slopes of Mount Ayu-Dag ("Bear Mountain"). On top of the cape is an early medieval cemetery. Excavation of the cemetery began in 1903 and turned up a variety of jewelry, dishes and weapons.
The cemetery was named for the cape, which it is located. In the Crimean Tatar language, it means "cold water" (suvuq - cold, suv - water).

</doc>
<doc id="20213373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213373" title="Aubrey Plaza">
Aubrey Plaza

Aubrey Christina Plaza (born June 26, 1984) is an American actress and comedian who has gained popularity with her deadpan-style comedy. She is a cast member on "Parks and Recreation" portraying the role of April Ludgate, and after appearing in key supporting roles in several movies, played her first leading role in a major film, starring alongside Mark Duplass in the comedy "Safety Not Guaranteed" in 2012.
Plaza began her career as an intern. After performing improv and sketch comedy at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater, she appeared in the Web series "The Jeannie Tate Show". She later appeared in films such as Judd Apatow's "Funny People" and "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World".
Early life.
Plaza was born in Wilmington, Delaware, the daughter of Bernadette, an attorney, and David Plaza, a financial advisor. She has two younger sisters, Renee and Natalie, the latter of whom she uses as inspiration for her character April Ludgate on "Parks and Recreation".
Plaza was named after the song "Aubrey" by Bread. Her father is Puerto Rican and her mother is of Irish and English descent. Plaza has stated: "I was like the only diverse kid in my high school, and I'm half-Puerto Rican. But yeah, I have a huge family and tons of cousins in Puerto Rico." She participated in productions with the Wilmington Drama League.
Plaza graduated from Ursuline Academy in 2002, and New York University's Tisch School of the Arts in 2006. While at NYU in 2004, Plaza suffered a stroke that caused temporary paralysis and expressive aphasia, but she has fully recovered.
Career.
Plaza has said that she has had many internships and that she "was an intern for Samba Post-Its." One of her jobs was to "literally wallpaper a bathroom with Post-Its." She also worked as an NBC page. She served as a director's assistant to writer/producer/director Bennett Davlin during the making of his award winning short, TC3.
She has performed improv and sketch comedy at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater since 2004. She also performed stand-up and has appeared at the Laugh Factory and The Improv. In 2008, she participated in the Improv Everywhere prank "Mobile Desktop", in which she and two other people brought desktop PCs, including a CRT monitor, tower computer, keyboard and mouse into a Starbucks and used them as people use laptops there.
Plaza starred in the online series "The Jeannie Tate Show", and stars as Robin Gibney in ESPN's "Mayne Street". She also appeared in the first episode of "Terrible Decisions with Ben Schwartz" on Funny or Die.
She played Seth Rogen's love interest, Daisy, in 2009's "Funny People" directed by Judd Apatow. She also had roles in the comedy films "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World" and Derrick Comedy's "Mystery Team", which debuted at 2009 Sundance. She appeared in a CollegeHumor short alongside Jason Bateman and Will Arnett.
She plays April Ludgate, the deadpan employee in "Parks and Recreation", and has a recurring role as "the Princess" in the comedic sci-fi web series "Troopers" on CollegeHumor.
On March 12, 2010, Plaza performed at A Night of 140 Tweets: A Celebrity Tweetathon for Haiti, produced by Rob Huebel, Paul Scheer, Ben Stiller, and Mike Rosenstein, at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre in Los Angeles. In 2011, she made a guest appearance in "Portlandia". Plaza appeared as a guest judge during a roast segment on "The Next Food Network Star" in 2011. She appeared in Episode 199 of the "WTF with Marc Maron" podcast.
In early 2012, she was featured in Father John Misty's music video for the song "Hollywood Forever Cemetery Sings" from the album "Fear Fun".
In the summer of 2012, Plaza earned her first starring role in a major film, alongside Mark Duplass, in the comedy, "Safety Not Guaranteed". In the film, Plaza plays Darius, a jaded intern who answers a curious want ad "seeking a companion for a time travelling adventure". Her performance in the film was critically acclaimed, and Gary Thompson of the Philadelphia Inquirer questions whether this role is out of her usual "pretty slacker" range but finds her performance "compelling".
At the 2013 MTV Movie Awards, Plaza "jumped onstage and tried to wrestle the (Golden Popcorn Award) statue from Will Ferrell's hand" during his acceptance speech; Ferrell integrated the interaction into his monologue as a planned moment, but the unscripted interruption led to Plaza's ejection from the event.

</doc>
<doc id="20213382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213382" title="Journal of Computer-Mediated Communication">
Journal of Computer-Mediated Communication

The Journal of Computer-Mediated Communication is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the interdisciplinary field of computer-mediated communication. It was established in 1995 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Communication Association. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", its 2010 impact factor is 1.958, ranking it 3rd out of 67 journals in the category "Communication" and 13th out of 76 journals in the category "Information Science & Library Science".
Editors.
The following persons have been editor-in-chief of the journal:

</doc>
<doc id="20213407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213407" title="Ophthalmitis (moth)">
Ophthalmitis (moth)

Ophthalmitis is a genus of geometer moth in the Boarmiini tribe. Species within this genus are:

</doc>
<doc id="20213410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213410" title="Ellough">
Ellough

Ellough is a parish in the English county of Suffolk located approximately south-east of Beccles. The area is sparsely populated with a mid-2005 population estimate of 40. Neighbouring villages include North Cove, Weston, Sotterley and Henstead. The parish council operates to administer jointly the parishes of Shadingfield, Willingham St Mary, Sotterley and Ellough.
The village was the site of a second world war airfield built in 1943 and operated today as Beccles Airport. Part of the former airfield is used as a kart racetrack and as an industrial estate, including the main production site of local printing firm William Clowes Ltd. The village itself is dispersed and has few services. 
History.
At the time of the Domesday survey Ellough, known as "Elga", was a small settlement of 4 or 5 households. It formed part of the lands of Roger Bigot and was held by Robert of Vaux, having been confiscated from Ralph Guader, former Earl of Norfolk, following a failed rebellion. It is recorded as "El'gh" prior to 1400 and as "Ellowe" on a map of 1610.
The manor passed through a number of owners, including the Playters of Sotterley, before being owned by the Earl of Gosford in the 1840s. The church held some of the glebe land of St Mary's church in Willingham. The population of the parish was 155 in 1848, falling to 125 in 1871, at which time the parish was worth £1,687 and consisted of 1,097 acres of land. The population declined dramatically following the second world war and now stands at less than 50.
All Saints Church.
Ellough church is dedicated to All Saints and stands in an exposed position on a ridge overlooking the parish. It is medieval in origin, although heavily restored in the late 19th century, and is a Grade I listed building. It stands to the south of the valley of the Hundred River which has its mouth at Kessingland.
RAF Beccles.
Ellough Airfield was completed in 1943 and served as a RAF Bomber Command and RAF Coastal Command airfield during the Second World War as RAF Beccles. The airfield was decommissioned after the war and the land is now used as an industrial estate, a farmers market and for Ellough Park Raceway, a kart racing circuit. William Clowes Ltd. printers moved to the industrial park in 2004 and the park has the UK's largest solar roof installation sited on the roof of a Promens warehouse and with a generating capacity of 1.65MW. For a time a heliport operated to service oil and gas rigs in the North Sea.
A basic airstrip, known as Beccles Airport, remains at the site, used as a training base and private airfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20213412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213412" title="Jean-Pierre Vermetten">
Jean-Pierre Vermetten

Jean-Pierre Vermetten (born 6 February 1895, date of death unknown) was a Belgian freestyle swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1920 he was a member of the Belgian freestyle relay team which was eliminated in the first round of the 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay event.
Four years later he won the silver medal with the Belgian water polo team. He played four matches and scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20213445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213445" title="Francis Gordon Forbes">
Francis Gordon Forbes

Francis Gordon Forbes (December 27, 1857 – September 4, 1941) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Queens and then Shelburne and Queen's in the Canadian House of Commons from 1891 to 1896 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Liverpool, Nova Scotia, the son of James Fraser Forbes and Sarah Jane Jacobs. Forbes was educated at St. Peter's School in Prince Edward Island and the University of King's College in Windsor. He was admitted to the Nova Scotia bar in 1883. In 1887, he married Harriette Frances Collins. He practised law in Halifax. Forbes resigned his seat in July 1896 after he was named sub-Collector of Customs. In 1897, he was named a county court judge for Nova Scotia, serving until 1921. Forbes died in Vancouver, British Columbia at the age of 83.
His sister Sarah served as a nursing sister with the Canadian contingent in the Boer War.

</doc>
<doc id="20213458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213458" title="Mark Walton (story artist)">
Mark Walton (story artist)

Mark Walton (born October 24, 1968) is an American story artist and voice actor at the Walt Disney Feature Animation. Walton is best known for voicing Rhino the hamster in "Bolt".
Early life.
Mark Walton was born on October 24, 1968 in Salt Lake City, Utah, the oldest of seven children. Although he is not a professional actor, Walton said in an interview, "I liked acting in high school and college. I enjoyed it. I think at some point I decided that if I was really going to be a professional actor that it would take at least everything that I would have emotionally or physically and I knew that I really wanted to
pursue art." He graduated from Utah State University in 1998 with a degree in illustration.
Career.
He was employed at the Disney Studios in 1999 on "Tarzan" as an additional writer. Throughout the 2000s, he became a storyboard artist on "Home on the Range", "The Zit" for the TV series, "Independent Lens", "Return to Neverland", "", "Chicken Little", "Bolt", and "Meet the Robinsons". In 2004, he started his voice actor career on "Home on the Range" as Barry & Bob, the Longhorns. The next year, he was the voice of Goosey Loosey for the computer-animated film, "Chicken Little" and its video game. In 2008, he was the voice for Rhino the hamster in "Bolt" for which he was nominated for an Annie Award for Voice Acting in a Feature Production, and the short film spin-off Super Rhino.
Fans of the movie Bolt regard Walton's character "Rhino" the gonzo frenetic hamster as their favorite, with many children reciting Rhino's seize–the–moment lines, with his ferociously enthusiastic attitude. At the premiere of "Bolt", fans swarmed Walton for autographs, with many voicing their wish for a "Rhino" solo project. Numerous positive reviews came from film critics. CNN noted “Walton's Rhino steals every scene he's in.”, while "Enewsi" stated "Walton has perfect comedic timing as Rhino". Another reviewer noted “The hamster alone is enough to make this movie worth seeing”, with other positive reviews featured in the New York Times and the Los Angeles Times, where Walton contemplated Rhino's popularity as, "he imagines he's actually something bigger and more powerful to match his big heart and big dreams -- which can't be contained by his little hamster body."
Current life.
In 2012 Walton married Morgane, who is from Nice, France. He is helping on small games called Rhinos Typing Adventure, and Palladium. He is now a teacher. One of his nephews is Nick Walton (12 years old).

</doc>
<doc id="20213460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213460" title="Veracevine">
Veracevine

Veracevine is an alkaloid that occurs in the seeds of "Schoenocaulon officinale". It is used as an insecticide in veterinary medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="20213461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213461" title="Joseph Cludts">
Joseph Cludts

Joseph Cludts (born 1896, date of death unknown) was a Belgian freestyle swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1920 he was a member of the Belgian freestyle relay team which was eliminated in the first round of the 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay event.
Four years later he won the silver medal with the Belgian water polo team. He played five matches and scored two goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20213490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213490" title="Philip Crick">
Philip Crick

Philip Charles Thurlow Crick was the Anglican Bishop of Rockhampton in Australia from 1921 until 1927 and the Bishop of Ballarat until 1935.
Crick was born into a clerical family on 18 November 1882 and educated at Winchester and Pembroke College, Cambridge. His first ministry position was as a curate at St Mary's Barnsley after which he was appointed Fellow and then Dean of Clare College, Cambridge. After wartime service as a chaplain in the Forces he returned to Cambridge where he remained until his appointment to the episcopate. He returned to England in 1935 and continued to serve in the Church of England as an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Derby but died only two years later at his wife's family home Densworth in Sussex on 12 July 1937. He is buried at St Mary's Funtington, West Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="20213509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213509" title="Vinzenz Fux">
Vinzenz Fux

Vinzenz Fux (Vincenzio Fuxio), ("circa"1606–1659) was an Austrian musician and composer.
Fux was born in Weißkirchen, Styria, and was employed as the organist of the church Maria am Gestade in Vienna before he joined the chapel of the widowed Empress Eleanora. Fux mainly composed Masses and trio sonatas, which have survived in manuscripts. It is testimony of their high quality that they were even taken at times for works of the later imperial chapelmaster Johann Joseph Fux, who was however not related to Vinzenz Fux. The Kroměříž music archive is the major source of musical compositions by Vinzenz Fux.
Vinzenz Fux died in Vienna, in his early fifties.

</doc>
<doc id="20213518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213518" title="Fife Public Schools">
Fife Public Schools

Fife Public Schools is a school district in Fife, Washington, United States. The district was established on December 22, 1899.
Fife Schools is a member of the Standard Bearer Network founded by the Schlechty Center which is a non-profit organization that helps schools and districts to transform by emphasizing student engagement. Fife has been a member of the Standard Bearer Network since 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20213524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213524" title="Frederick Norton Manning">
Frederick Norton Manning

Frederick Norton Manning (25 February 1839 – 18 June 1903), was a medical practitioner, military surgeon, Inspector General of the Insane for the Colony of New South Wales, and was an Australian Lunatic Asylum Superintendent. He was a leading figure in the establishment of a number of lunatic asylums in the colonies of New South Wales and Victoria, and participated in inquests and reviews of asylums throughout the colonies.
Early career.
Manning studied at St George's Hospital, London (M.R.C.S., L.S.A., 1860) and the University of St Andrews (M.D., 1862). After joining the navy as a surgeon he saw active service in New Zealand on board HMS Esk. The ship took part in the New Zealand land wars in New Zealand and Manning was present at the savage fighting at Gate Pa, where most of the officers in the naval brigade were either killed or wounded.
Tarban Creek.
On a visit to Sydney in 1867 Manning was invited by Henry Parkes to become medical superintendent of the Tarban Creek Lunatic Asylum. Before accepting, Manning went overseas and studied methods of patient care and administration of asylums; on his return to Sydney he submitted a notable report. He was appointed to Tarban Creek on 15 October 1868 and immediately reported on the isolation of patients from their relations in accommodation best described as 'prison-like and gloomy', the inadequate facilities for their gainful employment and recreation and the monotonous diets deficient in both quantity and quality. In January 1869 the asylum's name was changed to the Hospital for the Insane, Gladesville, wherein patients were to receive treatment rather than be confined in a 'cemetery for diseased intellects'. By 1879 radical changes in patient care and accommodation had been made. Gladesville was extended and modernized and an asylum for imbeciles set up in Newcastle and a temporary asylum at Cooma. Manning minimized the use of restraint and provided for patient activities. Manning also established a vineyard at Tarban Creek in 1870.
Inspector General.
On 1 July 1876 Manning was appointed Inspector General of the Insane with responsibility for all mental institutions except the Parramatta asylum for criminals. After much agitation by Manning, new hospitals were opened at Callan Park and Goulburn, and additions made to the Darlinghurst reception house. Manning believed that staff should be competent and encouraged in-service training for nurses and attendants. He often criticized the accommodation and low wages. He supported the creation of the Australasian Trained Nurses' Association and in 1899-1902 was its first president.
Other duties.
Manning had become a trustee of Royal Prince Alfred Hospital in 1873 and was a member of the New South Wales branch of the British Medical Association. In 1876, he was elected to the Royal Society of New South Wales and in 1883-84 was chairman of its medical section. In 1883-96 he was an examiner and in 1886-88 the first lecturer in psychological medicine at the University of Sydney. In 1882 he had been appointed to the Board of Health and in 1889-92 was medical advisor to the government, president of the Board of Health and health and emigration officer for Port Jackson. He was prominent in the proceedings of the second (1889) and third (1892) sessions of the Intercolonial Medical Congress of Australasia. Manning had served on an inquiry into the Hospital for the Insane at New Norfolk, Tasmania, in 1884 and on another at the Bay View Lunatic Asylum in 1894. In 1895 he served on the Royal Commission on the notorious poisoner, George Dean. He agreed with Dr P. S. Jones that the evidence was compatible with attempted suicide and secured Dean's release.
Final years.
On 12 February 1898, ill health forced Manning to retire as Inspector General. In February 1899, he was appointed to the Royal Commission on public charities. In 1901 he became a trustee of the National Art Gallery of New South Wales. Unmarried, he died from a stomach ulcer on 18 June 1903 at his rooms in Phillip Street, and at his request was buried in the cemetery at Gladesville Mental Hospital. His grave can still be seen in a grove adjacent to Victoria Road. Some of his papers are in the National Library of Australia.
In Memoriam.
The two main roads of the Macquarie Hospital, North Ryde, (formerley the North Ryde Psychiatric Centre and Gladesville Macquarie Hospital) are Norton Road (entrance from Coxs Road) and Manning Road (entrance from Wicks Road) are fittingly named after Frederick Norton Manning.

</doc>
<doc id="20213531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213531" title="New York State Route 185">
New York State Route 185

New York State Route 185 (NY 185) is an east–west state highway in Essex County, New York, in the United States. It serves as a connector between NY 9N and NY 22 in Crown Point and the Lake Champlain Bridge, by which the highway enters Vermont and becomes Vermont Route 17 (VT 17). NY 185, named Bridge Road, passes through Crown Point State Historic Site and runs the entire length of Crown Point, a peninsula protruding into Lake Champlain.
NY 185 was assigned on April 4, 2008, as a signed replacement for New York State Route 910L, an unsigned reference route. It is the third signed designation that Bridge Road has carried, preceded by New York State Route 347 (during the early 1930s) and NY 8 (1930s to the 1960s). NY 185 originally connected to the Champlain Bridge on its east end; however, that structure was closed and demolished in late 2009. Its replacement opened to traffic in November 2011.
Route description.
NY 185 begins at an intersection with NY 9N and NY 22 in Crown Point. The route progresses eastward as a two-lane highway named Bridge Road. Heading away from the western terminus, there is a fork in the road: to the left is NY 185, and to the right is a road to a housing development. Most of NY 185 runs along the lowlands around Lake Champlain, making curves at intersections, and heading on relatively flat elevations. As the highway approaches the lake, it makes a curve to the north. There, it intersects with County Route 48 (Lake Road) and begins to follow the lake shore.
The highway passes to the east of the Crown Point State Historic Site and its campground before ascending up the approach to the Lake Champlain Bridge. After making a final curve to the northeast, NY 185 begins to cross Lake Champlain by way of the bridge. The route ends at the Vermont state line at the bridge's midpoint, and the roadway continues into Vermont as VT 17.
History.
The Champlain Bridge was built in 1929, connecting Crown Point in New York to Chimney Point in Vermont. A short connector highway between the bridge—which connected to VT 17 in Vermont—and NY 22 in Crown Point, named Bridge Road, was originally designated as NY 347 as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York. NY 347 became part of an extended NY 8 .
NY 8 was truncated south to Hague , eliminating a lengthy overlap with NY 22 and NY 9N. Its former routing along Bridge Road became NY 903, an unsigned reference route. The NY 903 designation was later replaced with NY 910L when a new numbering system for reference routes was adopted by the New York State Department of Transportation, and NY 910L itself was redesignated and signed as NY 185 on April 4, 2008.
On October 16, 2009, the Champlain Bridge was closed to traffic due to structural concerns. The bridge was demolished on December 28, 2009, as a result of those concerns, temporarily reducing NY 185 in purpose to a spur route linking NY 9N and NY 22 to Crown Point. Its replacement, the Lake Champlain Bridge, opened to traffic on November 7, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20213547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213547" title="Lower Silesian Regional Assembly">
Lower Silesian Regional Assembly

The Lower Silesian Regional Assembly () is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of Lower Silesian, Poland. It is a unicameral body consists of thirty-six councillors elected in free elections for a 4-year term. The current chairperson of the assembly is Jerzy Pokój. 
The Regional Assembly meets in the Marshal's Office in Wrocław.
Districts.
Members of the Assembly are elected from five districts, serve four-year terms. Districts does not have the constituencies formal names. Instead, each constituency has a number and territorial description.
2006-10 Term.
Former Councillors III Term:

</doc>
<doc id="20213564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213564" title="Weston, Suffolk">
Weston, Suffolk

Weston is a village and civil parish in the English county of Suffolk located approximately south of Beccles in the District of Waveney. The parish lies either side of the A145 and is crossed by the Ipswich to Lowestoft railway line. Neighbouring villages include Ellough, Ringsfield, Willingham St Mary and Shadingfield. The village is largely dispersed with a mid-2005 population estimate for the parish of 230.
The village has few services and a joint parish council covers both Ringsfield and Weston. The village once had a school, on King's Lane, and a public house, the Duke of Marlborough on the main A145. Both are now closed and the major centre of population in the parish is to the west where it borders Ringsfield Corner.
The parish church is medieval in origin and dedicated to St Peter. It has a primarily Norman core and is a Grade I listed building. The parish was combined with that of All Saints Church, Ellough in the 1970s.
History.
The village is named in the Domesday book as "Westuna" and formed part of the William the Conqueror's estate, with land also being held by Roger Bigot, Hugh de Montfort and Geoffrey de Mandeville. The village, which formed part of the Hundred of Wangford, had a population of around 30 families and paid around 2 geld in taxation.
The manor passed through many hands, including, in the reign of Henry I, the Lord Chancellor William Longchamp. Weston Hall was built in the late 16th century for the Rede family and partly demolished following a fire in 1821. The population of the parish was 211 in 1841, rising to 261 in 1871 and remaining at around that level until after the second world war.
The church of St Peter.
The main body of the church is Norman in origin, built of local flint and mainly dating from the 12th century. It has a square 15th century tower and 15th century porch with a 13th century chancel and doorway to the nave. Suckling describes the church as "in a wretched state of repair and neglect" in 1846, at which time it was thatched. The building was restored in the 1860s, including the renewal of many of the windows, although remnants of earlier windows remain.
Inside, the church has a high 15th century octagonal baptismal font carved with representations of the seven sacraments. The font stands over six feet above the floor of the church on a Maltese cross. A series of 15th century carved bench ends and the remnants of three 16th century wall paintings also remain within the church, which also features a rare example of the Arms of James II on the south nave wall.

</doc>
<doc id="20213565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213565" title="Oliver Horn">
Oliver Horn

Oliver c.M Horner (born May 22, 1901, date of death unknown) was an American water polo player who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in St. Louis, Missouri.
In 1924 he won the bronze medal with the American water polo team. He played all five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20213567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213567" title="Palatine T 5">
Palatine T 5

Class T 5 of the Palatinate Railway was a German, goods train, tank locomotive class with five coupled axles and no carrying axles. 
In 1925 they were absorbed by the Deutsche Reichsbahn as DRG Class 94.0 into their renumbering plan.
These engines were bought specifically for the inclines between Pirmasens and Biebermühle. They could reach a speed of 40 km/h on the level with a 1,510 tonne train load, and 30 km/h on an incline of 2%. Overall however they were unable to match the power of locomotives from Prussia or Saxony and were retired by 1926.
The locomotive which was formerly no. 307 in the Palatinate Railway (DRG No. 94 002) was disposed of to the Eschweiler Mining Union and employed at the Baesweiler coal mine, where it was given the name of "Carl Alexander" and the number 3; it remained in service there until 1974. Today it is displayed at the Neustadt/Weinstrasse Railway Museum in Neustadt an der Weinstrasse, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Literature.
Horst J. Obermayer: "Taschenbuch Deutsche Dampflokomotiven.Regelspur". 2. Auflage, Franckh'sche Verlagshandlung, Stuttgart 1971, ISBN 3-440-03643-X

</doc>
<doc id="20213570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213570" title="USS Wapello (YN-56)">
USS Wapello (YN-56)

USS "Wapello" (YN-56), later YNT-24, was a United States Navy net tender in commission from 1941 to 1946.
"Wapello" was completed as the commercial tug "R. K. Evans" in April 1941 by the Gulfport Boiler and Welding Works at Port Arthur, Texas, for the General Motors Corporation of Cleveland, Ohio. Acquired by the U.S. Navy for service as a net tender, renamed USS "Wapello", and designated YN-56, she was placed in service on 9 June 1941.
On 15 June 1941, "Wapello" arrived at the Naval Station Key West at Key West, Florida, for conversion and fitting-out. On 26 June 1941, she departed for Cuba in company with fleet tug USS "Umpqua" (AT-25) and arrived at Guantanamo Bay. Cuba, on 29 June 1941. Escorted by cargo ship USS "Vega" (AK-17) from Guantanamo Bay to San Diego, California, and by fleet oiler USS "Ramapo" (AO-12) from the United States West Coast to the Hawaiian Islands, "Wapello" arrived at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, on 27 August 1941.
Attached to the 14th Naval District, "Wapello" tended harbor nets through the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941. She remained at Pearl Harbor for the duration of hostilities, engaged in unglamorous but vital tasks. She was reclassified as a tug-class net tender, YNT-24, on 7 April 1942.
With the end of the war in the Pacific on 15 August 1945, the need for "Wapello"s services decreased rapidly, and she was declared surplus. Placed out of service at Bremerton, Washington, on 23 October 1946 and struck from the Navy List on 21 November 1946, "Wapello" was turned over to the War Shipping Administration for disposal on 3 May 1947.
She entered commercial service as "Anna Coppedge". In succeeding years her name changed several times, to "Colorado Point", "Creole Firme", "Island No. 1", and "Gorgona II". At the time of the name change to "Island No. 1", she was reflagged as a Panamanian vessel. Her commercial career ended when she was crushed by a merchant ship in a lock of the Panama Canal; she was towed to Miraflores Lake after the accident and sank there.

</doc>
<doc id="20213586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213586" title="Boombox (album)">
Boombox (album)

Boombox (subtitled "The Remix Album 2000–2008") is a remix album by Australian pop singer Kylie Minogue, released by Parlophone on 5 January 2009. The album contains remixes produced between 2000 and 2008, including a remix of the previously unreleased title track, "Boombox".
Background.
Most of the remixes featured on the compilation are edited down from their original form to be able to fit on the physical disc. "Please Stay" and "Chocolate" are the only two singles released from this era that do not appear on the album in a remixed form. "Kids", the duet with Robbie Williams, also does not appear as at the time of the single's release no remixes were ever commissioned.
On 11 December 2008, it was announced that the album would be released in the United States, to coincide with her nomination for the Grammy Awards of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20213603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213603" title="Mrs. G. Goes to College">
Mrs. G. Goes to College

Mrs. G. Goes To College (later retitled The Gertrude Berg Show) is an American situation comedy which aired on CBS from October 4, 1961 to April 5, 1962. The series starred Emmy Award-winning actress Gertrude Berg. 
Synopsis.
Having previously starred in the long-running radio and television series "The Goldbergs", Gertrude Berg returned to episodic television as Sarah Green, a 62-year-old widow who enters college. The character of Sarah Green (very similar to "Molly Goldberg") had been previously introduced to viewers as "Aunt Sarah" on Jackie Cooper's "Hennesey" sitcom on CBS earlier in 1961. English actor Cedric Hardwicke played Professor Crayton, and popular character actress Mary Wickes portrayed Maxfield. Skip Ward was cast as Joe Caldwell, and Marion Ross appeared as Berg's daughter, Susan Green. Leo Penn appeared as Jerry Green.
The series aired at the 9:30 Eastern slot on Wednesdays, under the sponsorship of General Foods, following CBS's "Checkmate". "Mrs. G. Goes to College" aired during the second half of ABC's "Hawaiian Eye" and NBC's "Perry Como's Kraft Music Hall". Halfway through the first season, the series was retitled "The Gertrude Berg Show". However, reviews for the series were unfavorable and ratings were moderate leading CBS to cancel the series after one season.
Production notes.
"Mrs. G. Goes to College" was released by Dick Powell's Four Star Television. The series was produced by Hy Averback, the music was by Herschel Burke Gilbert. 

</doc>
<doc id="20213609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213609" title="List of monarchs of Desmond">
List of monarchs of Desmond

The following is a list of monarchs of the Kingdom of Desmond. Most were of the MacCarthy Mór ("great MacCarthy"), the senior branch of the MacCarthy dynasty.
Later MacCarthy Mór chiefs.
The title Chief of the Name "MacCarthy Mór", heir of the historical chief, was claimed by Terence Francis MacCarthy and recognised in 1992 by the Chief Herald of Ireland. In 1999 recognition was withdrawn after it emerged that evidence for the claim had been fabricated. In 2008
In June 2009, Liam Trant MacCarthy (born 27 December 1957) of Southern Rhodesia received recognition from Garter Principal King of Arms at the College of Arms in London as the senior descendent and claimant to the title MacCarthy Mór. He is the son of Cormac Trant McCarthy (1931-1999), the son of William, otherwise Liam, Trant McCarthy, Solicitor (1894-1967), the son of William Patrick Trant McCarthy (1853-1901), the son of Daniel McCarthy of Srugrena and his wife Ellen, the daughter of Patrick Trant of Waterford. The top two generations of this pedigree appear on a pedigree in the former Ulster Office of Arms. The family pedigree was also published in "Burke's Irish Landed Gentry" under the heading MacCarthy of Srugrena Abbey Co. Kerry.

</doc>
<doc id="20213637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213637" title="Campeonato Nacional de Rugby I Divisão">
Campeonato Nacional de Rugby I Divisão

The Campeonato Nacional de Rugby I Divisão is the second tier competition of the Portuguese domestic rugby championship and is organised by the Portuguese Rugby Federation. The winner gets promoted to the Campeonato Nacional Honra/Super Bock and the last positioned team gets relegated to the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby II Divisão. The current champions are GDS Cascais, from Cascais. The league consists of 8 teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20213640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213640" title="Roger Mowry Tavern">
Roger Mowry Tavern

The Roger Mowry Tavern (also known as the Roger Mowry House or Olney House) was a historic stone ender house, built around 1653, in Providence, Rhode Island. It was the oldest house in Providence, Rhode Island until it was demolished in 1900.
Roger Mowry, an early settler in Providence, built the house around 1653 according to research by Norman Isham. Mowry was a constable and operated the only tavern in the town. The tavern also served as a government meeting place, church, and jail. The Mowry Tavern was allegedly one of only five buildings not burned by the Indians during King Philip's War because Roger Williams, a friend of the Indians, held Christian worship services there. The house was located on Abbott Street adjacent to North Burial Ground and was demolished in 1900 so a triple decker tenement house could be constructed on its site.

</doc>
<doc id="20213643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213643" title="George Mitchell (water polo)">
George Mitchell (water polo)

George Frederick Mitchell (April 23, 1901 – November 3, 1988) was an American water polo player who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He died in Alameda, California.
In 1924 he won the bronze medal with the American water polo team. He played all five matches.
Four years later he was a member of the American team which finished fifth in the 1928 Olympic water polo tournament. He played both matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20213644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213644" title="Moldova in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Moldova in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Moldova were present in Moscow for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. TeleRadio-Moldova (TRM) held a national final to select its 2009 entry for the contest. Nelly Ciobanu with the song "Hora din Moldova" qualified in the second semi-final in Moscow on 14 May, and represented Moldova in the final on 16 May.
National final.
TeleRadio-Moldova (TRM) held an open call for songs for Eurovision 2009 from 10 November to 20 December 2008. The broadcaster received a total of 39 songs for Eurovision, two of which came from foreign composers. 20 songs were selected from the 39 submitted, and were revealed on 9 January. The national final was held on 14 February and the running order for the songs was revealed on 2 February. Natalia Gordienko, who represented Moldova in the 2006 Eurovision Song Contest in Athens, and Edict withdrew from the contest. Olia Tira also withdrew one of her two songs from the contest. They were replaced by three new singers: Doina Gherman with "Hei! Exploadează!"; Veronica Stolli with "Lerui - ler"; and Corbus Albus with "7 Days".
The selection, held in the Theatre of Opera and Ballet in Chişinău, lasted approximately four hours. Each entrant took the stage to present their bid to represent Moldova. Afterwards, an interval act included the Romanian entrant, Elena Gheorghe, who performed her Eurovision entry, "The Balkan Girls". Azerbaijani participant AySel made a special appearance in which she debuted a teaser of her Eurovision entry. Ionel Istrati,a Moldovian singer also performed his song "Uita-ma". The winner of the final was decided using televoting, the TRM voting committee, and a jury. Nelly Ciobanu was the landslide victor, winning 61% of the televote and top marks from both the committee and the jury.
At Eurovision.
Moldova had to compete in one of the two semi-finals after Geta Burlacu came 12th in the 2008 semi-final. It qualified from the second semi-final and eventually finished 14th.

</doc>
<doc id="20213669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213669" title="Hugo Rheinhold">
Hugo Rheinhold

Wolfgang Hugo Rheinhold (26 March 1853 – 2 October 1900) was a German sculptor arguably most famous for his Affe mit Schädel (Ape with Skull). His name is often misspelled Reinhold.
Life.
Hugo Rheinhold was born in Oberlahnstein, Prussia, on March 26, 1853. He schooled in Koblenz before entering the merchant trade. When 21, Rheinhold sought success in the USA and became an import and export merchant, living in San Francisco (1874–78) where he had headquarters for his business as well as in Hamburg, where he settled in 1879. The next year he married his childhood sweetheart Emma Levy from Cologne, but tragically, she was to die in 1882, after only one-and-a-half years of marriage. Emma's death had a huge impact Rheinhold. He sold his successful business and moved to Berlin to study science and philosophy at the Friedrich-Wilhelms University. In 1886, he studied under the sculptors Ernst Herter and Max Kruse, before officially enrolling as a student at the Berlin Academy of Arts (1888–92). He died, aged 47, in Berlin.
Works.
Rheinhold produced a series of notable works within a very short career span. These include, a group of reading monks ("Lesende Monche"), a tribute to Alfred Nobel (“Dynamite in the Service of Mankind”), a bust of socialist leader August Bebel and his most famous piece “Am Wege” (1896) a marble of “an unfortunate young woman with a child at her breast”. Rheinhold was protective of his Jewish heritage being a strong influence in the Deutsch-Israelitischer Gemeindebund (an association of Jewish corporations) and sculpting "Die Kämpfer" (“The Warriors”) in protest against burgeoning anti-Semitism. Rheinhold’s last work of serpentine deities in a fountain (“Brunnengrotte mit zwei Wassergottheiten”) was exhibited close to his death in 1900.”. Today, he is probably most revered for his iconic Affe mit Schädel.

</doc>
<doc id="20213670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213670" title="John Norton (water polo)">
John Norton (water polo)

John Bayes Norton (November 27, 1899 – November 24, 1987) was an American water polo player who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He died in Lebanon, Pennsylvania.
In 1924 he won the bronze medal with the American water polo team. He played three matches and scored three goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20213682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213682" title="Burnley Council election, 2008">
Burnley Council election, 2008

Elections to Burnley Council in Lancashire, England were held on 1 May 2008. One third of the council was up for election and the Liberal Democrat party gained overall control of the council from no overall control.
Police launched an investigation on the day of the election into a fake Liberal Democrat leaflet which was distributed in Rosegrove and Gannow wards. Following the election the Labour group leader Andy Tatchell was replaced by Julie Cooper. 
After the election, the composition of the council was

</doc>
<doc id="20213685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213685" title="Sotherton">
Sotherton

Sotherton is a dispersed village in Suffolk, England, located approximately south of Beccles and north east of Halesworth close to the A145. The mid-2005 population estimate for Sotherton parish was 70. Uggeshall is located just to the north-east and Blythburgh to the south-east.
The parish church is dedicated to St Andrew and is located on a small dead-end lane signposted off the A145. It is a Grade II* listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="20213696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213696" title="Malcolm &quot;Mal&quot; MacDougall">
Malcolm &quot;Mal&quot; MacDougall

Malcolm “Mal” MacDougall is a prominent speechwriter and creative director from the advertising industry. He developed several high-profile advertising campaigns in the 1980s and 1990s, including Diet Coke's “Just for the Taste of It,” and successful campaigns for Revlon, Heineken, Titleist, Procter & Gamble, BMW and the State of Israel. His campaigns have won more than 100 awards worldwide, including multiple Clios, One Show Awards and Effies. He served as president and creative director at Christy MacDougall Mitchell, at Humphrey Browning MacDougall, at Lintas, at Ally & Gargano and at Hill, Holliday. He is currently Executive Creative Director with New York-based ad agency Bodden Partners.
Malcolm MacDougall has also worked as a speechwriter and political communications strategist. He oversaw political advertising for Gerald Ford’s 1976 presidential campaign and the “Vote Republican. For a Change.” campaigns in 1980 and 1982. Some of his notable speeches include President Ford’s acceptance of the Republican Presidential nomination; the centennial address for the president of The Coca-Cola Company in 1987 and the Atlanta Olympic Committee’s successful presentations to the International Olympic Committee. He continues to write speeches for the CEOs of Fortune 500 companies in his position as a founding partner of Prides Crossing Executive Communication, LLC, a New York-based corporate communications firm.
MacDougall is the author of "We Almost Made It" an account of his experiences on the Ford campaign, and "The Kingmaker," a political novel. His many articles on marketing and advertising have appeared in Newsweek, Adweek, New York Magazine and other publications. In 1980, he became the first inductee to the New England Advertising Hall of Fame. He is a graduate of Harvard University.

</doc>
<doc id="20213704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213704" title="Richard Humphreys">
Richard Humphreys

Richard Humphreys may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20213712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213712" title="George Schroth">
George Schroth

George Edward Schroth (December 31, 1899 – January 26, 1989) was an American water polo player who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Sacramento, California and died in Los Molinos, California.
In 1924 he won the bronze medal with the American water polo team. He played all five matches and scored one goal.
Four years later he was a member of the American team which finished fifth in the 1928 Olympic water polo tournament. He played both matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20213727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213727" title="Sureza">
Sureza

Sureza (Sureša) is a Sanskrit word which means "Ruler of Gods" (its etymology is from sura "god" + īša "lord" which is an epithet of the god Indra).
It is commonly used as a synonym for the Hindu God Vishnu. It may also refer to Devendra or Shiva depending on which branch of Hinduism.
Suresh (Sureša) also denotes the planet Sun. 
Suresh (Sureša) is a frequently used name for Hindu male children. It is a popular first name in India and a common family name in North America and the Caribbean. Variations of this name in Latin America include Sureza, Sureze, Cires and Cirez. Several of these examples are found on the South-Eastern region of the Dominican Republic (La Romana, San Pedro de Macorís, Boca Chica and others)

</doc>
<doc id="20213733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213733" title="Saxon XI HT">
Saxon XI HT

The Saxon Class XI formula_1T were German, ten-coupled, tank locomotives with the Royal Saxon State Railways procured for goods train services. The Deutsche Reichsbahn grouped them in 1925 into their DRG Class 94.19-21.
History.
As a consequence of the reparations required to be paid by Germany after the First World War, 13 locomotives went to the French: 12 to the "Chemins de Fer de l'État" as 50-901 to 50-912, and one to the "Chemins de Fer du Nord" as 5.526; a further 3 engines had been lost during the course of the war.
The Deutsche Reichsbahn grouped the lighter engines of the second batch into its DRG Class 94.19, whilst the heavier ones were designated as DRG Class 94.20-21. The engines of the lighter group were retired by 1936.
All those engines left in Germany after the Second World War went into the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany. The DR also received two former "État" engines from France and grouped them as numbers 94 2151 and 94 2152. The last ones were in service until the second half of the 1970s.
The non-working locomotive, 94 2110, ended up after the war in Austria after passing through Czechoslovakia and Hungary. It was incorporated into the fleet of the Austrian Federal Railway as ÖBB 794.2110, but was retired in 1953 without having been used.
Of the locomotives remaining in Czechoslovakia after the war, several continued to be used for a time. Locomotive 94 2021 was even given the ČSD number 516.0500 and was not retired until 1952.
The last area of operations for these locomotives in the Deutsche Reichsbahn was on the ramp from Eibenstock upper station to Eibenstock lower station which was closed in autumn 1975.
The last preserved locomotive of this class - number 94 2105 - may be found today in the railway museum at Schwarzenberg/Erzgeb..
Technical features.
The engines of the second batch had a lower weight, due to their shorter boiler and a reduction in the coal and water capacity, in order to be able to run on branch lines with light trackway.
From running number 2094 (1921 series) onwards the locomotives had factory-fitted compressed-air brakes, from running number 2112 (1923 series) the engines were equipped with "Knorr" feedwater heaters on the crown of the boiler barrel behind the chimney. Those engines delivered prior to that were all retrofitted with compressed-air brakes and, in most cases, also with surface economisers. The 1908/09 series only rarely had preheaters. Where they were fitted they were located to the side of the chimney.

</doc>
<doc id="20213734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213734" title="Veronika Vice">
Veronika Vice

Veronika Vice (born 1984) is a Canadian professional wrestler. After starting training in November 2005 and formally debuting in February 2006, Vice began regularly wrestling for Shimmer Women Athletes and , where she has held the SuperGirls Championship three times.
Professional wrestling career.
Extreme Canadian Championship Wrestling.
Veronika Vice made her debut in professional wrestling for (ECCW) in a match against Rebecca Knox that she lost. She won her first SuperGirls Championship against Nicole Matthews in April 2007, and her reign lasted 314 days. She lost it to Penni Lane in February 2008, but after a one day reign, Matthews regained the title. Vice once again beat Matthews for the SuperGirls Championship on February 7, 2009. In early-May the debuting Tenille got an upset victory over Matthews, getting a title match next week, but Vice regained her title, only to lose it on August 2 in a Triple Threat match that also involved Matthews. On August 28 Vice teamed with Katrina Valentine in a loss against Tenille and Matthews. On September 5 Vice invoked her SuperGirls Championship rematch, but Tenille won the match. Vice regained the title from Tenille on November 27. Tenille asked a rematch at "Quest for Gold" where the Pop Culture was banned from ringside and the title would have changed even for Disqualification. Tenille regained her title and became a two-times SuperGirls Champion.
Shimmer Women Athletes.
She made her Shimmer Women Athletes debut in a battle royal at the Volume 19 DVD tapings, but was eliminated by LuFisto. Later in the taping, she teamed with Cat Power in a losing effort to the team of Ashley Lane and Nevaeh. Then she lost to Shark Girl as part of the opening match on Volume 20. On Shimmer Volume 33 she made her return after Allison Danger had just defeated Leva Bates, Vice got into an intense staredown with Allison Danger and challenged her to a match on Shimmer Volume 34. On Shimmer Volume 34 she defeated Danger after Danger missed a forearm smash in the corner and Vice rolled her up in an O'Connor roll for the win.

</doc>
<doc id="20213744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213744" title="Legislative Council of Zulia">
Legislative Council of Zulia

The Legislative Council of Zulia (Spanish, "Consejo Legislativo del Estado Zulia"), according to article 162 of the Constitution of Venezuela and article 38 of the Constitution of Zulia, is the state legislature of Zulia, a state of Venezuela. It consists of 15 deputies who are popularly elected from state legislatorial districts.

</doc>
<doc id="20213756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213756" title="If Walls Could Talk (HGTV series)">
If Walls Could Talk (HGTV series)

If Walls Could Talk is an American television show on HGTV. Each episode lasts half an hour and usually airs at 5:00 and 5:30 Eastern Time. Hosted by Mike Siegel, this show talks about mysteries and shocking discoveries found in houses. Previous hosts include C. Van Tune, Grant Goodeve, and Elyse Luray.

</doc>
<doc id="20213761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213761" title="Digital at Montreux">
Digital at Montreux

Digital at Montreux is a 1979 live album by Oscar Peterson, accompanied by Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen, recorded at the 1979 Montreux Jazz Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="20213771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213771" title="SS Mahratta">
SS Mahratta

The name SS "Mahratta" can refer to either of two ships that shipwrecked on the Goodwin Sands:

</doc>
<doc id="20213773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213773" title="Fields Point">
Fields Point

Fields Point (also known as Field's Point) is a historic park in Providence, Rhode Island jutting into Narragansett Bay right near the Providence River and Route 95.
History.
The point was named after Thomas Field, a British colonist who settled on the site in the 17th century and constructed a stone-ender house. In the 19th century, Fields Point Farm, a park, developed as the major recreational area in the city until Roger Williams Park was created in 1871. Visitors came to the Point to visit Colonel Atwell's Clam House, Edgewood Beach, The Washington Park Yacht Club and Kerwin's Beach.
Following the attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1942, the US Maritime Commission selected Field's Point as a location for a shipyard as part of the Emergency Shipbuilding Program. Much of what had previously been there was sacrificed to wartime necessity. The yard was eventually taken over by the Walsh-Kaiser Company.
In the 1950s, Providence started using Fields Point as a landfill, eventually connecting the Point with nearby Starve Goat Island. In the 1960s, entrepreneur, Melvin Berry started "bar, marina, swim club, amusement park, bowling alley, drive-in theatre, skating rink and a nightly Hawaiian dance show" in Fields Point. Circa the mid to late 1960's, Fields Point was also utilized as an operations base for high speed testing between Westerly and Boston of the Gas turbine Turbo Train, before acting as a train graveyard for the three trainsets after September 1976. In 1973, Johnson & Wales established a facility in Fields Point, but by 2001, the University leased land to Save The Bay for an educational center. In late 2012 three wind turbines were installed at Fields Point to provide energy for the waste water treatment plant.

</doc>
<doc id="20213776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213776" title="Wapello (chief)">
Wapello (chief)

Wapello (1787–1842) was a Native American chief of the Meskwaki tribe.
Early life.
Wapello was born in 1787 at Prairie du Chien, Northwest Territory. in what is now the state of Wisconsin. Short and stout in physical stature, with a kindly visage, Wapello entertained friendly relations with white settlers throughout his life, signing treaties with them at Fort Armstrong on 3 September 1822, at Prairie du Chien on 15 July 1830, again at Fort Armstrong on 21 September 1832, at Dubuque, Iowa, on 28 September 1836, and at Washington, D.C., on 21 October 1837. During the Black Hawk War, Wapello supported Keokuk.
Settling in Iowa.
In 1829, he led his tribe to Muscatine Slough on the west bank of the Mississippi River and later settled near the present site of the town of Wapello, Iowa. In 1837, he accompanied the renowned chief Keokuk and Indian agent General Joseph M. Street on a tour of northeastern and mideastern states. During this trip, Wapello made an eloquent speech at Boston, Massachusetts, wherein he expressed friendly sentiments towards white settlers and reaffirmed his desire to continue harmonious relations with them.
Legacy.
While on a hunting trip near the Skunk River east of Ottumwa, Iowa, Wapello died on 15 March 1842. He was later buried in accordance with his oft-expressed wish that he be laid to rest alongside his good friend General Street, at the site of the government agency in what is now a small park named Chief Wapello's Memorial Park located southeast of Agency, Iowa.
In Iowa, the city of Wapello and Wapello County are named for him, as was USS "Wapello" (YN-56), a United States Navy net tender in commission from 1941 to 1946.
A large, 450 pound, statue of Chief Wapello has resided atop the Wapello County, Iowa courthouse in Ottumwa for many decades. The statue and its mounting base received severe damage during a thunderstorm in June, 2012 forcing temporary removal. After repair, restoration, and upgrae of the base with stainless steel the statue is expected to be returned to its rooftop position in mid-summer 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20213797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213797" title="Sabratha Stadium">
Sabratha Stadium

Sabratha Stadium is a football stadium in Sabratha, Libya. It is the home ground of Wefaq Sabratha.

</doc>
<doc id="20213798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213798" title="Harbin Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.">
Harbin Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.

Harbin Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (SSE:600664) () is China's second-biggest drug maker by market value.
Business.
Harbin Pharmaceutical is engaged in the research, development, manufacture and sale of pharmaceutical products. The Company primarily offers antibiotics, Chinese patent medicines, over-the-counter (OTC) medicines, healthcare products and synthesized preparations, among others. 
During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company obtained approximately 73% and 14% of its total revenue from the sale of western medicines and traditional Chinese medicines, respectively. As of December 31, 2007, the Company had two subsidiaries/associates: one specializes in manufacturing oral solutions, while the other is engaged in the retail and wholesale of pharmaceuticals.

</doc>
<doc id="20213801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213801" title="Uggeshall">
Uggeshall

Uggeshall is a village in Suffolk, England, located approximately 6 miles (10 km) south of Beccles and 4 miles (6½km) north east of Halesworth close to the A145. The mid-2005 population estimate for Uggeshall parish was 170. Sotherton is located just to the south-west, Wangford to the south-east and Brampton and Stoven to the north.
The parish church is dedicated to St Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="20213818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213818" title="Sahara (House of Lords album)">
Sahara (House of Lords album)

Sahara is the second studio album by the American hard rock band House of Lords, released on August 21, 1990.
The album was recorded without original guitarist Lanny Cordola, but with Michael Guy as the band's guitarist. Still, the album features many guest contributors on guitar, such as Doug Aldrich (Whitesnake, Hurricane), Rick Nielsen (Cheap Trick), Chris Impellitteri (Impellitteri) and Mandy Meyer (Asia, Krokus). Other contributors on the albums are White Lion's Mike Tramp, Cheap Trick's Robin Zander, Steeler's Ron Keel, Autograph's Steve Plunkett and Giuffria's David Glen Eisley, all on backing vocals.
The album reached position No. 121 in the The Billboard 200 chart on February 23, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20213819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213819" title="Herb Vollmer">
Herb Vollmer

Herbert "Herb" Eberhard Jordan Vollmer (February 15, 1895–November 8, 1961) was an American water polo player who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in New York City, and graduated from Stuyvesant High School in Manhattan.
In 1920 he was a member of the American team in the Olympic water polo tournament. He played three matches.
Four years later he won the bronze medal with the American water polo team. He played all five matches and scored three goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20213856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213856" title="Minuscule 16">
Minuscule 16

Minuscule 16 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 449 (Soden). It is a diglot Greek-Latin minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 361 parchment leaves (), dated palaeographically to the 14th-century. It has full marginalia and was prepared for liturgical use.
Description.
The codex contains almost complete text of the four Gospels with lacunae (Mark 16:14-20). The text is written in two columns per page, 26 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, with the τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections, with no references to the Eusebian Canons. 
It contains the Eusebian Canon tables (Latin) at the beginning, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use), and subscriptions at the end of each of the Gospels. 
The text of the codex is written in four colours. "The general run of the narrative is in vermilion; the words of Jesus, the genealogy of Jesus, and the words of angels are in crimson; the words quoted from the Old Testament as well as those of the disciples, Zachariah, Elizabeth, Mary, Simeon, and John the Baptist are in blue; and the words of Pharisees, the centurion, Judas Iscariot, and the devil are in black." It contains only one picture. 
In the Greek text Mark 16:14-20 and in the Latin text Mark 9:18-16:20 were lost. Latin texts Mark 9:18-11:13, Luke 5:21-44; John 1:1-12:17 were added by a later hand.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is mixed but the Byzantine text-type is predominate. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Iβb, it means it has some the Caesarean readings. Aland did not place it in any Category.
Textually it is close to the manuscripts 119, 217, 330, 491, 578, 693, 1528, and 1588. They create textual Group 16 with following profile:
The Latin text in Matt. 7:13 has textual variant: "lata via et spaciosa est lila quae"; in Mt 13:3 "Ecce qai exiit Seminare Semen suum, et dum seminat quaedam cecid."
History.
The manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 14th-century.
Formerly the codex was in the hands of Strozzi family, then of Catherine de' Medici. It was examined by Wettstein, Scholz, and Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1884.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 54) at Paris.

</doc>
