<doc id="20311611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311611" title="Argentina Wine Route">
Argentina Wine Route

The Argentina Wine Route (Spanish: Ruta del Vino) is an enotourism belt in Argentina that covers approximately and traverses several provinces and wine producing regions of varying altitudes and geographical features. Argentina has an estimated 2,000 wineries, many of which now offer vineyard and winery tours, as well as hospitality accommodations for the country's growing number of wine related tourists. Argentina is the largest producer of wine in South America, and the 5th largest producer of wine in the world.
Regions.
The wine regions of Argentina, though often defined differently depending on the source, encompass several provinces with some provinces being shared by more than one region. Most individual provinces may also be broken down further into sub enotourism regions, which are often indicated by departments (Departments of Argentina departamentos form the second level of administrative division after provinces), cities, or cross provincial valleys (such as the Calchaquí Valleys) that may transverse and connect all three. Regardless of the regions system used, it is generally agreed that the most significant wine growing regions and provinces make up a variation of the following: 
Tourism.
Argentina has emerged as one of the most important tourist destinations in Latin America. Since the Argentine economic crisis in 2002, the devaluation of the peso has made it possible for many budgeting international tourists to enjoy levels of comfort such as fine hotels, upscale restaurants, and other luxuries otherwise unthinkable in other world wine centers. According to a 2006 study, approximately 1,004,810 tourists travel along the wine route annually. In 2006 alone, wine tourism in Argentina increased by 45 percent. For the growing numbers of domestic and foreign tourists, wineries have begun to hire dedicated staffs, hold special musical and arts events, and build restaurants and small hotels on the premises. Wine producers initially saw tourism as a way to increase brand visibility; however it has also become a means to increase wine sales as boutique wineries record up to 50 percent of income from this source, and the direct sales of larger wineries have also surged.
Climate and altitude.
Argentine wine regions are roughly the same distance from the equator as are the premier grape growing regions of France, Italy and California, yet due to its ideal dry climate, diseases that regularly affect vine varieties around the world are rarely found in Argentina. These regions are vast and largely desert-like, and they profit greatly from the pure irrigational runoff of Andean snow and glacial melt. The country’s close proximity to the Andes has vineyards being cultivated at altitudes ranging from 2,000 to 4,000 ft. These perfect elevations ensure that while the air temperature stays cool, grapes receive more solar radiation than those at lower altitudes. The resulting harvest produces grapes with increased water stress, tannin maturity, and higher bud productivity producing larger yields.
Varietals.
Although a number of grape varieties can be found growing in Argentina, the country’s most successful varietal is Malbec, a grape which has become largely synonymous with Argentine wine. Other grape varieties which perhaps hold the most promise for Argentina's future are Bonarda and Torrontés.
History.
Argentina’s wine route is still relatively new. Although the country’s wine production dates back to the 16th century, the inclination of growth for consumption was essentially based on volume and not quality, so there was little significance placed on the art of planting vine varieties best suited to each location and its ecosystem. Argentina’s wine industry was transformed in the 1990s when international investors had the foresight to recognize the value and untapped resource of Argentina’s wine producing potential. It has been estimated that over $1.5 billion in new vineyard investment occurred in the following decade, designed to strengthen and improve the industry’s production quality. Argentina wine regions have since undergone a radical transformation, and now rival the production quality of European wine-producing countries. 
The concept of creating tourism oriented enterprises has taken form over the past decade. Renowned architects are translating brand identity into built structures, and now numerous iconic wineries dot the landscape of Argentina’s wine regions. Many of these wineries feature tourist accommodations, restaurants, wine tasting & food matching seminars, pruning & harvesting tours, and other wine-related experiences. Wine industry associations and various universities have been encouraging this process by launching well-funded studies to analyze the future of enotourism, by mapping out wine routes, and by offering specialized training courses for wine industry personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="20311627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311627" title="Harvey Morgan">
Harvey Morgan

Harvey B. Morgan (born August 18, 1930) is an American politician. From 1980–2012 he served in the Virginia House of Delegates, representing the 98th district on the Middle Peninsula. He is a member of the Republican Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20311635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311635" title="Cybex International">
Cybex International

Cybex International (NASDAQ: CYBI) is a fitness equipment manufacturer for commercial and consumer use. They produce mainly cardiovascular and strength equipment such as arc trainers, treadmills, stationary bicycles and steppers. Cybex markets their products through distributors in over 87 countries. The company has over 600 employees and their products are manufactured in their two manufacturing facilities, located in Medway, Massachusetts, and Owatonna, Minnesota. Their Medway facility is where the majority of their cardiovascular products are built, and their Owatonna facility is where their strength products are built. 
History.
Cybex International was founded in the late 60's as "The Cybex Ergometer Company" in Ronkonkoma, New York. It was acquired by Lumex, which was traded publicly on the American Stock Exchange. At that time, they manufactured isokinetic rehabilitation equipment. In 1995, Lumex sold its medical supply business and changed its name to Cybex (AMEX: CYB). In May 1997, Cybex merged with Trotter, Inc, primarily a manufacturer of treadmills, whose manufacturing facility was located in Medway. In this merger, UM Holdings, the owner of Trotter, Inc, gained 51% of Cybex's interests and publicly traded the company. In 1998, Cybex acquired Tectrix, a California-based manufacturer of primarily bikes and steppers; the production of which was moved to Cybex's manufacturing facility in Medway. Cybex acquired direct sales and distribution in the United Kingdom by its 2001 acquisition of Forza. Arc Trainer is their most recent product.

</doc>
<doc id="20311654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311654" title="Bölkow Phoebus">
Bölkow Phoebus

The Bölkow Phoebus is a glass fibre composite competition sailplane, designed and produced in Germany in the 1960s. Large numbers were built, achieving success at some national contests, and many remain active.
Design and development.
The Phoebus was designed at a time when glider manufacturers were moving away from all-wood aircraft towards composite structures. Bölkow had been amongst the early leaders of this change with their Phönix T sailplane in the late 1950s, which used balsa/glassfibre sandwich construction. The Phoebus was built in the same way.
It is a shoulder wing competition sailplane. The first aircraft, the Phoebus A, was designed to Standard Class rules, with a span of 15 m. Its straight tapered wings have an aspect ratio of 17.1; airbrakes are fitted at 70% chord. The fin and rudder are straight edged and only slightly tapered, with a high aspect ratio all moving T tail mounted at the tip. The fuselage is a monocoque. with the cockpit, ahead of the wings, enclosed with a one piece canopy. The Phoebus A has a monowheel plus tail bumper undercarriage, but in the later variants the main wheel is retractable. The Phoebus C has a braking parachute.
Operational history.
The Phoebus prototype was placed 3rd in the Standard Class at the German national gliding championships of 1964 and 8th at the World Gliding Championships held in the United Kingdom the following year. Production aircraft came 1st and 3rd at the 1966 South African international championships.
Many Phoebus remain registered, particularly in Germany and the USA.
Specifications (Phoebus A).
Phoebus B is same as A model except has retractable landing gear.
Phoebus C is the same as B model except has 17 meter wing span, did not have tail mounted braking parachute.

</doc>
<doc id="20311655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311655" title="Complaints of a Dutiful Daughter">
Complaints of a Dutiful Daughter

Complaints of a Dutiful Daughter is a 1994 American documentary film directed by Deborah Hoffmann, with her wife, Frances Reid, as cinematographer. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. The film is about the struggle of Doris Hoffman, mother of the director and widow of Albert Einstein's associate Banesh Hoffmann, with Alzheimer's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="20311657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311657" title="Alen Pamić">
Alen Pamić

Personal life.
He was the son of Croatia international Igor Pamić, his younger brother Zvonko is also a professional footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20311666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311666" title="Republic of San Marco">
Republic of San Marco

The Republic of San Marco (, ) was an Italian revolutionary state existing for 17 months in 1848–49. Based on the Venetian Lagoon, it extended into most of Venetia, or the "Terraferma" territory of the Venetian Republic, suppressed 51 years before in the French Revolutionary Wars. After declaring independence from the Habsburg Austrian Empire, the republic later joined the Kingdom of Sardinia, in an attempt, led by the latter, to unite northern Italy against foreign (mainly Austrian but also French) domination. After the failure of the war, the Republic was reconquered by Austrian troops on 28 August 1849 following a long siege.
History.
Background.
After existing as an independent maritime republic for nearly 1400 years and a leading naval power in the Mediterranean for most of that time, the Republic of Venice surrendered to Napoleon during the French Revolutionary Wars in 1797 and was ceded to the Austrian Empire (as the kingdom of Lombardy-Venetia) by the Treaty of Campo Formio a few months later. This was confirmed by the 1815 Congress of Vienna.
Austrian rule, after realising that mutually-agreeable home rule would not be possible, exploited Venetian resources, economically and politically, favouring Trieste as the imperial seaport. Within 50 years of their acquisition of the former republic, Austria had taken 45 million Austrian lire more from the region than had been spent there and Venetian capitalism had been stifled by a reluctance on the part of the slow, bureaucratic Habsburg régime to grant credit to Venetian entrepreneurs. By the end of the 1840s, a collection of intellectuals, urban manufacturers, bankers, merchants and agrarian inhabitants of the "terra ferma" were clamouring for political change and greater economic opportunity, albeit only by non-violent means.
Across Italy, discomfort with foreign domination and with absolute monarchy had led to all Italian states (apart from Lombardy–Venetia) becoming parliamentary monarchies with much of the reform led by Pope Pius IX. Heavy-handed policing in response to an economic boycott of state monopolies in Austrian-held Milan led to the popular expulsion of the Austrian garrison in the city for five days in March 1848, contemporaneous with the beginnings of Venetian independence; "see Five Days of Milan".
Insurrection and independence.
A few days after the independence of Milan and Venice and their affiliation to the Kingdom of Piedmont–Sardinia, the Piedmontese army crossed into Lombardy on 24 March 1848, with the Austrian commander, Field Marshal Radetzky pulling back to the Quadrilatero, a chain of defensive fortresses between Milan and Venice. Two days previously, Daniele Manin entered the Venetian Arsenal with "a number of public-spirited Venetians", in a direct challenge to Austrian rule. As the "Arsenalotti" detested the Austrian overseers and the Italians in Austrian military service were pro-Venetian, Manin and his supporters moved about at will, unharmed. Believing that the timing was favourable, Manin led his followers out of the compound with the cry "Viva San Marco!" ()—the motto of the defunct Republic of Venice. Venetians, if not Austrian officials, accepted this to mean restoration of the old republic. With the exception of Verona, garrisoned as part of the Quadrilatero, the cities of Venetia — in particular Belluno, Padua, Rovigo, Treviso, Udine and Vicenza—immediately sided with the lagoon and rejected Austrian rule, proclaiming Manin president of the Republic of San Marco and investing him with dictatorial powers during the state of emergency. Manin's leadership was supported by the middle classes, revealing a permanent change in power from the mercantile patricians of the old republic, and his support of the lower classes, combined with promises of law and order to the bourgeoisie, meant his leadership was popular. Unfortunately, however, Manin did not have the leadership qualities that might have led to enduring independence.
Maintaining independence.
After bringing his army in to protect the Kingdom of Sardinia, King Charles Albert of Piedmont–Sardinia chose to seek plebiscites in the territories gaining his protection, rather than concentrating on pursuing the Austrian retreat, despite popular support in the Papal States, the Grand Duchy of Tuscany and the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies for reinforcement of and support for the Piedmontese troops.
Despite enthusiastic support from the revolutionary republics, such as the Republic of San Marco and Giuseppe Mazzini's Milanese volunteers, the Austrians started to regain ground but, with both the Vienna Rebellion and the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, along with other Revolutions of 1848 in the Habsburg areas, Radetzky was instructed to seek a truce, an order he ignored.
Militarily, misreadings of the fluctuating political status in northern Italy—combined with Manin's indecision and ill-health, which confined the revolutionary to bed at critical moments—led to several damaging poor judgements. The Imperial fleet were allowed to remain in the Istrian port of Pola, despite Venice having enough sympathy and support in the formerly-Venetian city to steal the fleet from the empire. Similarly, had the Venetians encouraged the desertion of Italian soldiers under imperial command, the trained and disciplined troops might have been able to provide defensive strength to the nascent republic; whilst revolutionary reform was generating popular support for the new régime, the revolutionaries failed to recruit troops from the Venetian mainland who might have joined the 2000 Papal guards and Neapolitan soldiers under General Pepe, who had ignored orders to retreat in favour of supporting the infant republics. While Austria was pressed on every front, the Italians allowed her time to regroup and to reconquer Venice and the other troubled areas of the empire one by one.
After an Italian rout at the Battle of Custoza, Charles Albert abandoned Milan, which lost half its population when Radetzky offered its citizens free passage from the city, and signed an armistice with the Austrians that restored the Piedmontese border at the Ticino river. At the same time, the Piedmontese navy abandoned its support of Venice. The following year, Charles Albert's forces resumed their fight against the Austrian Empire, being defeated again at the Battle of Novara and costing Charles Albert his throne, in favour of his son Victor Emmanuel, who went on to become the first king of a reunified Italy.
Meanwhile, Manin retreated from his republican fervour, for fear of offending the monarch Charles Albert; this move was, however, both transparent and ineffectual. He also relied on reinforcement from Piedmontese and Papal troops, not understanding that a Piedmontese-Sardinian kingdom would inevitably be concerned by a powerful republican neighbour—particularly at a time when monarchies were under threat across Europe—and that Pope Pius IX could not continue to support war between two Catholic monarchs practically on his border.
A further failure on the part of the Venetian revolutionaries was their inability properly to incorporate the "terra ferma" into the lagoon-based republic; mainlanders were mistrustful of Venetian power, probably as a result of old assumptions about the earlier Mariner Republic combined with the inevitable destruction of countryside that comes with warfare, a situation that might have been avoided had the revolutionaries recruited across "terra ferma". When General Durando led a Piedmontese force to defend Verona, Venice could only supply a few volunteers, later joined by Colonel Ferrari's Papal regulars, without avail, as General Nugent's march met up with Radetzky's forces.
On 5 August 1848, the Venetian assembly voted 127–6 to approve Manin's subsumption into the Piedmontese-led Kingdom of Sardinia, which lasted only five days, as a result of a Piedmontese armistice with Austria. Three months later, Manin's desire not to offend the Piedmontese king led him to suppress Giuseppe Mazzini's supporters, who wished to demonstrate their republicanism in a fashion that might force the French Second Republic to aid Venice, hoping to convert the city into a centre of Italian liberation and inspire Garibaldi into an anti-Austrian crusade. When Vincenzo Gioberti, the Prime Minister of Piedmont–Sardinia invited Venice to send delegates to a federal congress in Turin on 12 October 1848, the Venetians declined. The revolutionary authorities' reaction to Piedmont's declaration on Austria illustrated their failure to grasp realities — the Venetians recessed for two weeks.
Return to Austrian control.
The crushing defeat of Italian forces at the Battle of Novara (23 March 1849) sounded a death knell for Italian independence from the Austrians. To avoid an occupation of Piedmont, Charles Albert abdicated in favour of his son Victor Emmanuel II, whose treaty with Austria required the complete removal of the Sardinian navy from Venetian waters. Manin addressed the Venetian assembly on 2 April 1849 and they voted to continue their struggle against the Austrians, despite an Austrian blockade of the city. On 4 May 1849, Radetzky started his attack on the Venetian fort of Marghera, held by 2500 troops under the Neapolitan command of Girolamo Ulloa. Bombardment of the lagoon and city started at the same time and, over the next three weeks alone, were dispatched towards Venice. The fort at Marghera held out until 26 May, when Ulloa ordered its evacuation; an offer of surrender from Radetzky was rejected at this time.
By August, with famine and cholera sweeping the city, Manin proposed that the assembly vote for surrender, threatening to resign if the assembly votes to fight to the last. The assembly, however, agreed, and provided the president with authority to seek terms, which were agreed on 22 August. Radetzky's entrance to Venice on 27 August marked the complete surrender of Venice to the Austrian Empire, restoring the "status quo ante bellum" and causing Manin to flee Italy, with his family and 39 fellow-revolutionaries, into exile. Manin's wife died of cholera within hours of their departure for Paris.
Leadership.
Leadership was effectively provided by Daniele Manin throughout the republic's brief existence, but the following heads of state were in place during the 17 months:

</doc>
<doc id="20311709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311709" title="Underground pneumatic boring">
Underground pneumatic boring

Underground pneumatic piercing tools are often referrd to as hogs, air hogs, or pneuma gophers. The tool is used to bore a hole underground between two points without disturbing the surface ground. This open air chamber is referred to as the bore hole and is used to either run ducting for product or the raw product itself between the two points.
Uses.
The tool is used in the installation of all public utilities electricity, gas, phone, and cable television these are referred to as product. It is also used to install home sprinkle systems and auxiliary home power lines. The tool is utilized in instances when it is difficult or cost prohibitive to plow or trench the product into the ground, some of these instances are under driveways, roads, sidewalks, and landscaping. Pneumatic piercing tools are a lower cost alternative to directional boring.
How it works.
The tool uses air to pound its way through the ground underneath the obstruction. The tools is cylindrical in shape and ranges from one to eight inches in diameter and between three and six feet long. It is made from metal. Different manufacturers have different front styles and control mechanisms. Some have bullet shaped front and others have a stepped front similar to a unibit. Compressed air is used to power the tool, this air is run through a hydraulic hose with an oiler attachment to send oil through with the compressed air. The tool works in a way very similar to a jack hammer, inside the cylinder is a piston a valve opens and the air blows into the chamber forcing the piston forward which in turn propels the tool forward. The valve then shuts and the piston is pushed at a slower speed back in the tool, the valve reopens the piston pounds again and the tools moves forward. This process is continually repeated until the bore has run the intended distance. Both the lighter reverse hit of the piston and the friction of the ground surrounding the tool keep it moving forward instead of stopping. The speed of the tool can be controlled by a valve that connects the tools hose to the air supply this valve is outside the tool and remains accessible to the operator. As the tool pounds through the ground it compresses the soil this compaction maintains the same diameter as the tool and leaves the bore hole through which the product is passed.
Performing a bore.
The purpose of the bore is to get from point A to point B under the obstruction. First the operator surveys the area and the obstacle(road, sidewalk, driveway). Utility locates must be present for any underground work, the path most clear of utilities is chosen to send the tool through. The first hole is now dug on one side of the obstacle. This hole must be large enough to fit the tool and the operator in it so they can aim the tool. The hole also must be deep enough that as the tool compacts the ground the surface remains undisturbed. The depth of the starting bore pit depends on the type on soil that is being worked in and how well it compacts. The operator aims the tool to the desired exit point and allows it to perform its function creating a bore hole under the ground without disturbing the surface. The tool is tracked by the operator who feels the tool pounding and can approximate the tools location under the ground. The operator also monitors the surface to make sure that it is undisturbed. As the tool nears the exit point it is slowed down and an exit pit is dug to locate both the tool and the bore. As the tool enters the exit pit the operator chooses to either dig up the tool to retrieve it or reverses the tool back into the first bore pit to retrieve it. Now between the two pits is a completed bore under the obstacle which can be used to run the product.
Drawbacks.
Pneumatic bore tools do have drawbacks which can cause difficulties completing the bore. First the distance of the bore the tool can create is limited by the length of the hose that supplies the tool with air. Also the tool is not steerable once it has exited the bore pit the operator no longer has control over it. The tool can be deflected by rocks and soil density to a path the operator had not intended. If this deflection is in the direction of the surface the tool can cause damage to the obstacle being bored under if it is downward the tool can dive to unrecoverable depth. If it is deflected side to side the tool could also run into other utilities. These hazards make it important for the operator to maintain close observation of the tool. The type of ground the tool is working in can also lead to problems if the soil is too loose the tool cannot compact the soil stalling it out or leaving no bore hole. If the soil is rocky the tool may be deflected or fail to pound forward due to its inability break the rock. These drawbacks can overcome by directional boring.

</doc>
<doc id="20311714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311714" title="Green Vs. Red">
Green Vs. Red

, is the third original video animation release of Monkey Punch's popular Lupin III media franchise. It was released on April 2, 2008 as part of the 40th anniversary of the series. Discotek Media released "Green Vs. Red" on DVD in North America on May 21, 2013.
Plot.
"The summary is a linear version of the events of the animation."
After Arsène Lupin III's disappearance in the world, people have began imitating Lupin's appearance and personality in an attempt to become the "real Lupin". After a fake Lupin was captured by the police, all the Lupins around the world travel to Tokyo to free the captured Lupin only to be captured themselves. A skilled pick pocketer named Yasuo is given a green coat and a Walther P38, the same gun Lupin uses, by a mysterious elderly man. Yasuo decides to don the Green jacket and takes the role of Lupin. He then announces to the company Night Hawk that he will steal the object they have secured in the building, the Ice Cube. After gathering information on the Ice Cube, Yasuo is confronted by the real Lupin donning the Red Jacket. Yasuo decides that if he can defeat the real Lupin, he will be considered the new Lupin. However they are interrupted when a missile strikes the car behind Yasuo and is seemingly killed. Yasuo awakens to find out Fujiko Mine had saved his life and decides to cooperate with her and her plan to steal the Ice Cube. After breaking into the Night Hawk building, Yasuo manages to gain possession of the Ice Cube which is revealed to be the prototype of a new generation of nuclear warfare. Lupin and Koichi Zenigata allows Yasuo to escape with the Ice Cube to prevent its misuse in war. The next day, another fake Lupin decides to set up a match between Lupin and Yasuo. The two meet atop a building and a Lupin with an unknown jacket color is thrown off the building. The unknown Lupin awakens in an ambulance and escapes before Zenigata captures him. Yasuo decides to pay a visit to his sick grandmother who wishes him well. Later that night, Yasuo, revealed to be the winner of the duel , escapes with Daisuke Jigen from the cops.

</doc>
<doc id="20311736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311736" title="D-Day Remembered">
D-Day Remembered

D-Day Remembered is a 1994 American documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 

</doc>
<doc id="20311742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311742" title="Obliterator (disambiguation)">
Obliterator (disambiguation)

Obliterator is a 1988 computer game.
Obliterator may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20311755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311755" title="Mexican Federal Highway 84">
Mexican Federal Highway 84

Mexican Federal Highway 84 ("Carretera Federal 84") connects Zapote de Adjuntas, Guanajuato to San José de Bazarte, Jalisco

</doc>
<doc id="20311756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311756" title="Simon Bridges">
Simon Bridges

Simon Bridges (born October 1976 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand politician and former District and High Court Crown prosecutor. Bridges is currently the representative for the electorate of Tauranga in the 49th New Zealand Parliament, as a member of the National Party.
Bridges lives in Mount Maunganui with his wife, Natalie.
Early life.
Simon Bridges was born in October 1976 in Auckland, the youngest of six children. His father, a Māori of Ngāti Maniapoto descent, was a Baptist Minister, and his mother, a NZ European from Waihi, was a primary school teacher. He is also related to former Labour Cabinet minister Koro Wētere.
Bridges grew up in Te Atatu, where he attended high school at Rutherford College. There, he was taught by future Labour Education Minister Chris Carter, and also became Head Boy of the college. He went on to complete a BA in political science and history and an LLB (Hons) at the University of Auckland.
Legal career.
Bridges began his legal career as a litigation lawyer at a major Auckland law firm, Kensington Swan. He moved to Tauranga in 2001 to take up a position as a Crown prosecutor in the District and High Courts. During this time, he took leave to travel to the United Kingdom to study at the London School of Economics, and later to complete a postgraduate law degree at St Catherine's College, Oxford; he also worked as an intern in the British House of Commons. As a Crown prosecutor in Tauranga, Bridges mainly worked on jury trials. Bridges ended his legal career in 2008, when he was nominated by the National Party to stand for election to the New Zealand Parliament.
Early political career.
Bridges became a member of the Young Nationals at the age of 16 and was elected Deputy New Zealand Chair in 1997. He was active in National's West Auckland organisation as a member of Brian Neeson's electorate team, whom he supported at the 2002 general election against a challenge by John Key for the National Party candidacy to contest the new seat of Helensville. In the following years, he held several senior positions within the party, including sitting on the National Party rules committee and serving as chairperson of the Tauranga National Party.
Member of Parliament.
In 2008, Bridges stepped down from his positions within the National Party to seek his party's candidacy for the seat of Tauranga in the 2008 election, after incumbent Tauranga MP Bob Clarkson (National) announced that he would not be standing for re-election. Bridges was successful in his campaign, appointed in June 2008 as the National Party candidate for the seat; he was eventually listed as #51 on the National's party list. Several polls during the campaign indicated that Bridges would win the seat by a large margin.
For the 2008 general election, the seat of Tauranga was contested by 11 candidates, including New Zealand First leader Winston Peters. In the election, Bridges won the electorate vote with a majority of 11,742 votes, which saw him become the new MP for the seat of Tauranga, and barred New Zealand First from winning any parliamentary seats, as it did not meet the 5% party vote threshold either. Bridges began his parliamentary career when the new Parliament convened on 8 December 2008. He was re-elected in the .
Animal cruelty.
In early 2010, Bridges's Animal Welfare Amendment Bill, increasing penalties for animal cruelty, was drawn from the ballot. After passing its first reading, the government, particularly Agriculture Minister David Carter, adopted the bill and it was passed.
Minister.
Following the resignation of Nick Smith from Cabinet in April 2012, Simon Bridges was made a Minister outside Cabinet for Consumer Affairs with the associate portfolios of Climate Change Issues and Transport. In a reshuffle in January 2013 Bridges moved into the cabinet and became Minister of Labour and Minister of Energy and Resources. His consumer affairs portfolio was given to Craig Foss and his associate transport portfolio given to Michael Woodhouse. He retained his associate climate change issues portfolio.

</doc>
<doc id="20311775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311775" title="List of schools in Cheltenham">
List of schools in Cheltenham

<br>
The following is a list of schools in the spa town of Cheltenham. In accordance with the "Eruditio" (Education) part of its motto, Cheltenham is a centre for education.
See also.
List of schools in Gloucestershire

</doc>
<doc id="20311779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311779" title="The Mysteries of Providence">
The Mysteries of Providence

The Mysteries of Providence is a French cartoon produced by Banco Productions and first aired on TF1's TFOU television program on January 12, 2002.The series is about the adventures of Oscar who is a private detective and tries to uncover the secret of Providence alongside his friends the energetic Kate and the inventor Martin.
Plot.
Before the birth of ice and fire, and many-many years before the existence of the first tribes, seven wise men buried a treasure in an enchanted land, to keep it away from evil forces. But today that treasure is in danger, and the only one who can protect it is the one who reads the parchment and confronts the evil powers, to uncover the secret of Providence.

</doc>
<doc id="20311782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311782" title="Femme noire">
Femme noire

Femme noire ("Black Woman") is a Francophone poem by Léopold Sédar Senghor.

</doc>
<doc id="20311784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311784" title="Mexican Federal Highway 90">
Mexican Federal Highway 90

Mexican Federal Highway 90 ("Carretera Federal 90") connects Irapuato, Guanajuato to Zapotlanejo, Jalisco near Guadalajara. Federal Highway 90 has two main segments.
The first segment travels east from Irapuato, Guanajuato to Zapotlanejo, Jalisco in the west. The highway connects to Guadalajara via Mexican Federal Highway 80. The total length of the highway segment is 217.6 km (135.2 mi). The second segment travels east from Ameca, Jalisco to Mascota, Jalisco in the west. The total length of the highway segment is 118.1 km (73.4 mi). Mexican Federal Highway 90 connects to Puerto Vallarta via Jalisco State Highway 70.
The highway is under the management of the Secretariat of Communications and Transportation of Mexico and custody is under the responsibility of "The Federal Road Police" (which in turn is part of the Federal Preventative Police, PFP). The road runs through the center of Mexico from east to west. 
The road connects the following cities from east to west: Irapuato, Abasolo, Penjamo, La Piedad, Degollado, Ocotlán and finally Zapotlanejo in Jalisco.

</doc>
<doc id="20311800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311800" title="Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in the Community of Madrid">
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in the Community of Madrid

The Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in the Community of Madrid, are organized by Madrid Football Federation :
Categoría Preferente.
Categoría Preferente is the fifth level of competition of the Spanish Football League in the Community of Madrid.
Competition System.
The league consists of two groups of 18 teams. At the end of the season the first two teams from each group are promoted to the Tercera División (Group VII). The last four of each group (15th, 16th, 17th and 18th) are relegated to Primera de Aficionados.
At this level, a reserve team and its parent can play at the same level in different groups. If the reserve team are in the promotion zone, the first team is promoted. If both teams are in the promotion zone, the third placed club within the group will be promoted. If the first team finishes in the relegation zone, the reserve team is demoted.
Primera de Aficionados.
Primera Categoría de Aficionados is the sixth level of competition in the Spanish league football in Madrid. 
The league consists of four groups of 18 teams. At the end of the season, the first two teams from each group are promoted to the Preferente. 
The last four classified in each group are relegated to the Segunda de Aficionados.
The first team and its reserve teams (maximum of three) can play on the same level in different groups. The first team is prompted whenever a reserve team is in the promotion zone. If the first team is in the relegation zone, the lowest reserve team is demoted.
Segunda de Aficionados.
The Segunda de Aficionados is the 7th level of competition in the Spanish League Football in the Community of Madrid. It lies immediately below the Primera de Aficionados.
The league consists of 8 groups, each consisting of 18 teams. At the end of the season, the first 2 teams in each group promoted to the Primera de Aficionados. 
The last 2 teams of each group and the six worst 16th-placed teams are relegated to the Tercera de Aficionados.
The first team is promoted whenever a reserve team is in the promotion zone. The reserve team is demoted whenever the first team is in the relegation zone.
Tercera de Aficionados.
The Tercera de Aficionados is the 8th level of competition in the Spanish League Football in the Community of Madrid. It lies immediately below the Segunda de Aficionados.
The league consists of 11 groups: one group of 17 teams and ten of 18. At the end of the season the first 2 teams in each group are promted to the Segunda de Aficionados.
The first team is promoted whenever a reserve team is the promotion zone.

</doc>
<doc id="20311835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311835" title="Palatine L 1">
Palatine L 1

The narrow gauge steam locomotives of Palatine L 1 and Pts 3/3 N of the Palatinate Railway were procured for lines in the area of Ludwigshafen, Neustadt an der Weinstrasse and Speyer (the Neustadt-Speyer "Lokalbahn" or branch line). On the formation of the Reichsbahn the engines were given the running numbers 99 081 to 99 093.
The first seven locomotives from 1889 were given the railway numbers XI to XVII. Further deliveries followed in 1891 (XVIII - XX) and 1899 (XXI and XII). 
In 1907 and 1910 there was a follow-on order for two, largely identical engines. These were given numbers XXVIII and XXIX. The latte was designated as Class Pts 3/3 N in accordance with the Bavarian numbering scheme following the 1909 take over of the Palatine railways by the Royal Bavarian State Railways. All engines delivered up to 1907 were also given a name.
Locomotive no. XX "Laumersheim" went missing during the First World War. All the others were taken over by the Reichsbahn. The first locomotives were retired in 1930/31; the remainder between 1948 and 1957. In 1939, number 99 081 went to the Wangerooge Island Railway and was retired there on 12 August 1952. The last locomotive still in service was 99 093 which was finally withdrawn on 10 August 1957.
Design.
Because the lines ran on or alongside roads it was decided to design the locomotives as tramway or 'box' locomotives ("Kastenlokomotive"). They had a fully glazed, box body and the drive was covered to reduce the risk to passers-by or horses. In order to enable the engine driver to see the line there was a sliding side window. The driver himself stood to one side next to the boiler. The water tank was integrated into the rivetted plate frame. The filling points were on the front wall the left and right of the smokebox. Coal was stored behind the outer firebox on the footplate. As a result the engines could only be laboriously coaled using baskets.
The saturated steam drive was on the outside and had slide valves. The cylinders were set horizontally and drove the third coupled axle. The running gear was supported at three points. Th first and second coupled axle were supported on common carrying springs and the third on a transverse leaf spring.
The boiler barrel was rivetted and comprised two sections. The steam dome sat on top of the second section.
Initially a "Hardy" vacuum brake was installed; this was later replaced by a Westinghouse compressed-air brake. The sander was hand-operated and sanded the second and third axles. The engines also had a "Latowski" steam-operated bell and, later, a steam turbo generator was fitted over the smokebox door outside the locomotive body to provide electric lighting.

</doc>
<doc id="20311836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311836" title="Mobile One (TV series)">
Mobile One (TV series)

Mobile One is an American television series that aired on the ABC network from September 12 to December 29, 1975. The show was a production of Jack Webb's Mark VII Limited for Universal Television.
Premise.
Unlike most of Mark VII's other productions, "Mobile One" was not based on the real-life exploits of a police force or governmental agency. The show was set instead in a local television station's electronic news gathering operation, which at the time was a very new technology. Jackie Cooper starred as on-screen reporter Peter Campbell, Julie Gregg played Maggie Spencer, Campbell's producer, and Mark Wheeler played camera operator Doug McKnight. Much of the show was spent covering Campbell and McKnight's travels to the scenes of crimes, accidents, and other newsworthy events in a mobile unit van, thereby resembling Mark VII's "Emergency!" (which concurrently aired on NBC) in an emphasis upon action and adventure.
Production notes.
The show was produced by William Bowers and created by James M. Miller; Cooper directed at least one episode himself. ABC initially scheduled the show on Friday nights against three highly popular shows, NBC's "Sanford and Son" and "Chico and the Man" and CBS' "M*A*S*H;" it moved to Monday nights starting on October 27, 1975. The ratings were so poor that the network cancelled "Mobile One" after only 11 episodes. 
The 90 minute pilot film for the series, "Mobile Two", aired on ABC on September 2, 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20311851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311851" title="Valvata bicarinata">
Valvata bicarinata

Valvata bicarinata, common name the two-ridge valvata, is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Valvatidae, the valve snails.

</doc>
<doc id="20311865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311865" title="Team FREDNET">
Team FREDNET

Team FREDNET is an international Open Source and Open Participation competitor in the Google Lunar X PRIZE competition. Uniquely, the team also allows organizations and individuals to participate freely in its mission through the team's website. Their strategy is to utilize the same approach for developing open source software in order to build a lunar lander and a lunar rovers capable of winning the Google Lunar X Prize. Team FREDNET plans to establish an Open Space Foundation that provides incentives, education, and funding to future individuals and organizations seeking to develop their own space projects. In addition, they hope to foster greater public interest and education in Space Exploration and Research.
Organization Overview.
Key People.
Team FREDNET is led by Fred J. Bourgeois, III. Dr. Sean Casey of the Universities Space Research Association manages business development for Team FREDNET. Mike Barrucco is the principal guidance, navigation, and control engineer for the team. Richard Core is Team FREDNET's project manager.
Key Affiliations.
Team FREDNET has affiliations with a number of clubs, schools, and businesses.
, the team had two sponsors.
Open Source Development Team.
The team's charter is "Make Cool Stuff". This objective applies towards "stuff" that can be used in Space and towards building tools that will make it easier to build design the space "stuff". Essentially, the goal is to build a catalog of Space Components in order to make Space Commercialization more open, cost-effective, productive, and accessible.
Open Source Development Team.
Organizing this far-flung group posed perhaps the biggest and earliest challenge. Open source software teams can normally download a program and add their own contributions, but Team FREDNET had to translate its many individual ideas into rocket engines and rover gears.
To address this challenge, Team FREDNET took major steps in August and September 2009 to make it easier for globally distributed collaboration to occur by providing guidelines for people who wanted to make contributions.
Open Source Development Software Tools.
Team FREDNET relies heavily on Open Source Software Tools to accomplish their mission.
Missions and Objectives.
Mission Architecture.
Team FREDNET plans to use a simple architecture in their bid to win the Google Lunar X PRIZE, consisting of a small lander that will deploy a small lunar rover which in turn will use the lander as a communication relay back to Earth.
There are three main components to the Team FREDNET mission which include (a) the transfer mission (i.e. getting the rover from the Earth to the Moon), (b) the Moon mission (i.e. directing the rover to accomplish the tasks needed to win the Google Lunar X-Prize), and (c) the Earth mission (i.e. receiving the data that the rover must transmit to Earth to win the Google Lunar X PRIZE).
Education Programs.
The team wants to offer educational institutions an opportunity to add science projects fitting inside the parameters of the mission to promote awareness of commercial space travel and space exploration.
As part of this education effort, the team has contributed towards a team that created a LEGO Mindstorms based rover that is controlled by Bluetooth technology. A future elementary school level competition will be used to name the Rover that the team will eventually send to the moon.

</doc>
<doc id="20311875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311875" title="Papa Cantella's Sausages">
Papa Cantella's Sausages

Papa Cantella’s, Inc. is a family owned and operated Southern California-based sausage producer. Papa Cantella’s currently produces both fresh and fully cooked sausages. Papa Cantella’s company motto is: "We’ll make you a sausage you can’t refuse."
History.
Tom Cantella founded Papa Cantella's Sausages in 1980 with an Italian sausage recipe which handed down from his grandfather, Gaetano Cantella. The company started in a small location with only a couple of employees. Papa Cantella’s, Inc. now occupies a modern state-of-the-art production facility in Vernon, California (the meat processing capital of Southern California). The Cantella’s line of sausages has grown from its original Italian Sausage recipe to approximately 150 varieties, including the original Italian Sausage recipes, breakfast sausages, specialty smoked sausages and a full line of gourmet poultry sausages. All items are crafted in house and are offered in fresh and fully cooked versions.
Today, in addition to distribution under the Cantella’s brand names, Papa Cantella’s, Cantella’s, Paesano, Black Forest and Piccadilly, Papa Cantella’s, Inc. also manufactures private label sausages for several prominent market chains.
Awards.
In 1996, Papa Cantella’s published "The Ultimate Italian Sausage Cookbook" which was awarded top prize as "Cookbook of the Year" by the North American Book Dealers Exchange. In 1999, Cantella’s "Chicken & Turkey Sausage w/ Sun-Dried Tomatoes, Black Olives & Feta Cheese" was awarded the "Best of Show" prize in its category at the national foods competition of the American Tasting Institute. The following year, Papa Cantella’s "Italian Sausage" received the 2000 "Best of Show" award from the American Tasting Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="20311893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311893" title="C. Edwin Baker">
C. Edwin Baker

C. Edwin Baker (May 28, 1947 – December 8, 2009), the Nicholas F. Gallicchio Professor of Law and Communication at the University of Pennsylvania Law School, was a leading scholar of constitutional law, communications law, and free speech. Baker was considered one of the country’s foremost authorities on the First Amendment and on mass media policy. His most recent scholarship focused on the economics of the news business, political philosophy, and jurisprudential questions concerning the egalitarian and libertarian bases of constitutional theory.
Baker was a native of Madisonville, Kentucky. He received his bachelor's degree from Stanford University and his law degree from Yale Law School. He was a law and humanities fellow at Harvard University in 1974, a fellow at Harvard’s Shorenstein Barone Center in 1992, and a Radcliffe fellow there in 2006.
Baker served as a staff attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union and was a professor at the University of Oregon and an assistant professor at the University of Toledo. He joined Penn Law in 1981, and since 2007, held a joint appointment at the Annenberg School for Communication at Penn. He was also a visiting professor at New York University, the University of Chicago, Cornell University, Harvard University, and the University of Texas.
Ed Baker is survived by his sister, Nancy L. Baker, Ph.D., a member of the faculty at Fielding Graduate University. He was predeceased by his parents, Falcon O. Baker, Jr. and Ernestine Magagna Baker.
External links.
Baker Links:

</doc>
<doc id="20311915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311915" title="Algirdas Kaušpėdas">
Algirdas Kaušpėdas

Algirdas Kaušpėdas (born August 12, 1953, in Vilnius, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian rock musician, the leader of Lithuanian rock group Antis, an architect and one of the Sąjūdis initiators. His wife Vilija Ulozaitė is also an architect.
Biography.
Kaušpėdas father, Vytautas Kaušpėdas, was also an architect.
In 1960–1971, Algirdas Kaušpėdas studied at Vilnius 23rd secondary school, in 1968–1971 he studied at Vilnius children art school. In 1976, he graduated from Faculty of Architecture of Vilnius Civil Engineering Institute. In 1976–1984, Kaušpėdas worked as an architect at the Institute of City Construction Planning in Kaunas. In 1984–1990, was the secretary of Kaunas Architects' Union. In 1990–1992, was a director of LTV (Lithuanian national television).
From 1993, he is a director in the architecture company Jungtinės pajėgos. Kaušpėdas constructed dwelling houses in Lithuania, Germany, Denmark, Norway. He released catalogues of multiple dwelling houses and established the company of real estate projects development JP Haus.
In 1988–1990, he was an active member of Sąjūdis, a member of its initiative group and [council. Kaušpėdas also participated in the presidential election campaign of Rolandas Paksas. In the 2004 elections, he supported Petras Auštrevičius.
Music career.
He was a co-founder of several rock groups (the most popular – Antis). Kaušpėdas is the author of most of Antis lyrics and some of its music. The band released four albums: "Antis" (1987), "Anties dovanėlė" (1989), "Ančių dainos" (2007), and "Zuikis Pleibojus" (2009). The group created film "Kažkas atsitiko" (1987) and "Gyva antis" (2005). Algirdas Kaušpėdas performed with Antis in Lithuania, Russia, Germany, France, USA and other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20311916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311916" title="Shunk">
Shunk

Shunk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20311962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311962" title="Sara (Fleetwood Mac song)">
Sara (Fleetwood Mac song)

"Sara" is a song written by Stevie Nicks and released in an edited version 4:37 by Fleetwood Mac as a single from the 1979 "Tusk" double LP (the album version of the song runs 6:22). The song peaked at #7 on the U.S. charts for three weeks, #37 in the UK for two weeks, #11 in Australia and #2 in Canada.
Origin.
The song has been described as a commentary on the tangled relationships and love affairs in which the band members were participating in 1977-1978, but the final recorded version omitted most of this.
Rumors have persisted that the song is about an alleged abortion Nicks had after getting pregnant from then boyfriend Don Henley. Henley himself has suggested this to be the meaning of the song.
Stevie Nicks wrote the track on a piano, and it was very hard for Mick Fleetwood to put a drum track together for it. He used brushes to make it work.
Plagiarism suit.
In 1980, the year after the song was released, Stevie Nicks was sued for plagiarism by Carol Hinton of Rockford, Michigan. In latter months of 1978, Hinton had written a song called "Sara", which she had sent to Warner Brothers, Fleetwood Mac's recording label. The lyrics in Hinton's song and Stevie Nicks' song were similar. Both shared the lines, "Drowning in the sea of love" and "When you build your house, call me." Stevie Nicks defended the lawsuit by proving that she had written and recorded a demo version of the song in July 1978, months before Hinton sent her lyrics to Warner. Eventually, Hinton gave up, accepting that Nicks had not stolen her song.
Versions.
The version of the song featured on the original vinyl release of "Tusk" was the unedited 6:22 version, but when "Tusk" was originally released as a single compact disc in 1987 it featured the edited 4:37 version of "Sara" which leaves out the middle verse and musical bridge. It was not until the 1988 Fleetwood Mac "Greatest Hits" compilation was released that the 6:23 version of the song became available on compact disc.
There is also a version known as "the cleaning lady" edit, so-called as Nicks is clearly heard to say at the beginning of the demo recording, "I don't want to be a cleaning lady!" This version lasts almost nine minutes and was actually released on the 2-disc remastered version "Tusk" in March 2004. It contains an extended vamp, which includes excised lines previously only heard in live performances, such as, "and the wind became crazy," "no sorrow for sorrow, you can have no more," and "swallow all your pride, don't you ever change—never change." 
Many different versions are available on bootlegs.

</doc>
<doc id="20311971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311971" title="The Canadians">
The Canadians

The Canadians can refer to:
It may also mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20311982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20311982" title="Helaine Fendelman">
Helaine Fendelman

Helaine Fendelman (born January 25, 1942; Riverside, Illinois) is a generalist antiques, fine arts and collectibles appraiser, author, instructor and co-host of a Public Broadcasting Station affiliated television show.
Early life and education.
Fendelman earned a Bachelor's degree of Arts in English from Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri in 1964 followed by a Master's degree of Arts in English from C.W. Post in Brookville, New York in 1967.
Antiques career.
Fendelman has more than 30 years of experience in arts and antiques. In 1965, Fendelman and her husband, Burton Fendelman moved to New York City. In 1975 she began her career in the arts as a curator at the American Folk Art Museum.
From 1978 to 1981, Fendelman was a curator at the Rye Historical Society in Rye, New York.
In 1994, Fendelman created Helaine Fendelman & Associates, a Fine Arts, antiques, and appraisal firm, which is located in the in the Gramercy Park section of New York City. Fendelman is also an instructor at New York University’s Appraisal Institute. She has two sons and lives in New York City and Sanibel Island, Florida.
Since 1997, Fendelman has co-hosted the Public Broadcasting System television show, “Treasures in your Attic” and co-authored the Scripps Howard Syndicated newspaper column, “Treasures in Your Attic.”
Fendelman served as a board member of the Appraisers Association of America from 1984 to 2008, as vice president from 1994 to 1996 and as president from 1996 to 1998.
She has also authored and co-authored several books about appraising including: All About Appraising: The Definitive Appraisal Handbook; Price it Yourself, Treasures In Your Attic; Tramp Art A Folk Art Phenomenon; Silent Companions: Dummy Board Figures of the 17th Through 19th Centuries, and The Official Identification and Price Guides to American Folk Art and Holiday Collectibles.

</doc>
<doc id="20312013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312013" title="The Renegade (poem)">
The Renegade (poem)

"The Renegade" is a poem by David Diop which blackguards those Africans who have espoused European customs at the expense of their African roots. Critics have noted, sometimes pointedly, that Diop himself spent most of his life outside Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20312026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312026" title="Valvata sincera">
Valvata sincera

Valvata sincera, common name the mossy valvata is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Valvatidae, the valve snails.

</doc>
<doc id="20312033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312033" title="A Great Day in Harlem (film)">
A Great Day in Harlem (film)

A Great Day in Harlem is a 1994 American documentary film directed by Jean Bach about the photograph of the same name. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
Director Jean Bach acquired an original, home movie showing the 1954 photo shoot from musician Milt Hinton on the day the photograph was taken in 1954. She used Hinton's home video as the basis for her hour-long documentary.
In a piece published in "The New Yorker", jazz critic Whitney Balliet praised Bach's film as "a brilliant, funny, moving, altogether miraculous documentary."

</doc>
<doc id="20312037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312037" title="Dan White (quarterback)">
Dan White (quarterback)

Dan White (b. September 14, 1972) was the starting quarterback for the University of Arizona football team from 1993–1995, a span which included the Wildcats' only Pac-10 championship to date, as well as a record-setting Fiesta Bowl victory.
High school.
White began his football career at Point Loma High School in San Diego, CA, where he was the starting quarterback for a powerhouse team that included gifted wide-receiver Brett Callan, as well as future NFL stars J. J. Stokes and La'Roi Glover. The team was coached throughout White's four years by local legend Bennie Edens. In 1990, during White's senior year, the Pointers captured the CIF championship.
College career.
After high school, White attended Penn State, hoping to play for hall-of-fame coach Joe Paterno, but he never saw significant playing time. After one season, he transferred to the University of Arizona, where he spent a redshirt year before winning the starting quarterback role in 1993. 
That season, with White at the helm, the Wildcats rolled to a 10-2 record and broke a 15-year drought to tie for their first (and, to date, only) share of the Pac-10 championship. The Wildcats wrapped up the season in the Fiesta Bowl, where White threw for 2 touchdowns en route to a 29-0 drubbing of 10th-ranked Miami, still the only shutout in Fiesta Bowl history. 
White would continue as starting quarterback until 1995, finishing with 40 touchdown passes for his career and, perhaps more importantly, an unbeaten 3-0 record against the Wildcats' arch-rival ASU Sun Devils, throwing 7 touchdowns and only one interception in those three games. A 2008 editorial in the Arizona Daily Star ranked him as one of the Wildcats' 10 best quarterbacks of all time.
Pro Career.
After college, White was not taken in the NFL draft, but signed with the Houston Oilers as a free agent immediately following the draft. He was subsequently traded to the Atlanta Falcons before finishing his pro career in the Arena Football League, where he played for the Tampa Bay Storm during the 1997 season.
Quotes.
White's inconsistent play inspired this memorable quote by ABC announcer Mark Jones: "Against USC, he looked like Dan Marino. Against Washington State, he looked like Dan Quayle."

</doc>
<doc id="20312052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312052" title="The Canadians (1961 film)">
The Canadians (1961 film)

The Canadians is a 1961 Anglo-Canadian CinemaScope Western film written and directed by Burt Kennedy. It starred Robert Ryan, John Dehner and Torin Thatcher.
A group of Sioux come to shelter in Canada from the Indian wars in the United States. They are given permission to remain, by the Canadian government. They are soon followed, however by US Indian fighters who want to rob the Sioux. In response the North-West Mounted Police are formed, the forerunner to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police.

</doc>
<doc id="20312059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312059" title="Banassa">
Banassa

Banassa (foaled 1950) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse bred and raced by Julien Décrion. Named for an ancient Roman village in Morocco, she was sired by Décrion's multiple race winner Un Gaillard and out of his mare, Fatou Gaye.
Banassa was trained by William Head, a descendant of the founders of the English Racing Colony at Chantilly. Ridden by Claudius Lalanne, as a three-year-old Banassa won the Prix Cleopatre and was second in the French Classic, the Prix de Diane. At age four, at the Saint-Cloud Racecourse, she won the Prix Boiard and the Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud. At Longchamp Racecourse Banassa won the Prix du Prince d'Orange, a prep race for the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in which she finished second to Sica Boy. Her owner then sent her to Laurel Park Racecourse in Laurel, Maryland in the United States where as the betting favorite ran second to Fisherman in the Washington, D.C. International Stakes. Racing at age five, Banassa's best result in 1955 was a win in the Prix Jean Prat.

</doc>
<doc id="20312071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312071" title="Anglo-Canadian">
Anglo-Canadian

Anglo-Canadian can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20312097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312097" title="Alizée Poulicek">
Alizée Poulicek

Alizée Poulicek (born 26 June 1987 in Uccle, Belgium) is a beauty pageant contestant who won the title of Miss Belgium 2008 and represented her country in Miss Universe 2008 in Nha Trang, Vietnam. She went unplaced at the latter pageant. She also represented Belgium in Miss World 2008 in Johannesburg, South Africa.
She can speak French, English, and Czech. At the time of her election she could not speak Dutch (although she did receive Dutch lessons in school, according to Poulicek "of ridiculous low quality"); which led to controversy in Flanders.

</doc>
<doc id="20312104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312104" title="Nec pluribus impar">
Nec pluribus impar

Nec pluribus impar (literally: "Not unequal to many") is a Latin motto adopted by Louis XIV of France from 1658. It was often inscribed together with the symbol of the "Sun King": a head within rays of sunlight.
Meaning.
While the motto relates to the allegory of the "Sun King", its precise meaning is obscure. Philip F. Riley calls it "almost untranslatable". Historian Henri Martin called it "very pompous and, above all, obscure and perplexing". Louvois, Louis' War Secretary, interpreted it as "seul contre tous" — "alone against all"; lexicographer Pierre Larousse suggested "au-dessus de tous (comme le soleil)" — "above all (like the sun)". John Martin says "[Louis'] matchless 
splendour was expressed by the motto Nec Pluribus Impar - not unequal to many 
suns.". Yves-Marie Bercé gives "Suffisant (seul) a tant de choses" ("Sufficient (alone) for so many things") or "Tout lui est possible" ("Everything is possible for him"), "i.e.", "not unequal to many ". Louis himself wrote:
Origin and use.
The first use of the motto and symbol is usually given as the great "Carrousel" of 1662, in what is now the Place du Carrousel, to celebrate the birth of his son Louis, the Dauphin. However, the motto appeared as early as 1658 on a medal. Voltaire attributes the motto and emblem to Louis Douvier, who derived them from a device of Philip II of Spain, of whom it was said the sun never set on his dominions. Polemicists in the Spanish Netherlands pointed out the unoriginal nature of the symbol. Louis XIV himself was not enamoured of them, but they proved popular with the public and so he tolerated them.
The motto and sun-king device appeared on many buildings, as well as on cannons. The classical de Vallière guns in particular bear the motto and the symbol, even for those founded long after Louis XIV's death.
Many of Louis' subordinates adopted emblems and mottos playing off those of the sovereign. César de Beaufort, Admiral of France, adopted a moon with motto "Elle obéit au soleil et commande aux flots" ("It obeys the sun and commands the seas"); Duc de Sully adopted a burning-mirror with motto "Je brûle sous son regard" ("I burn its gaze / at his command)".
It is the motto of Ribét Academy, a private preparatory school in Los Angeles, and the 1st Foreign Cavalry Regiment of the 6th light armored brigade of the French Army.

</doc>
<doc id="20312122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312122" title="Altoona Tribune">
Altoona Tribune

The Altoona Tribune was a daily newspaper in Blair County, Pennsylvania.
It was launched on January 1, 1856 by Ephraim B. McCrum and William M. Allison, with equipment purchased from the defunct Altoona Register. Two years later, H. C. Dern acquired Allison's share of the company, and in 1875, Hugh Pitcairn replaced McCrum. Dern and Pitcairn started publishing daily issues in 1873. These were discontinued after two years, but resumed in 1878.
The Tribune occupied its own three-story building at 1110 12th Street, with the press room in the basement, circulation and advertising on the first floor, the editorial department on the second floor and the composing room on the third floor.
Adam J. Greer was one of the first editors, and was followed by William H. Schwartz. Schwartz had been associated with local newspaper work for more than thirty years, and achieved widespread recognition for his editorials.
Mr. Dern died in 1905, but his family retained his interest in the paper. Hugh Pitcairn became the president, and the Tribune remained in control of Pitcairn and the Dern family until 1912, when Col. Henry W. Shoemaker assumed ownership and merged it with two other papers, the "Altoona Gazette" and the "Altoona Times".
Under the Pitcairn-Dern ownership, the Tribune maintained a wide circulation (42,000 in 1899), and appeared each morning. Its political stance was 'independent Republican', and it described itself as 'progressive'.
The new owner, Shoemaker, wrote a weekly column in which he covered regional folklore and history and called for conservation and neighborhood beautification efforts.
Shoemaker died in 1957, and the paper was closed shortly after, with its last edition published on December 31, 1957.
The Tribune was inducted into the Blair County Chamber of Commerce Business Hall of Fame on October 15, 2012.
There was also a newspaper called "The Altoona Tribune," which served Altoona, Wisconsin, and which closed in 1947.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20312124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312124" title="Far Side of Crazy">
Far Side of Crazy

"Far Side of Crazy" is a song by the New Wave group Wall of Voodoo from their album "Seven Days in Sammystown". It was released on 7" and 12" singles in 1985. The song was the band's biggest hit in Australia, reaching #23 in the Australian Charts and staying in the top 100 for 21 weeks. It was featured in the 1985 movie "Head Office". A music video combining black and white and full color footage was made for the song.
7"/12" single.
Side A
Side B
7" promo single.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="20312126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312126" title="St Faith and St Laurence's Church, Harborne">
St Faith and St Laurence's Church, Harborne

St. Faith and St. Laurence's Church, Harborne is a parish church in the Church of England in Harborne, Birmingham.
History.
St. Faith and St. Laurence's Church was designed by the architect P. B. Chatwin and work started in 1937. Building work was interrupted by the outbreak of the Second World War and the building was completed in 1960.
Organ.
A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20312130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312130" title="Amén">
Amén

Amén is the tenth studio album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno, released on Sony International in 2000. 
"Amén", entirely recorded in Miami, was coproduced by Estéfano, with whom the duo had collaborated on the 1994 album "El Amor", and Ricardo “Eddy” Martínez who had produced their two preceding albums "Esclava de tu piel" and "Olé" and also the track “Muévete salvaje” on their 1997 greatest hits compilation "Mucho Azúcar - Grandes Éxitos". Six of the album’s thirteen titles, “Amén”, “Abracadabra”, “Mamma mia”, “Tururú”, “40 kilos de besos”, “Amigo mío” and “Viva la vida”, were written or co-written by Spanish singer and composer Miguel Gallardo, who previously had penned hits like “Hazme el amor”, “Desnúdate, desnúdame”, “A galope”, “Solo se vive una vez”, “Hoy tengo ganas de ti” and “Esclava de tu piel” for the Salazar sisters.
The lead single from the album was “Mamma mia” —not to be confused with the ABBA song with the same title— followed by the title track “Amén”, “Ay amor”, “Dale que dale” and the ballad “Piel de seda”, the latter written by prolific Spanish composer José Luis Perales. The track “San José” was co-produced by Spanish remix team Pumpin’ Dolls, who previously had remixed worldwide hits like Cher’s “Strong Enough”, TLC’s “Unpretty” and Carlos Santana’s “María María”. The track “Abracadabra”, the third single from the album, was along with “Juramento” featured in Spanish movie "Gitano", starring famous flamenco dancer Joaquín Cortés. “Mamma Mia”, “Amén” and “Abracadabra” were all released in a wide variety of extended dance mixes, mixed by among others Pedro del Moral, David Ferrero and Pablo Flores.
"Amén" continued the Salazar sisters’ series of successful albums, selling some 300.000 copies in Spain alone and achieving triple platinum status.
"Amén" was the first Azúcar Moreno album to be accompanied by a DVD release, entitled "Amén Tour". The documentary captures the Salazar sisters touring Spain, Portugal, The Azores, Bulgaria, South America and it also features behind the scenes footage from the making of the videos “Mamma mia”, “Amén”, “Abracadabra” and “Hoy tengo ganas de ti” from their previous album "Esclava de tu piel", the latter filmed in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20312157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312157" title="Valvata lewisi">
Valvata lewisi

Valvata lewisi, common name the fringed valvata, is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Valvatidae, the valve snails.
Distribution.
This species lives in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="20312175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312175" title="Jay Gluck">
Jay Gluck

Jay Gluck (b. 1927 Detroit, Michigan – d. December 19, 2000 California), was an American archaeologist and historian of Persian art and a Japanophile.
Gluck spent his childhood in New York's East Side and also lived in his mother's hometown of Newcastle, England for a short while. At 17, he joined the US Navy Air Arm. After the war, he attended different universities before graduating in Archaeology and Middle East Studies from UC Berkeley in 1949. He attended the Asia Institute School for Asian Studies, where he completed a two-year MA degree.
He was the first to stage performances, art exhibits related to Japan and Asia and stage conferences for Asian problems such as the nationalization of Iranian oil and the Arab-Israeli conflict.
Gluck was responsible for the republishing of the 19 volumes of The Survey of Persian Art after the original printing plates were destroyed in London in the Second World War.
In 1963, edited and published "Ukiyo: Stories of the "Floating World" of Postwar Japan", translation of then contemporary Japanese short stories, including one otherwise unpublished piece by Yukio Mishima; and 1992 saw the re-publication of the mammoth one volume 1,340-page" Japan Inside Out" guide to Japan, originally published in 1964 in five volumes.
Invited to Iran in 1966 by his former professor and mentor Arthur Upham Pope, Jay moved his family to Shiraz from Japan to take up the post of Acting Director of the Asia Institute of the Pahlavi University. "n independent research center of publication and study." Gluck oversaw the restoration of the Narenjestan, the beautiful compound of the Ghavam ol-Molk Shirazi, where the Asia Institute was to be housed.
In 1970, Gluck returned with his family to Japan, but maintained a residence in Tehran until his departure forced upon him by changes in the Iranian political climate of 1979 and pending threats of revolution.
1996 saw the publication of "Surveyors of Persian Art: A Documentary Biography of Arthur Upham Pope & Phyllis Ackerman" edited by Jay Gluck, Noël Siver and Sumi Hiramoto Gluck, the culmination of 30+ years of work in memory of his lifelong mentor and friend.
In 1980, the first Kitano International Festival was held under the stewardship of Jay and his wife Sumi Hiramoto Gluck. The Festival held at the Kitano Jinja(Shrine) became renowned in the local community for bringing together people of all nationalities living in Kobe and for its generous contribution of proceeds to various international charities of the day.
Jay was the first non-Japanese to receive Kobe City's "International" and "Hyogo Prefecture's 'Order of the Crane'" - their highest civilian awards.
Jay Gluck described himself to Contemporary Authors as a "dilettante of the type one laughingly refers to today as an Asian expert." He commuted quarterly between Iran and Japan from 1963–78, and said that he regrets not recording his impressions of the Iranian milieu just prior to the revolution in 1978: "It is a writer's rent for the space and air he takes up to see life more critically and record this, regardless of the immediate cost it threatens to--but usually does not--demand. Failure to do so costs more later and these payments never cease. The Zen adage that he who knows is silent and he who speaks out knows not is now seen to be but a sad commentary, and not the instructions for evidencing wisdom the young accolyte smugly took them for."
Gluck died on December 19, 2000 in California as a result of Parkinson's disease. His wife Sumi lived in their house in Claremont, California until her death on November 19, 2005.
References.
Author: Gale Reference Team
Publication: Contemporary Authors (Biography)
Date: 2002
Publisher: Thomson Gale

</doc>
<doc id="20312180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312180" title="Fisherman (horse)">
Fisherman (horse)

Fisherman (foaled 1951 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred and raced by Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney, a member of the prominent horse-racing Whitney family. He was out of the mare Crawfish and sired by Whitney's Phalanx, the winner of the 1947 Belmont Stakes voted American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse.
Fisherman was trained by future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Sylvester Veitch. Sent to the racetrack at age two, Fisherman won a number of races for his age group including the important Champagne Stakes. Despite Fisherman's performances in 1953, in the balloting for American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt he finished behind Hasty Road in one major poll and Porterhouse in the other two.
In 1954, under regular jockey Hedley Woodhouse, three-year-old Fisherman won the Gotham Stakes. In the U.S. Triple Crown series he finished seventh in the Kentucky Derby and did not run in the Preakness Stakes. But, in the ensuing Belmont Stakes he ran second to High Gun. From there, Fisherman went on to win two very important races. First, he won the Travers Stakes at Saratoga Race Course then, following the withdrawal of an injured High Gun, C. V. Whitney was invited to run Fisherman in the November Washington, D.C. International Stakes. In the mile and a half weight-for-age race on the grass at Laurel Park Racecourse in Laurel, Maryland, he was up against older horses and some of the best from Europe including Queen Elizabeth's colt Landau and the betting favorite, the French filly, Banassa. Ridden by Eddie Arcaro, Fisherman remained within striking distance of the pacesetter before taking the lead and holding off a charge in the homestretch by Banassa to win the race.
In 1955, Fishermen continued to win New York races, capturing the Excelsior Handicap and earning a second in the John B. Campbell Handicap. Encouraged by the performance on grass by Fisherman and another of his top runners, the three-year-old Career Boy, C. V. Whitney decided to send the two horses to compete in the 1956 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Longchamp Racecourse in Paris, France. Fisherman finished off the board with Career Boy taking fourth behind winner, Ribot, one of the best horses in European racing history.
Retired to stud duty, Fisherman met with limited success.

</doc>
<doc id="20312194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312194" title="Jackelin Arias">
Jackelin Arias

Jackelin Arias Kippes (born 1990 in Trinidad, Bolivia), better known as Jackelin Arias, is a beauty queen who represented Bolivia in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She studied marketing and publicity at university.

</doc>
<doc id="20312210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312210" title="Marc Lavoine (album)">
Marc Lavoine (album)

Marc Lavoine is a 2001 album recorded by French singer-songwriter and actor Marc Lavoine. It was released on November 27, 2001, and even if it failed to reach the top ten, it achieved success in France and Belgium (Wallonia), where it remained charted respectively for two and one years.
Background.
This album was composed of new songs and singer's old songs overdubbed as duets, such as "Chère amie (toutes mes excuses)" and "Paris". Lavoine's 1984 hit single "Elle a les yeux revolver" was also included as hidden track in a slower version. "Mucho embrasse-moi" is a cover version of Dalida's hit "Besame mucho", with other lyrics. 1980s singers and musicians Philippe Russo, Alain Lanty and Christophe Deschamps participated in the recording of the album.
The album provided four singles, included two top ten hits (two duets of the album : "J'ai tout oublié", with Cristina Marocco, and "Je ne veux qu'elle", with Claire Keim) and allowed Lavoine to obtain his first number-one hit. The other two singles, "Le Pont Mirabeau" and "J'aurais voul", flopped, failing the top 50 in France.
In France, the album started at #13 on October 13, 2001. It peaked at #11 in its 19th week and remained for 70 weeks in the top 50 and 96 weeks on the chart (top 150). It was eventually certified Double Platinum by the SNEP, the French provider. After leaving the albums chart, it topped the Top Mid'Price / Back Catalogue for four weeks.
Track listings.
Source : "Allmusic"

</doc>
<doc id="20312213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312213" title="Pennsylvania Fair Trade Coalition">
Pennsylvania Fair Trade Coalition

The Pennsylvania Fair Trade Coalition (PAFTC) is a statewide coalition of labor, family farm, faith, environmental and student organizations whose mission is to work for socially, economically and environmentally just trade policies which promote a fair global economy and to oppose unjust, unsustainable trade policies.
PAFTC believes that the North American Free Trade Agreement-World Trade Organization model of globalization has failed the US and trading partners when since 2000 Pennsylvania has lost over 200,000 manufacturing jobs.
The PAFTC has advocated on the state level for further evaluation of trade agreements as related to state government procurement. Former director, PAFTC, Phila Back, testified on this matter to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, recommending a Select Committee on Trade Policy be formed.
Pennsylvania Fair Trade Coalition has also advocated for safer toys, in the context of a toy import safety crisis, citing the root cause of the crisis to be failed trade agreements and weak enforcement.
PAFTC, during the 2008 election received written detailed responses from many of the presidential candidates on what their visions are for trade policy, which were cited in national and international news stories including Bloomberg News.
External links.
PAFTC website

</doc>
<doc id="20312221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312221" title="Al-Sulami flag">
Al-Sulami flag

The Al Sulaimi Flag () is a red and white flag, very similar to today's Bahrain flag, that was used by the Al-Khalifa and Al-Sabah when they were in Kuwait in the early eighteenth century. 

</doc>
<doc id="20312276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312276" title="Romo (disambiguation)">
Romo (disambiguation)

Romo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20312279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312279" title="Once Upon a Time (poem)">
Once Upon a Time (poem)

"Once Upon a Time" is a poem by Nigerian writer Gabriel Okara which expresses concern for the influence of the Western world on age-old African custom.
The Poem is like this:
Once upon a time, son,
they used to laugh with their hearts,
and laugh with their eyes;
but now they only laugh with their teeth,
while their ice block cold eyes
search behind our shadows.
There was a time indeed 
they used to shake hands with their hearts;
but that's gone, son.
Now they left shake hands without hearts 
while their left hands search
my empty pockets.
‘Feel at home!’ ‘Come again’:
they say, and when I come
again and feel
at home, once, twice,
there will be no thrice-
for then I find doors shut on me
So I have learned many things, son.
I have learned to wear many faces
like dresses – home face,
office face, street face, host face,cocktail face, 
with all their conforming smiles
like a fixed portrait smile.
And I have learned too
to laugh with only my teeth
and shake hands without my heart.
I have also learned to say, ‘Goodbye’,
when I mean ‘Good-riddance’:
to say ‘Glad to meet you’,
without being glad; and to say ‘It’s been
nice talking to you’, after being bored.
But believe me, son.
I want to be what I used to be
when I was like you. I want
to unlearn all these muting things.
Most of all, I want to relearn
how to laugh, for my laugh in the mirror
shows only my teeth like a snake’s bare fangs!
So show me, son,
how to laugh; show me how
I used to laugh and smile
once upon a time when I was like you. 
Overview 
The persona is talking to his son about ho wlife changes a person as he/she matures. 
The young and more unguarded and sincere: they 'laugh with there hears.'
As an adult, the persona admits that in the same way 
that people change their appearances 'like dresses,' 
they learn to adjust to life's experiences by adapting 
their attitude and behavior to suit the occasion adopting 
the appropriate 'homeface, / office face, 
street face, host face,/ cocktail face.' 
However, the persona tells his son that 
he wants to be free of the burden of deception and relive 
the time when he was young and free and innocent, just as his son is at the moment. 
SUBJECT 

</doc>
<doc id="20312302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312302" title="Tanja Vujičić">
Tanja Vujičić

Tanja Vujičić (born 5 July 1990 in Mostar, former Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian beauty queen who represented Bosnia & Herzegovina in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She plans to qualify as a dentist.

</doc>
<doc id="20312322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312322" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1838">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1838

United Nations Security Council Resolution 1838 is a United Nations Security Council resolution that calls on nations with vessels in the Somali piracy region to apply military force as a means of repressing acts of piracy. Adopted unanimously on October 7, 2008, it recommends that states commit both naval and air forces to fight this crime. The text was drafted by French authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="20312323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312323" title="Djhistory.com">
Djhistory.com

DJhistory.com is a website dedicated to the history of dance music and DJing, and also an online record label and book publishing company. It aims to encourage interest in obscure, overlooked and collectible dance music (in its broadest sense), by creating an archive of reference material on the subject and by licensing and reissuing rare and exceptional music for download.
History.
DJhistory.com was launched in November 1999 by dance music historians Bill Brewster and Frank Broughton as an online continuation of their book "Last Night A DJ Saved My Life". The website developed into an expert forum of DJs and dance music collectors sharing knowledge about back-catalogue music, including notable DJs François Kevorkian, David Mancuso, Greg Wilson, Prins Thomas and Todd Terje.
Content.
DJhistory.com contains full-length transcripts of interviews with many notable DJs and dance music pioneers, which were the source material for Broughton and Brewster’s books; an archive of magazine articles relating to the history of dance music; reviews of music, books and DVDs; and "Mystery Mixes", DJ mixes of obscure music which the site’s forum members attempt to identify.
In March 2008 DJhistory.com was relaunched with the addition of a music download service selling digital versions of rare and collectible records, including its signature "Secret Weapons" series of powerful but obscure or overlooked dance tracks chosen by a notable DJ from their own collection.

</doc>
<doc id="20312334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312334" title="2010 ASB Classic">
2010 ASB Classic

The 2010 ASB Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 25th edition of the ASB Classic, and was part of the WTA International tournaments of the 2010 WTA Tour. It took place at the ASB Tennis Centre in Auckland, New Zealand, from January 4 through January 9, 2010.
WTA entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="20312347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312347" title="Irthes">
Irthes

Irthes (Greek: '"Ηρθες"; English: "You arrived") is the title of the 12th studio album by Greek singer Sakis Rouvas. The album was released on December 3, 2008 by Minos EMI and is his first new album since 2006. The album features 10 songs primarily composed by Dimitris Kontopoulos. The title track of the album, "Irthes", was written as a dedication to Rouvas' newborn baby girl. The main sponsors of the album are Trident, and once again Vodafone Greece.
In April, the album was repackaged to include Rouvas' 2009 Eurovision Song Contest entry "This Is Our Night", along with the two other songs he sang at the Greek national final, which are included in English and in Greek. The album was subsequently renamed This Is Our Night. The album was ranked as the fourth best Greek album of 2009 by "Ethnos".
Conception.
Background and recording.
"Irthes" marks Rouvas' 12th studio album in his career and first new album in two years. Rouvas began working on the album in the summer 2008, collaborating mainly with Dimitris Kontopoulos. The title track of the album was written for Rouvas' daughter. It is expected that the album will be repackaged in Spring 2009 with Rouvas' Eurovision songs. The album is mainly composed by Dimitris Kontopoulos, with Sanny X making a contribution to one song. Lyricists on the album include Giannis Rentoumis, Giannis Doxas, Nikos Gritsis, Thanos Papanikolaou, Vicky Gerothodorou, and Pigi Konstantinou.
Singles.
"+ Se Thelo" 
"Irthes"
"This Is Our Night" 
"Ksehna To Prin Kai To Meta"
Releases.
Promotion.
Sakis Rouvas was the host of the Greek "The X Factor". On the November 28, 2008 episode, Rouvas performed the title track "Irthes" live on the show. He also performed "Vimata" and "Hamogela" in subsequent episodes.
On December 4, 2008, Sakis Rouvas premiered his winter season shows with the Maggira Sisters at STARZ where he performed songs off of the album. The show was a commercial success and extended to late February. A special presentation of the show was held on Love Radio called "Sakis Live in Love". Rouvas was also Greece's Eurovision participant for 2009.
Reception.
Critical response.
As with Rouvas' last studio album "Iparhi Agapi Edo", "Irthes" received generally favorable reviews, although the general consensus was that it was not one of Rouvas' biggest efforts. The album earned Rouvas a number of awards and nominations, including wins at the MAD Video Music Awards for "Male Artist of the Year" and "Artist of the Year" in 2009, and the "Singer of the Year" at the Status Men of the Year Awards in 2010.
Commercial performance.
"Irthes" debuted on week 50 of IFPI's Greek Albums Chart at number five, only coming behind Michalis Hatzigiannis' "7", Alkistis Protopsalti's "Ki Eimaste Akoma Zondani", Antonis Remos' "Alithies & Psemata", and Eleftheria Arvanitaki's "Kai Ta Matia Kai I Kardia", where it also remained for a second week. The album moved up to number two in its third week on the chart, behind Anna Vissi's album "Apagorevmeno". In its fourth week, the album dropped to number 15, where it remained for its fifth week as well, however, it moved back up to number 6 in its sixth week. It was certified gold after its fourteenth week, denoting shipments of 15 thousand copies, and as of the week 11/2009 charts, it has charted for 15 weeks. From March 2009 to October 2010, IFPI Greece closed operations, making it impossible to track the album's sales through its database after that point. In 2009, IFPI lowered its thresholds to 12 thousand for platinum status, meaning "Irthes" would have automatically been converted to platinum status as its previous certified shipments had surpassed that amount, although any further sales are unknown.
The album placed at number twenty-four on IFPI's Year-end chart for "Top 50 Greek albums of 2008", and number twenty-nine on the "Top 50 Greek and Foreign Albums of 2008".
Awards.
Eurovision Song Contest
MAD Video Music Awards
Status Men of the Year Awards
Tashir Armenian Music Awards

</doc>
<doc id="20312359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312359" title="Itseng Kgomotso">
Itseng Kgomotso

Itseng Kgomotso is a beauty queen who represented Botswana in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She studied for a degree in arts in the University of Botswana. In July 2010 she was the second princess at the Miss Universe Botswana beauty pageant. In October 2010 she won the Toyota Kickoff Soccerbabes model search, becoming the first citizen of Botswana to ever win the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20312368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312368" title="Valvata tricarinata">
Valvata tricarinata

Valvata tricarinata, common name the three-ridge valvata or threeridge valvata, is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Valvatidae, the valve snails.
Distribution.
This species occurred in the Northwest Atlantic Ocean and along the Gulf of Maine.
Shell description.
There is great variation in the degree of carination of the shell.
Paleontology.
"Valvata tricarinata" is abundant in nearly all lacustrine and fluviatile deposits in North America of the Pleistocene period. The fossil shells are more variable than the Recent ones. There were described eight forms or subspecies.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference.

</doc>
<doc id="20312424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312424" title="Bottom Line (album)">
Bottom Line (album)

Bottom Line is a recording by British bluesman John Mayall with various musicians. Along with "No More Interviews" it is one of only two Mayall albums that has never been released on CD.
Personnel.
Transcribed from an original album cover. 1979 Dick James Music.
DJM Records DJM-23 Liner Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20312436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312436" title="Julia Yurevich">
Julia Yurevich

Julia Yurevich is a beauty pageant contestant who is represented Bulgaria in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She studied Communications and Technology in Sofia.
Nationality.
She was born in Kozloduy, Bulgaria,but her parents are Russian (some websites claim,that her parents are Ukrainian).

</doc>
<doc id="20312445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312445" title="Aktapuss">
Aktapuss

Aktapuss is the second LP released by emcee Akinyele. It was released on October 26, 1999, on Volcano/Jive Records and was produced by Akinyele. The album served as the soundtrack of the film of the same name and was modest success, peaking at #64 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #33 on the Top Heatseekers. It also spawned a fairly successful single, "Take a Lick", which made it to #87 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks and #9 on the Hot Rap Singles.

</doc>
<doc id="20312462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312462" title="Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in the Region of Murcia">
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in the Region of Murcia

The Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in the Region of Murcia.
Preferente Autonómica.
Preferente Autonómica is the fifth level of competition of the Spanish Football League in that community. The league consists of a group of 18 teams. At the end of the season the first three teams are promoted to Tercera División (Group XIII). Last four teams are relegated to the Primera Autonómica.
Primera Autonómica.
Primera Autonómica is the 6th level of competition of the Spanish Football League in that community, founded in 2008. The league consists of a group of 16 teams. At the end of the season the first three teams are promoted and the last three are relegated to Segunda Autonómica.
Teams playing in this level.
2012/13
Nuestro Abarán C.F.
(C.D.) Alberca
(C.D.) Algar
Alquerías F.B.
Beniaján C.F.
(C.D.) Cieza 'B'
Corvera C.F.
(E.M.F.) Fuente Alamo
Jumilla C.D.
(C.F.) Lorca Deportiva
Mazarrón F.C.
(C.F.) Molina 'B'
(C.A.P.) Ciudad de Murcia
Atlético Pulpileño 'B'
(A.D.) SOHO-Medi C.F.
Club Olímpico de Totana 'B'
Yeclano Deportivo 'B'
Segunda Autonómica.
Segunda Autonómica is the 7th & last level of Spanish football pyramid in Murcia region. This level consists in two groups of 14 teams each one. At the end of the season, the winners of each group are promoted. There are not relegations.

</doc>
<doc id="20312504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312504" title="Donal Courtney">
Donal Courtney

Donal Gerard Courtney (born 22 May 1964) is a former international rugby union referee. He officially retired from refereeing in 2007 but is still involved with the IRFU Refereeing Department and with the European Rugby Cup.
Educated at CBC Monkstown and Dublin University, he played rugby for Monkstown until 1992, when injury intervened.
He made his international refereeing debut in September 2002, officiating in a World Cup qualifying match between Uruguay and Chile in Montevideo and went on to earn 21 more caps as a referee.
In 2009 he was appointed as the ERC’s first match officials performance manager.

</doc>
<doc id="20312521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312521" title="Leah Ryerse">
Leah Ryerse

Leah Nicole Ryerse is a beauty queen who represented Canada in Miss World 2008 in Johannesburg, South Africa. She completed her second year at McMaster with a double Honours Bachellor of Arts in Health and Social Work.

</doc>
<doc id="20312532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312532" title="Áed Ua Crimthainn">
Áed Ua Crimthainn

Áed Ua Crimthainn ("fl." 12th century), also called Áed mac Crimthainn, was abbot and coarb of Terryglass ("Tir dá Glas"), near Lough Derg in County Tipperary, Ireland. He was the principal scribe of the Book of Leinster (in Irish "Lebar na Núachongbhála", the Book of Oughaval, an important Middle Irish medieval illuminated manuscript, and is also believed to have been its sole compiler.
Áed signed himself "Áed Ua Crimthainn".
Life and work.
Áed was a scholar and a descendant of an old ecclesiastical family of County Laois who were the "comarbai" (heirs) of Colum moccu Loigse, the 6th century founder of the religious house of Terryglass and a friend of Colum Cille. He was the temporal, if not the spiritual, head of Terryglass, succeeding Finn mac maic Chélechair Ui Cheinnéidig, who died in 1152. It seems that Áed himself had no successor and was the last coarb, as Terryglass was burned down in 1164 and was then dissolved by reforms later in the century.
Áed was a friend of Finn mac Gussáin Ua Gormáin, bishop of Kildare and abbot of Newry, who sometimes collaborated with him. Both Finn and Gilla na Náem Úa Duinn assisted Áed with compiling the Book of Leinster. 
According to a note in the Book of Leinster "Áed Ua Crimthainn wrote the book and collected it from many books". It is a literary compendium of stories, poetry, and history, and it appears from annals included in it that it was written between 1151 and 1201, although largely completed by the 1160s. The last entry in the manuscript in Áed's hand which can be dated appears to belong to the year 1166. Gerald of Wales saw the book when he accompanied his cousin Strongbow on his invasion of Ireland and said of its illuminations that they were "the work of Angels".
Áed was probably the court historian of Diarmait Mac Murchada. In the Book of Leinster he was apparently the first scholar to create the concept of the "rí Érenn co fressabra", the "king of Ireland with opposition", later more widely adopted. This described Diarmait's ambitions and the achievements of his great-grandfather Diarmait mac Maíl na mBó. Áed's description of the period between the death of Máel Sechnaill mac Domnaill and the rise of Diarmait mac Maíl na mBó was misread by Conall Macgeoghegan when he compiled the so-called "Annals of Clonmacnoise" in the 17th century, leading to the inclusion of poet Cuán Ua Lothcháin and abbot Corcrán Clérech in some old lists of High Kings of Ireland.
A letter from Bishop Finn to Áed was copied into the Book of Leinster, at folio 206, by one of the other hands of the manuscript. This has been called the oldest surviving personal letter to have been written in Ireland, although this ignores earlier correspondence between Irish bishops and the archbishops of Canterbury. The letter reads:
Áed respected Irish tradition, even when it offended his religious beliefs or his educated sense of reason. However, at the end of the Book of Leinster, the writer added this reservation: 

</doc>
<doc id="20312575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312575" title="Sisters of the Moon">
Sisters of the Moon

"Sisters of the Moon" is a song by Anglo-American rock group Fleetwood Mac. It was written and performed by band-member Stevie Nicks and was released in the US as the fourth single from the 1979 album "Tusk". It peaked at No. 86 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
The song was not released in the UK, where "Not That Funny" had been released as a single instead. The rare 'single version' of "Sisters of the Moon" is included on the compilation "The Very Best of Fleetwood Mac".
When performed live, the song would usually go for over 8 minutes in length. A very well known example of this performance is the Mirage Tour version in 1982. The performance is referred to as the 'speaking in tongues' performance in which Stevie Nicks delivers the song's coda in such an intense, gravelly manner that her words become indecipherable. The video is regarded as one of Nicks' finest live performances by her fanbase.
Fleetwood Mac played this song for the first time since 1982 on April 4, 2013 at their concert in Columbus, Ohio.
References.
"The Great Rock Discography" by Martin C.Strong. Page 378. ISBN 1-84195-312-1

</doc>
<doc id="20312576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312576" title="Jamal Woolard">
Jamal Woolard

Jamal "Gravy" Woolard (born July 8, 1975), is an American actor, rapper, and comedian. He is best known for portraying The Notorious B.I.G. in "Notorious".
Woolard, like Christopher Wallace, is from Brooklyn, specifically L.G., Lafayette Gardens. In real life he raps under the name "Gravy". He is featured in the song "Untouchable" by Tupac Shakur on the "Pac's Life" album. He had to add over 50 pounds to his already large frame to play The Notorious B.I.G. in the film "Notorious".
Woolard was previously known for being shot near radio station Hot 97 in 2006 and giving an interview on the Funkmaster Flex show directly afterwards. His music was later banned from play at the station as a result of a policy that bans "music by any artist who is involved in an altercation at the station."
Recently, Woolard has been considering getting back into the film industry after taking time off to spend with his daughter. Sources say he has been linked with the newly formed Diamantaire Management Inc., who also has unreleased Alex "Chae" Muniz, Marc Anthony's son, as a signed client.

</doc>
<doc id="20312584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312584" title="Bishops Park">
Bishops Park

Bishops Park is a park in Fulham, south-west London. The park was opened by the London County Council in 1893, on land given by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners. It is listed Grade II on the register of parks and gardens of special historic interest maintained by English Heritage.
The park runs north of the River Thames from All Saints church by a broad tree-lined avenue, and an embankment path along the river, and ends at Bishop’s Park Road. It contains tennis courts and bowling greens, with another small park area fronting Fulham Palace Road. It is adjacent to Fulham Palace, and Fulham Football club.
A memorial to members of the International Brigade who volunteered to fight in the Spanish Civil War is located within the park's grounds.
History.
The park was formally opened by Sir John Hutton, chairman of the LCC, in 1893. The park included land known as Bishop's Walk, Bishop's Meadow and West Meadow, formerly owned by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, as Lords of the Manor of Fulham. It was given to the Fulham District Board of Works on condition that the land was laid out and maintained for public recreation. The meadows had already been protected from flooding by the creation of an embankment. The river wall was built between 1889 and 1893 by Joseph Mears, the father of Chelsea F.C. founders, Joseph and Gus Mears. 
The park was extended in 1894 prior to opening in 1900, by the inclusion of Pryors Bank and its gardens. Although the house (then called Vine Cottage) was demolished in 1897, the old gardens were preserved. The gardens contain stone figures depicting 'Adoration', 'Protection', 'Grief' and 'Leda', presented by the sculptor J. Wedgwood. A further sculpture, 'Affection', a mother and child by Herman Cawthorn was added in 1963.
After a successful lottery funding bid in February 2011 the park is facing a major restoration project with almost the entire site being altered and modernized. The works are due to finish later in the year.

</doc>
<doc id="20312589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312589" title="Tomorrow at Ten">
Tomorrow at Ten

Tomorrow at Ten is a 1964 British thriller film directed by Lance Comfort and starring John Gregson, Robert Shaw, Kenneth Cope and William Hartnell in his final film appearance.
Plot.
Petty crook Marlowe kidnaps Jonathan Chester, the young son of wealthy industrialist Anthony Chester, and locks him in an abandoned house. He then goes to see the boy's father and announces that he will only reveal his whereabouts once he has been paid £50,000 (a large sum at the time) and is safely in Brazil. The boy's nanny alerts the police and Inspector Parnell arrives to discourage Chester from paying up least it send out a signal to give in to blackmailers. Marlowe then reveals that a bomb is also in the house where Jonathan is kept and will go off at 10 a.m. the next day. This is too much for Chester who attacks Marlowe causing the crook serious injuries from which he later dies, leaving the police with little time or indications as to where to find Jonathan.

</doc>
<doc id="20312590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312590" title="Maria Bodøgaard">
Maria Bodøgaard

Maria Bodøgaard (born 27 March 1983) is a Norwegian television presenter on The Voice TV Norway. She hosts the show Planet Voice every day.
She was born in Bodø.

</doc>
<doc id="20312599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312599" title="2008–09 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup">
2008–09 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup

The 2008–09 Ski Jumping World Cup was the 30th World Cup season in history. It began on 29 November 2008 at the Rukatunturi ski jumping hill in Kuusamo, Finland, and finished on 22 March 2009 at Planica, Slovenia.
The overall winner of the 2008-09 World Cup was Gregor Schlierenzauer of Austria, who won 13 of the 27 individual competitions, breaking Janne Ahonen's single-season record of 12 wins in a season. Schlierenzauer's 20 podiums in a single season is also a new record. Early leader Simon Ammann of Switzerland finished second in the overall standings, while Four Hills champion Wolfgang Loitzl of Austria finished third. Harri Olli of Finland finished fourth in the overall standings after a late-season run that gave him the first three World Cup wins of his career. Russia's Dimitry Vassiliev rounded out the top five, while defending champion Thomas Morgenstern of Austria finished in a, by his standards, disappointing 7th place overall, failing to win a single individual competition this season.
The Nations Cup, which is determined by adding all points gained by the participants of a country, in both individual and team competitions, was won overwhelmingly by Austria with 7331 points, more than three thousand points ahead of second-placed Finland (4270 points).
Individual World Cup.
Kuusamo.
29 November 2008
Notes:
Trondheim.
6 December 2008
Notes:
7 December 2008
Notes:
Pragelato.
13 December 2008
Notes:
14 December 2008
Notes:
Engelberg.
20 December 2008
21 December 2008
Notes:
Four Hills Tournament.
Oberstdorf.
29 December 2008
Notes:
Garmisch-Partenkirchen.
1 January 2009
Notes:
Innsbruck.
4 January 2009
Notes:
Bischofshofen.
6 January 2009
Notes:
Tauplitz/Bad Mitterndorf.
10 January 2009
Notes:
11 January 2009
Zakopane.
16 January 2009
17 January 2009
Whistler.
24 January 2009
Notes:
25 January 2009
Notes:
Sapporo.
31 January 2009
Notes:
1 February 2009<br>
"Competition cancelled due to strong winds and heavy snow."
Willingen.
8 February 2009
Notes:
Klingenthal.
11 February 2009
Oberstdorf.
14 February 2009
Notes:
Nordic Ski World Championship.
The Nordic Ski World Championship was held between 18 February and 1 March 2009 in Liberec, Czech Republic. It does not count in the World Cup standings.
Nordic Tournament.
Lahti.
8 March 2009
Notes:
Kuopio.
10 March 2009
Lillehammer.
13 March 2009
Vikersund.
15 March 2009
Planica.
20 March 2009
Notes:
22 March 2009
Overall Top 20 (individual).
Key
Team World Cup.
Kuusamo.
29 November 2008
Notes:
FIS Team Tour.
The FIS Team Tour was held between 7 February and 15 February 2009. The results of this competition is determined by adding the overall points totals gained in the team competitions at Willingen and Oberstdorf, and also adding the two best individual scores for each nation in the individual events at Willingen, Klingenthal and Oberstdorf to the final combined score.
Norway won the Team Tour, with an overall score of 4083.8 points. Austria finished second with 4032.2 points, while Finland took third place with a combined score of 3960.4 points.
Willingen.
7 February 2009
Notes:
Oberstdorf.
15 February 2009
Lahti.
7 March 2009
Vikersund.
14 March 2009
Planica.
21 March 2009
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20312624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312624" title="Nicosia Lawson">
Nicosia Lawson

Nicosia Lawson is a beauty queen who represented the Cayman Islands in both Miss World 2008 and Miss Universe 2009. She previously placed 2nd runner-up in the 2000 Miss Teen Cayman Islands competition.
Early life.
Nicosia was born in St. Vincent & the Grenadines on 4 April 1983 but grew up in the Cayman Islands.
She has represented the Cayman Islands as an athlete in netball and track and field as well as a youth ambassador (CARICOM Youth Ambassador (2006 to 2008)and at the 6th Commonwealth Youth Forum in Uganda in 2007).
Modelling.
Nicosia was signed with B&M Models in Toronto and Models International Management in Ottawa. She was featured in a fashion spread in Glow magazine in 2004.
In 2006 Nicosia started her own local women's magazine called Inspire.
Charity work and social groups.
Nicosia has continually expressed her passion for the fight against HIV/AIDS and has supported organizations that advocate education and prevention, research and legislation, capacity building and advocacy. She supports the Cayman Aids Foundation (CAF) and was trained as a National Trainer for the Cayman Islands' Red Cross 'Together We Can' Peer-to-Peer program. She is currently working on a short documentary to education young people in the Cayman Islands about HIV/AIDS and has already launched Public Service Announcements encouraging young people to know their status.
She is also a member of the Rotaract Blue Club of the Cayman Islands and was the Director of International Service for 2007 to 2008.
Miss World 2008.
At the 2008 Miss World competition Nicosia was one of the top 16 finalists in the fast track talent event where she sang India.Arie's 'Ready for Love'.

</doc>
<doc id="20312640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312640" title="Stockholm Resilience Centre">
Stockholm Resilience Centre

The Stockholm Resilience Centre is an international research centre at Stockholm University that focuses on the resilience of social-ecological systems.
The centre is a transdisciplinary initiative between Stockholm University, the Stockholm Environment Institute and the Beijer International Institute of Ecological Economics at The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. It also offers a Masters programmes on social-ecological resilience and has its own PhD Research school.
Research at the Stockholm Resilience Centre is transdisciplinary but organized within the followin areas:
Social-ecological resilience.
Social-ecological resilience is defined as the capacity of a system to cope with perturbations such as climate change or economic shocks and to rebuild and continue to develop itself. Loss of ecosystem resilience can lead to the consequent loss of valuable ecosystem services, which in turn may lead to rapid and dramatic transitions or shifts in for instance people, ecosystems, knowledge systems, or whole cultures.
The resilience approach is closely linked to the aspect of change, be it gradual or sudden. When change is gradual, things move forward in a more continuous and predictable way. When change is sudden, it is simultaneously disorganizing and turbulent, something which is reflected in for instance climate impacts. There is evidence (what evidence?) that periods of abrupt change are likely to increase in frequency and magnitude which in turn challenges the adaptive capacity of societies.

</doc>
<doc id="20312657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312657" title="Biological Weapons Act 1974">
Biological Weapons Act 1974

The Biological Weapons Act 1974 (citation 1974 c.6) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, passed during the reign of Queen Elizabeth II on 8 February 1974, with the long title "An Act to prohibit the development, production, acquisition and possession of certain biological agents and toxins and of biological weapons."
The Act makes illegal the development, production, acquisition or retainment of biological weapons, as well as any weapon delivery systems for the deployment of biological weapons. It also forbade the exchange between people of biological weapons and established the prison sentence for committing the crimes mentioned in the Act; a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.
The Act extends to anyone within the United Kingdom, or British citizens abroad, however the citizen must be within the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man or any of the British colonies to be arrested for the offense.
It also gives Customs and Excise officers the power to seize biological weapons coming in or out of the United Kingdom, or British citizens in other countries transporting biological weaponry for deportation to the UK.
A fourth section says that anyone may be charged (as with other crimes) with aiding and abetting or conspiring to transport biological weapons.
The Act extends to the entire United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="20312666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312666" title="DTVPal">
DTVPal

The DTVPal was a line of digital-to-analog converter boxes designed by Echostar Corporation, sister company to Dish Network Corporation. The boxes were marketed starting in 2008.
The units debuted to both love and criticism from purchasers, primarily related to reliability, warranty, and service issues. All models in the line were discontinued. One model, the DTVPal DVR, had unique features in this class of product: the ability to pause live TV and time-shift broadcast TV digitally. This model returned to production in 2010 as the Channel Master model Channel Master CM 7000PAL.

</doc>
<doc id="20312685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312685" title="Lear, Inc. v. Adkins">
Lear, Inc. v. Adkins

Lear, Inc. v. Adkins, 395 U.S. 653 (1969), is a decision of the U.S. Supreme Court overturning the doctrine of licensee estoppel and holding that public interest considerations require that licensees be free to challenge the validity of possibly spurious patents under which they are licensed. This entailed the overruling of "Automatic Radio Mfg. Co. v. Hazeltine Research, Inc." and prior cases that it had reaffirmed.
Opinion of the Court.
The Supreme Court recognized that a conflict existed between the demands of contract law, which “forbids a purchaser to repudiate his promises simply because he later becomes dissatisfied with the bargain," and federal policy, which “requires that all ideas in general circulation be dedicated to the common good unless they are protected by a valid patent.” Past efforts at compromise to reconcile these competing interests led to “a chaos of conflicting case law.” The Court found guidance in a 19th Century decision stating that “t is as important to the public that competition should not be repressed by worthless patents as that the patentee of a really valuable invention should be protected in his monopoly.” It concluded that the equities of the licensor under contract law were outbalanced by “the important public interest in permitting full and free competition in the use of ideas which are in reality a part of the public domain.” It explained:
Licensees may often be the only individuals with enough economic incentive to challenge the patentability of an inventor's discovery. If they are muzzled, the public may continually be required to pay tribute to would-be monopolists without need or justification.
Based on “the strong federal policy favoring the full and free use of ideas in the public domain,” the Court therefore held that the licensee Lear must be permitted not to pay patent royalties to Adkins if it could prove that the patent was invalid.

</doc>
<doc id="20312701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312701" title="Takchita">
Takchita

The takchita (alternate spellings: taqchita, tackshita, tackchita) is a Moroccan traditional women's garment that, like the Moroccan caftan, is worn for celebrations, particularly weddings. It is composed of two pieces, a dress as a first layer, often of fine but not ornately decorated fabric, and a more elaborate second layer or over-dress that often buttons up the front using the traditional sfifa and akaad closures. The upper layer is often richly adorned with embroidery, beading or sequins. 
Modern interpretations of traditional Moroccan clothing, particularly the takchita, caftan and jellaba are exhibited at the annual Caftan fashion show in Morocco and hosted by the Moroccan fashion magazine "Femmes du Maroc". 
References and notes.
Moroccan Caftan or Tekchita Worn by the Royal Family : [http://atlanticonnection.com/the-moroccan-traditionnal-clothing-caftan-keftan/]
Learn how to make a Caftan or Tekchita: [http://atlanticonnection.com/the-moroccan-traditionnal-clothing-caftan-keftan/moroccan-caftan-how-to-make-a-moroccan-caftan.html]

</doc>
<doc id="20312730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312730" title="George W. Grace">
George W. Grace

George W. Grace, born on 8 September 1921 in Corinth, Mississippi and raised on the Gulf Coast, is an emeritus professor of linguistics at the University of Hawaii specializing in historical and comparative linguistics, ethnolinguistics, and Austronesian languages, especially the Oceanic languages of Melanesia. He joined the Department of Linguistics in 1964, serving three years as chair (1966–1969) and three decades as editor of "Oceanic Linguistics" (1962–1991), a journal he founded while teaching anthropology at Southern Illinois University (1960–1964).
After service with the United States Army Air Corps (1942–1946), he remained in Europe to earn his first university degree, a "licence" in political science from the University of Geneva in 1948. He then accepted a position as a junior research anthropologist at the University of California, Berkeley, where he did fieldwork in 1951 on the Luiseño language, collaborating with Alfred L. Kroeber on "The Sparkman Grammar of Luiseño" (University of California Press, 1960). In 1953–1955 he was a research associate for the Tri-Institutional Pacific Program (a consortium of Yale University, the University of Hawaii, and the Bernice P. Bishop Museum in Honolulu) and then for Yale University conducting research in Austronesian linguistics. In 1955–1956 he conducted a survey in the field of many languages in the Solomon Islands, New Caledonia, Papua New Guinea, and the former Netherlands New Guinea. In 1956–1957 he was an associate in Malayo-Polynesian linguistics at the Bishop Museum.
He completed a Ph.D. dissertation in 1958 under Joseph Greenberg at Columbia University, which was published the following year under the title "The Position of the Polynesian Languages within the Austronesian (Malayo-Polynesian) Language Family". After teaching at the Woman's College of the University of North Carolina (now, University of North Carolina at Greensboro) (1958–1959), at Northwestern University (1959–1960), and at Southern Illinois University (1960–1963), and serving as scholar in residence at the East-West Center in Honolulu (1964), he was hired by the newly formed Department of Linguistics at the University of Hawaii, where he has remained, apart from further fieldwork in New Caledonia (1970, 1971–1973) and New Guinea (1976).
The problem of translation.
The postulate that it is possible to translate anything (no matter what) into any language (no matter which), he distinguished two idealized interpretations of the postulate. These were called the locutionary and perlocutionary interpretations. In the locutionary interpretation the claim is that, given any linguistic expression in any language, it is possible to find in any other language a linguistic expression with the same content. In the perlocutionary interpretation the claim is that anything (i.e., anything sayable) can be made understandable to anyone by means of that person's own language. 
In the locutionary interpretation, then, what we might regard as "the translation" takes the form of a linguistic expression. Note that in this interpretation no claim is made about the understandability of the translation—i.e., about who might be expected to be able to understand it. In the perlocutionary interpretation, on the other hand, "the translation" should probably be thought of, not as a linguistic expression, but rather as the act of explaining—that is, as a performance, mainly verbal, by the translator. Although the performance of the translator (or better, "explainer"?) would involve the uttering of linguistic expressions, and although these linguistic expressions could be recorded, they are likely to lack cohesion. They are likely to include questions, answers to questions, trials and errors, false starts and restatements, etc., and they might have been accompanied by extensive non-verbal clues. It would hardly seem appropriate to think of such recorded explanations as themselves constituting the translation.
Mapping view.
The basic epistemological assumption of the mapping view might be stated as follows: there is a common world out there and
our languages are analogous to maps of this world .. Thus, this common world is represented or 'mapped' (with greater or less distortion) by all languages.world up' - in the way they ' classify' its phenomena. The linguistic construction of reality. This model does not corresponds to the reality 1:1,there are distortions and disturbances.Each language has a slightly different mapping
which could be explained by the fact,that different people have different understanding, for example having temporal phenomena,see Gumperz / Levinson (eds.) 1997:55 ff .39
Reality Construction view.
In the reality-construction view, the imperfectness of our access to
knowledge of the real world assumes central importance.
Emphasis is placed upon the fact that we do not have direct access
to the real world itself, but only to the data about it provided by
our senses. And these senses provide very incomplete information.
Our eyes, for example, respond only to a very narrow band of
wavelengths within the electromagnetic spectrum, our ears only to
a certain limited range of vibratory frequencies in the air or some
other medium, etc.
according to the reality-construction
view, what we a recalling the intertranslatability postulate is false. see Grace, G.W. 1987. The linguistic construction of reality
The reality constructing hypothesis underlines the lack of perfectness of the linguistic construction which is justified by lack of precision provided by our senses.
References.
</references>

</doc>
<doc id="20312747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312747" title="John Wagner bibliography">
John Wagner bibliography

John Wagner has worked on a wide range of British comics most notably working on "Judge Dredd" and the various spin-offs.
Wagner often writes under a number of pseudonyms.
IPC/Fleetway.
Wagner broke into writing comics in 1971 in partnership with Pat Mills, writing scripts for IPC humour comics like "Cor!! and "Whizzer and Chips".
The "2000 AD" group.
Work done for "2000 AD", "Starlord" and "Judge Dredd Megazine"
More to be added.
DC Comics.
Work at DC Comics, and their imprints include:
Dark Horse Comics.
Wagner has also worked at Dark Horse Comics on a number of their licensed properties:

</doc>
<doc id="20312773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312773" title="Accident (2009 film)">
Accident (2009 film)

Accident (), originally titled Assassins (), is a 2009 Hong Kong action thriller directed by Soi Cheang, produced by Johnnie To and starring Louis Koo, and Richie Jen. "Accident" competed at the 66th Venice International Film Festival, and was released theatrically in Hong Kong on 17 September 2009.
The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc in Region 1 by Shout! Factory in 2012.
Plot.
In the opening scene, a man is killed in what appears to be an accident. However, it is revealed that the man was actually murdered, with the supposed accident actually orchestrated by a group of killers led by the Brain (Louis Koo). The group specializes in killing their victims using elaborate schemes that mask the murders as if they were accidents. Uncle (Stanley Fung), one of the team members, accidentally leaves a cigarette butt at the crime scene, and it is found by the Brain. After an argument, Uncle vows to quit smoking afterwards.
The team then gets a job from a son that wants to kill his own father, likely for insurance money. They plan an accident to kill their target via electrocution, but the plan requires for it be to raining at a specific time. The team tries to execute their plan many times but fail due to the rain falling later than necessary. During one run, Uncle smokes a cigarette and begins to show signs of Alzheimer's disease, forgetting that he made a vow to stop smoking. However, the rain falls on time, and the team decides to go forth with their plan. Uncle forgets to play his part in the murder, but the murder is successfully executed nonetheless.
Unexpectedly, after the murder, a bus loses control and almost runs over the Brain. The Brain manages to get out of the bus's path, but the bus then runs over Fatty (Lam Suet), another member of the team, killing him on the scene. The Brain takes Fatty's belongings, with Fatty asking the Brain whether it really was an accident before he dies. The Brain then returns home to find police officers investigating his flat, which was broken into.
The Brain becomes paranoid and is convinced that everything was a setup. He trails the son to an insurance company the next day. The Brain sees the son arguing with an insurance agent (Richie Jen) over what appears to be money, leading the Brain to suspect that the insurance agent was behind the bus accident. The Brain rents a flat on the floor directly below the insurance agent's flat, and begins to perform secret surveillance on the agent.
One day, the Brain trails the client to find the Woman (Michelle Ye) picking up the payment for the job at a parking garage. However, only Fatty and the Brain should have known about the pickup. The Woman explains to the Brain that Fatty had told her about the client, but the Brain, suspecting her betrayal, kills her and takes the money. After he leaves, as he is walking on the sidewalk, the client (the son) falls from the roof of the same building and is dead. The Brain develops further suspicion of the insurance agent, who he can see talking on the phone and later hear him talking about the client on the phone in his flat.
In a later date, the Brain receives a call from Uncle for help. However, the Brain is too late and finds Uncle severely injured, apparently dropping two stories from a building near the crime scene in the opening scene. The Brain decides to take revenge against the insurance agent and devises a scheme to kill the agent by reflecting the sun's rays to blind a car to run over the agent in what would appear to be an accident.
However, in the middle of the plan's execution, there is a solar eclipse, blocking the sunlight. At this time, the Brain receives a call from Uncle in the hospital, who tells the Brain that Fatty's death really was an accident. Uncle had accidentally dropped a bag of toy balls that night, which led to the loss of control of the bus.
Realizing he has made a mistake and that the agent is innocent, the Brain runs and tries to cover the windshield from reflecting light. The agent sees and recognizes the Brain as he is running, but the Brain is too late, and a blinded driver runs over the agent's wife, killing her.
On a later date, as the Brain is leaving the rented flat, he is confronted and stabbed by the insurance agent in the staircase, who asks the Brain why he had to harm them. The Brain looks at the sky and thinks about his own wife before he dies.
Awards and nominations.
29th Hong Kong Film Awards
Reception.
The film opened to lukewarm reviews.
Perry Lam, of "Muse" magazine, writes, "the movie dutifully fulfills the rules of the genre but offers few incidental pleasures."

</doc>
<doc id="20312789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312789" title="Licensee estoppel">
Licensee estoppel

Licensee estoppel was a U.S. patent law doctrine, now overturned, that a licensee under a patent would not be permitted to challenge the validity of the patent. The Supreme Court, in "Lear, Inc. v. Adkins" (1969), held the doctrine inconsistent with a federal policy that the invalidity of specious patents should be unmasked in order to permit full and free competition in technology ideas that belong in the public domain.

</doc>
<doc id="20312793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312793" title="Hacker International">
Hacker International

Hacker International was a Japanese video game company that developed and published games from 1990 to 2001 for the Nintendo Famicom (including Famicom Disk System), NEC PC Engine (including PC Engine CD), Sony Playstation (as Map Japan) consoles, and Microsoft Windows PCs. The company was known for its play-for-porn approach to gaming, with such games as "AV Pachi-Slot" ("Hot Slots") and "Soap Panic" ("Bubble Bath Babes") featuring female nudity as a reward for skilful playing. These games were usually distributed through mail order and sold approximately 30,000 to 50,000 copies each. Many of their games were developed by Taiwanese companies and were released in non-pornographic form elsewhere in the world; however three were released in the United States for the Nintendo Entertainment System with pornography intact (albeit sometimes modified to "Westernise" the girls' features) by another Taiwanese company, Panesian.
None of Hacker's games, with the exception of their 15 Playstation titles, were licensed by the respective console manufacturers; Hiroshi Yamauchi personally opposed pornographic content in Famicom games, believing they would tarnish Nintendo's reputation. When Tokuma Shoten's "Family Computer" magazine published advertisements for Hacker's games, it felt its relationship with Nintendo—which it relied on for preview materials—was so threatened that five of Tokuma's top executives travelled to Nintendo to apologise to Yamauchi in person. However, NEC was more tolerant of Hacker's PC Engine releases (under the Games Express brand) and actually thanked Hacker for helping console sales. Hacker became a licensee for the PlayStation under the name Map Japan, releasing 15 games, but eventually closed in 2001 due to competition from other publishers and Hagiwara's own loss of interest in gaming.
Hacker's relationship to other Japanese adult console game producers of the era, such as Super Pig and MIMI Pro, is debated. For example, in the case of Super Pig, some claim this is merely a pseudonym under which Hacker published Disk System games while others maintain it is an entirely separate company that only occasionally worked with Hacker.
Games.
PC-Engine HuCard.
All games branded Games Express.
PC-Engine CD.
All games branded Games Express, require Games Express System Card.

</doc>
<doc id="20312810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312810" title="Portal Mountain">
Portal Mountain

Portal Mountain is a large mountain in Antarctica. The mountain has a broad ice-capped summit, and stands south of the Lashly Mountains, on the south side of the main stream of the Skelton Glacier where it leaves the polar plateau.
The mountain was discovered by the New Zealand party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition (CTAE, 1956–58), who named it because of its association with The Portal.

</doc>
<doc id="20312900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312900" title="Audio signal flow">
Audio signal flow

Audio signal flow is the path an audio signal takes from source to output, including all the processing involved in generating audible sound from electronic impulses or recorded media.
Analog recording.
An analog console, also known as a mixing board, is a device for routing the multitude of audio signals present in a recording into various outputs. These boards allow the audio signal to be controlled, split, filtered and otherwise adjusted internally and by other devices in the electrical environment. Analog mixers are usually the central piece of equipment in a recording studio or live sound venue. Recording artists using analog consoles had to record using tape decks. Two factors that allowed engineers to distort the audio are in relation to the tape’s width and the speed at which the song was played back.
Digital recording.
Digital audio recording is a very recent and efficient innovation in the music industry. It has allowed a huge expansion in the ability to manipulate the audio after it is recorded. In digital recording, the audio signal is converted into digital information that a computer can process. Our computers use DAW (digital audio workstations) to turn the digitized music into the product of an audible sound.
Signal flow chain.
To start off the signal flow chain there must be a microphone line. This line is a direct transfer of the audible sound to the mixing board. Microphones work as transducers and convert the audio into an electrical current. Speakers are also transducers as they convert the electrical signal to an audible sound. Microphone lines give no effect to the audio; they provide the most basic and clean sound.
The auxiliary send provides a space for plug-ins to be activated. Plug-ins allow the recording engineer to insert a special effect on the audio signal. Many engineers use reverb or delay to create a unique effect on a singer’s voice or even insert a loud distortion on the lead guitarist’s riff. The auxiliary send is another part of mixing that enhances the audio’s personality, but is not required. It is also important for the audio engineer to realise the amount of processing power required by the host CPU to manipulate the audio. It is more efficient to use time modifier plug-ins such as reverb, delay etc. in an auxiliary send - as an insert on the channel strip would require that portion of the signal to be modified dramatically, instead of a split of the signal which would in turn be sent to the auxiliary send.
The on/off switch gives the engineer the option to either activate or bypass the function. The fader only controls the tracks volume but is essential to the entire mix. The fader is gauged by decibels and it is very important. It becomes critical to understand the decibel output of the audio track before recording the signal. A very loud signal can blow the speakers and greatly damage the recording equipment.
Often, when listening to music, it is possible to almost pick out where the instrument is being played in the music. The pan knob allows engineers to “place” the instruments mentally and give the music a great feel. Human ears hear through binaural localization and can tell the difference between right and left sounds. The sound engineer's main goal in using the pan knob is to create a sonic soundscape of instruments, this would create clarity and transparency within the mix, essentially allowing each individual performer to be heard. They want to paint a picture for the listener to make the music more appealing. Often engineers follow the pattern of how you may hear the instruments if the performance were live.
After all these selections have been adjusted to personal preference there are a few final steps. To ease the job of adjusting levels, sub groups may be assigned. This is when a group of microphone lines can be synchronized together so that only one knob controls them all. Sub group assignments are very helpful for an instrument like the drums. A drum set often has microphones on close to every drum and can be very hard to adjust each drum head individually. By assigning the drums to a group, the engineer will be allowed to move the output volume with one knob instead of six lines, for example.
When all audio has been sent through each step, a master mix is in place.

</doc>
<doc id="20312930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20312930" title="Yury Golovkin">
Yury Golovkin

Count Yurii Alexandrovich Golovkin () (1762–1846) was a Russian diplomat who served as Russian Minister (ambassador) in Stuttgart (1813–18) and in Vienna (1818–1822), but is best remembered for his leadership of the ambitious mission to China despatched in 1805.
Ancestry.
Golovkin was born in Lausanne to Count Alexander Alexandrovich Golovkin and his wife, Baroness Wilhelmina-Justina von Mosheim. He was brought up in Paris as a Protestant. His father was a grandson of Peter the Great's chancellor, Gavriil Golovkin. On his death Wilhelmina-Justina remarried Jean-Louis-Paul-François, 5th duc de Noailles. After the fall of the Ancien Régime in France, Yury went to Russia and entered the service of Catherine the Great.
China mission.
The Russian Vice-Minister of Foreign Affairs, Prince Adam Jerzy Czartoryski, had been preparing a mission to China for several years, partly in response to the growing Napoleonic hold over Europe, which left Russia with few possibilities for expansion. The resulting embassy was in some respects Russia’s answer to the embassy sent by Britain in 1793 under Earl Macartney, for the economic importance of Russian trade with China through the Russian-American Company was very significant. The Treaty of Kyakhta (1727) had permitted trade at the town of Kyakhta on the Russian-Chinese border (now the Russian-Mongolian border), roughly half-way between Irkutsk and Urga (present-day Ulan Bator). However, the growth of European trade with China on the Chinese coast in and around Canton was giving rise to the future of Russian trade with China and in February 1803 Count Nikolay Rumyantsev, the Minister of Commerce, proposed a full-scale assault on what he saw as the commercial isolation of East Asia. In the end there were three components to this strategy; the first was Golovkin's mission, which travelled overland across Siberia in the winter, the second was Nikolai Rezanov’s mission to Japan, and the third was Adam Johann von Krusenstern’s circumnavigation of the globe, the first achieved by a Russian ship. The pretext of the Golovkin mission was to inform the Chinese government of the accession of Tsar Alexander I, but the real objective was to secure permission for Russian ships to enter Canton, to negotiate for the opening of a Russian consulate in Beijing and to secure Chinese agreement to the despatch of a Russian mission to Tibet.
Early in January 1806 Golovkin and his cortège reached Urga (Ulan Bator) on their way to Beijing. In Urga, in bitterly cold weather, the entire company were invited to attend an open-air reception at which they were expected to perform the kowtow before a table on which stood a wooden tablet and three candles. Golovkin refused, declaring that he would be happy to prostrate himself before the emperor but could not do so before a piece of wood. With that, the prospects for the mission melted away, and Golovkin and his large train had to retrace their steps to Irkutsk and then St Petersburg.
Ramifications.
There is nothing like failure to ensure obscurity and oblivion, and nothing significant has been written on the Golovkin expedition, even in Russian, since 1875. For the post-war period that may largely be due to the enforced sensitivities of Soviet scholars to the delicacy of Sino-Soviet relations, for, as one of them put it in 1959, it was all a question of the penetration and exploitation of the Chinese market, and that was hardly a friendly act. 
The Golovkin embassy was a political failure, but it provided a unique intellectual opportunity which was not missed by contemporaries in St Petersburg. Filipp Vigel’, whose reminiscences are a valuable source for the workings of Russian upper-class society in the nineteenth-century, recorded that the prospect of travelling to China excited much interest; his own motives for participating were, however, somewhat mercenary, for he was short of money and it was only through his influential connections that he was able to land himself with a well-paid position on the embassy in a clerical capacity. More significantly, the embassy included a party of scientists and other ‘savants’ under the direction of the Academy of Sciences and under the leadership of Count Jan Potocki (1761–1815). Potocki’s leadership of the scientific team was not simply a matter of his personal connections with the fellow Pole, Prince Adam Jerzy Czartoryski, for his intellectual and political credentials for fulfilling that role were impeccable, and without him it is unlikely that the brilliant German orientalist, Julius Klaproth, would have had any part to play in the mission. Others in the party of scientists carried out a detailed exploration of Siberia, studies of the flora and fauna, and so on.

</doc>
<doc id="20313015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313015" title="Vitamin C and the Common Cold (book)">
Vitamin C and the Common Cold (book)

Vitamin C and the Common Cold is a popular book by Linus Pauling, first published in 1970, on vitamin C, its interactions with common cold and the role of vitamin C megadosage in human health. The book promoted the idea that taking large amounts of vitamin C could reduce the duration and severity of the common cold. A Nobel Prize-winning chemist and activist, Pauling promoted a view of vitamin C that is strongly at odds with most of the scientific community, which found little evidence for the alleged health benefits of greatly increased vitamin C intake. The book went through multiple editions, and a revised version that discussed the flu and other diseases, retitled Vitamin C, the Common Cold & the Flu, came out in 1976.
The book characterizes the inability of humans and some other animals to produce vitamin C in terms of evolution and Pauling's concept of "molecular disease" (first articulated in his 1949 study, "Sickle Cell Anemia, a Molecular Disease"). Pauling argues that the loss of vitamin C synthesis first arose as a molecular disease, because of a genetic mutation that resulted in the loss of the biochemical capacity to make the vitamin, but because diets of the primate ancestors of humans consisted of high levels of vitamin C from plant sources, the loss of that biochemical mechanism was not harmful and may have even been beneficial. He argues, however, that the subsequent shift to a high-meat, lower-plant diet resulted in widespread vitamin C deficiency.
Research, writing and revisions.
Pauling began studying vitamin C mega-dosage, and orthomolecular medicine more broadly, after he was contacted in 1966 by biochemist Irwin Stone, who suggested that taking enough vitamin C would let him live another fifteen years. Pauling reinterpreted the large body of research on vitamin C based on comparative studies of the biochemical genetics of vitamin C synthesis in different species, as well his own theories about "molecular disease" and recent developments in molecular evolution. He criticized the design of studies that did not find positive results for vitamin C mega-dose treatment, and promoted those that did. He and other vitamin C advocates thought the vitamin boosts the body's ability to fight all kinds of infection. By 1970, after following Stone's regimen for 4 years and studying and debating the issue extensively, Pauling was sure enough that organized medicine had it wrong that he wrote "Vitamin C and the Common Cold" to popularize his vitamin C message.
In 1970, he found an in-depth 1942 study from public health researcher at the University of Minnesota, "Vitamins for the Prevention of Colds", which became a focal point for his subsequent criticism of what he saw as flawed vitamin C research. One chapter was added to the second edition in 1971. By 1976, following confrontations with researchers holding to the mainstream view of vitamin C, Pauling expanded the book to include evidence related to a wide variety of other illnesses, and the flu in particular. That edition and a further revision in 1981 were issued under the title "Vitamin C, the Common Cold & the Flu".
Reception.
The book was well received by the public and garnered considerable popular attention, resulting in a rush of vitamin C sales. Paperback editions were issued in 1971 and 1973, and Pauling subsequently authored several related books: "Vitamin C and Cancer" (1979) and "How to Live Longer and Feel Better" (1986). 
The book and Pauling himself faced considerable criticism from scientists and physicians. Three studies by the Mayo Clinic found that patients given 10,000 mg of vitamin C daily did no better than those given a placebo.

</doc>
<doc id="20313018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313018" title="Unthinkable">
Unthinkable

Unthinkable is a 2010 American suspense thriller film directed by Gregor Jordan and starring Samuel L. Jackson, Michael Sheen and Carrie-Anne Moss. It was released direct-to-video on June 14, 2010. The film is noteworthy for the controversy it generated around its subject matter, the torture of a man who threatens to detonate three nuclear bombs in separate U.S. cities.
Plot.
The film begins with an American Muslim man and former Delta Force operator named Yusuf (Sheen), formerly named Younger, making a videotape. When FBI Special Agent Helen Brody (Moss) and her team see news bulletins looking for Yusuf, they launch an investigation, which is curtailed when they are summoned to a high school, which has been converted into a black site under military command. They are shown Yusuf's complete tape, where he threatens to detonate three nuclear bombs in separate U.S. cities if his demands are not met.
A special interrogator, "H" (Samuel L. Jackson), is brought in to force Yusuf to reveal the locations of the nuclear bombs. H quickly shows his capability and cruelty by chopping off one of Yusuf's fingers with a small hatchet. Horrified, Special Agent Brody attempts to put a stop to the measures. Her superiors make it clear that the potentially disastrous consequences necessitate these extreme measures. As the plot unfolds, H escalates his methods (with Brody as the "good cop"). Brody realizes that Yusuf anticipated that he would be tortured. Yusuf then makes his demands: he would like the President of the United States to announce a cessation of support for "puppet governments" and dictatorships in Muslim countries and a withdrawal of American troops from all Muslim countries. The group immediately dismisses the possibility of his demands being met, citing the United States' declared policy of not negotiating with terrorists.
When Brody accuses Yusuf of faking the bomb threat in order to make a point about the moral character of the United States government, he breaks down and agrees that it was all a ruse. He gives her an address to prove it. They find a room that matches the scene in the video tape and find evidence on the roof. A soldier removes a picture from an electrical switch which triggers a tremendous C-4 explosion at a nearby shopping mall visible from the roof. The explosion kills 53 people. Angry at the senseless deaths, Brody returns to Yusuf and cuts his chest with a scalpel. Yusuf is unafraid and demands she cut him. He justifies the deaths in the shopping mall, stating that the Americans kill that many people every day. Yusuf says he allowed himself to be caught so he could face his oppressors.
H questions whether Yusuf will reveal the bombs' location unless Yusuf's wife is found. When she is detained, H brings her in front of her husband and threatens to mutilate her in front of him. Brody and the others begin to take her away from the room in disgust. Out of desperation, H slashes her throat and she bleeds to death in front of Yusuf. Still without cooperation, H tells the soldiers to bring in Yusuf's two children, a young boy and a girl. Outside of Yusuf's hearing, he assures everyone that he will not harm the children. Yusuf's children are brought in and H makes it clear that he will torture them if the locations of the bombs are not divulged. Yusuf breaks and gives three addresses (in New York, Los Angeles and Dallas), but H does not stop, forcing the others to intervene. Citing the amount of missing nuclear material Yusuf potentially had at his disposal (some 15–18 lbs. were reported missing, with about 4½ lbs. needed per device), H insists that Yusuf has not admitted anything about a hence-unreferenced "fourth" bomb. H points out that everything Yusuf has done so far has been planned meticulously. He knew the torture would most likely break him, and he would have been certain to plant a fourth bomb, just in case. 
Here it becomes clear that the purpose of the preceding torture was not to break Yusuf, but rather to make it clear to him what would happen to his children if he did not cooperate. The official in charge of the operation demands that H bring Yusuf's children back in for further interrogation. H demands that Brody bring the children back in, because her decency will give him the moral approval that he needs to do the "unthinkable". When Brody refuses to retrieve the children for H, he unstraps Yusuf, sarcastically setting him free. The official draws his pistol and aims it at H to coerce him into further interrogation. Yusuf grabs the official's gun. He asks Brody to take care of his children and kills himself. Brody walks out of the building with Yusuf's children.
Extended version.
An FBI bomb disposal team arrives at one of the disclosed locations and resets the timer, apparently by typing random text in a spreadsheet, to prevent the bomb from going off. As the FBI are celebrating however, behind a nearby crate, the originally unconfirmed fourth bomb's timer counts down to zero. The screen immediately cuts to black and the credits roll.
Reception.
Policy adviser Charles V. Peña opines that "Ultimately, ["Unthinkable"] is about the age-old question, 'Do the ends justify the means?'... In the end, "Unthinkable" doesn’t answer the question... but does provide plenty of food for thought". Film reviewer Matthew Alford argues that "the aesthetic realism and apparent seriousness of "Unthinkable" is a mask for the absurdity of its content and reactionary politics" making it more than just a "nightmare scenario" but rather "a white paper from Freddy Krueger". A similar point is raised by DVD columnist Sean Axmaker who calls the film "a clumsy polemic that bounces between the boundaries of stage-play debate and torture porn spectacle".
Indian critic Rohit Rao recommends the movie with 3 and half stars, referring to Samuel L. Jackson's "powerhouse performance" in playing H as "brutally direct and mysterious at the same time".

</doc>
<doc id="20313056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313056" title="Henrique Neris Brito">
Henrique Neris Brito

Henrique Neris de Brito (born 11 May 1987 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer. 
He has playing for Portuguese side Sport Clube Vila Real. The Portuguese Liga club Rio Ave who bought the striker in 2007 from Brazilian football team Atlético Paranaense. After the releasing by Portuguese side Rio Ave F.C. was a half year without an club, before signed in the Spring of 2010 with Cuiabá Esporte Clube.

</doc>
<doc id="20313059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313059" title="2008–09 Saudi Professional League">
2008–09 Saudi Professional League

The Saudi Professional League is the top level league in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Al-Hilal are the defending champions and also hold the most number of titles, with 11.
Qualification and Prize money.
The Top three of the league and the winner of Champions Cup qualifies to the AFC Asian Champions League.
The Top six qualify to Champions Cup.
Prize money:
Top goalscorers.
"Source: goalzz.com"

</doc>
<doc id="20313100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313100" title="Slingsby King Kite">
Slingsby King Kite

The Slingsby T.9 King Kite is a British glider designed and built by Slingsby that first flew in 1937.
Design and development.
ISTUS (international commission for the study of motorless flight) launched a campaign for gliding's inclusion in the Olympic games, organising an international competition, planned for 4–17 July 1937 for aspiring national teams. The BGA were in a quandary as the only suitable aircraft was the Buxton Hjordis. To replace it Mungo Buxton had started the design of the Hjordis 2 but due to his commitments as a serving RAF officer Buxton handed over the design to Slingsby, Sproule and Shaw to complete the aircraft. Buxton had studied the latest soaring techniques and came to the conclusion that competitive aircraft would need to fly efficiently at higher speeds and not sacrifice glide performance for climb performance.
The result of their efforts, the Slingsby Type 9 King Kite, emerged as a cantilevered gull wing sailplane with wooden structure covered by plywood throughout, except for fabric covered ailerons, tailpane, elevators and rudder. A large comfortable cockpit housed the pilot under a canopy built up from single curved pieces of plexiglas. To ensure full aileron control at high speed it was necessary to build a stiff wing with ribs at half the normal spacing with a deep laminated timber main spar. The trailing edges of the wings were taken up by landing flaps inboard of the gull joint and ailerons outboard.
Flight tests.
Flight tests of the King Kite with Philip Wills at the controls revealed a tendency to enter spins easily, and more importantly, a reluctance to recover from spins. To alleviate the problem while a permanent solution was found the rudder was increased in size twice, initially in span and later in chord.
Wasserkuppe 1937 International Competition.
The three King Kites, Hjordis and the Falcon III were all shipped to Wasserkuppe in time for the 1937 international competition. The first launch for the British team ended in disaster when Willy Watt, in a King Kite, on his first ever bungee launch attempted to turn immediately after the bungee slipped off the hook, the King Kite spun into the ground disintegrating around the dazed Watt. John Nielan also had an episode with spinning, recovering at very low altitude and then continuing on a cross-country competition task. The reason for the King Kites handling problems was attributed to the inner wing being jigged improperly in the factory, so rectification on the three already built King Kites was impossible.
After Wasserkuppe.
After their return from Wasserkuppe the two remaining King Kites flew very little before the out break of the Second World War. Both aircraft were impressed by the RAF for use by ATC officers, one breaking up in flight during 1946 and the other transferred to the RAFGSA (Royal Air Force Gliding & Soaring Association) at Detling where it was scrapped in 1950, after glued joints were found to have failed.
Re-birth of the King Kite.
In 1978 the blueprints were recovered from storage and a replica King Kite was built by David Jones using modern low drag wing profiles, with advice from Professor Wortmann at Akaflieg Stuttgart.

</doc>
<doc id="20313105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313105" title="Ctenochaetus strigosus">
Ctenochaetus strigosus

The Kole Tang or Spotted surgeonfish or Goldring surgeonfish, "Ctenochaetus strigosus", is a marine reef tang in the fish family Acanthuridae which is endemic to Oceana. It grows to 5.7 inches (14.6 cm) in the wild. Its a brown color with light blue to yellow horizontal stripes over its body which change into spots towards the face. It also has a vividly yellow area surrounding the eye, sometimes leading to it being known as the yellow-eyed tang. In the aquarium trade it can be seen under a variety of common names, including Yellow-eyed Kole Tang, Striped Bristletooth, and Bristletooth Tang.
This species is an herbivore, grazing algae on the shallow reef. It has also been commonly observed to clean algal growths from the shells of sea turtles. In the Ahihi-Kinau nature preserve area on Maui, Hawaii, aggregations of this fish have established "cleaning stations" where green sea turtles come to be groomed. This is a symbiotic relationship. The fish benefit by having access to an easy meal, while the turtles get groomed of the algae growths on their shells, which can increase drag in the water when growth becomes too dense.
The species is commonly offered for sale in the marine aquarium trade, where it is valued for its algae-grazing habit. It can be aggressive toward other surgeonfish and needs high amounts of water movement when kept in captivity, where a minimum of a 70 gallon aquarium is required.

</doc>
<doc id="20313125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313125" title="River of Earth">
River of Earth

River of Earth is a novel, published in 1940, by Appalachian author James Still.
Plot synopsis.
The book focuses on three years in the life of an Appalachian family as told from the viewpoint of a young boy. The boy watches as his parents are pulled between their meager but independent life as farmers, and the uncertain promise of prosperity offered by the mining camps in Appalachia.
Publication.
The book was published in 1940, within a year of "The Grapes of Wrath", and by the same publisher. 
The cabin that appears on the cover of the newest edition was located in Knott County, Kentucky, where Still lived for about 50 years...
Criticism.
Many issues arise from a discussion of the differences and similarities between River of Earth and Grapes of Wrath. Critic Dean Cadle notes that these are the only books chronicling the demoralizing Depression years; Steinbeck’s novel about the dust bowl/1929 crash/depression era, while Still is writing about traumas that span the existence of mountain people in America. Similarly, Ted Olson suggests the work relies on the theme of working-class families vs. socio-economic political systems. Douglas Reichert Powell claims that national epics are about the inevitability of displacement and nomadism. Place is then reduced to being stopped, giving up, or resting; while River of Earth is concerned with (even) the “possibility of place”.

</doc>
<doc id="20313131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313131" title="Jon Kalinski">
Jon Kalinski

Jonathon Brent Kalinski (born May 25, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger Hershey Bears of the American Hockey League (AHL) .
Playing career.
The Philadelphia Flyers selected Kalinski in the 6th round, 152nd overall, of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. Kalinski scored his first NHL goal on December 30, 2008 against Cory Schneider of the Vancouver Canucks. 
On July 20, 2011, the Flyers announced they reached an agreement with Kalinski on a one-year contract extension. During the 2011-12 season, Kalinski was traded from the Flyers to the Tampa Bay Lightning, along with a 2012 or 2013 2nd-round pick and a 2013 4th-round pick, for Pavel Kubina on February 18, 2012.
On September 18, 2012, with the NHL lockout affecting his NHL interest as a free agent, Kalinski signed a one-year AHL contract with the Hershey Bears.

</doc>
<doc id="20313138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313138" title="Slingsby T.20">
Slingsby T.20

The Slingsby T.20 was a British glider designed and built by Slingsby that first flew in 1944.
Design and development.
The Type 20 was probably the least well known Slingsby product, yet it arguably had the most exciting flying life. The design started life in parallel with the larger Type 21, as a private venture inexpensive robust two-seat training glider intended for the Air Training Corps. The aircraft borrowed design elements from several predecessors, including an enlarged wing from the T.8 Kirby Tutor, and a fuselage, reminiscent of the early Falcons, with cabane struts in front of the rear cockpit, which sat in front of the narrow cabane structure under the centre-section, as well as an additional cockpit in the nose.
Flight trials.
Flying with the T.20 began in 1944 with no reported problems, the prototype languished at Sutton Bank Gliding Club, emerging only to fly the occasional illegal soaring flight, the pilots that flew the T.20 all praising its handling. No production order was forthcoming however.
Preparation for carrier trials.
During the intensive carrier operations of the war it had been noticed that there were many accidents as aircraft neared the 'Round-down' (the aft edge of the flight deck) on their approach to 'Land-on'. To investigate this phenomenon the Admiralty authorised a research program to establish airflow patterns over the 'Round-down' on large Aircraft Carriers using a suitable glider towed behind a carrier using a small winch to allow the glider to climb, descend and move forwards and backwards in relation to the 'Round-down'. John Sproule, former designer at Slingsby, was ordered to find a suitable aircraft and carry out the test flying. In 1945 Sproule visited the Slingsby works and took the prototype T.20 away for use in the carrier trials.
Carrier trials on HMS "Pretoria Castle".
The T.20 was fitted with special instrumentation and large Zap flaps, fixed at 30°, at Wombleton aerodrome where initial trials were carried out at low altitude towed behind a car. The glider, scientists, John Sproule and winch were loaded onto HMS "Pretoria Castle" at the Clyde docks and on 29 May 1945 the T.20 took off, tethered to a winch on the flight deck. The glider was manoeuvred around the aft end of the carrier, as she steamed along at 35 knots, until there was a sudden shift in the wind which left Sproule struggling to maintain height calling for the winch to haul him in so he could gain height. The winch engine had stalled and was reluctant to start, but just as Sproule was preparing to abandon the T.20 in the wake of the carrier, the winch burst into life and the T.20 climbed away allowing the shaken Sproule to land the T.20 back on the deck. Results gathered by the instruments were of poor quality so the trials on "Pretoria Castle" were abandoned.
Carrier trials on HMS "Illustrious".
After the scientists had modified their instruments, a new set of trials were authorised to take place on . Sproule and an experienced glider pilot as deputy, scientists, glider and equipment were embarked on "Illustrious" in the English Channel. Initial flights with Sproule at the controls went well, but his deputy's first outing ended in disaster as the pilot failed to pull back on the stick to climb away, staying close to the deck weaving from side to side till eventually the tow cable snagged a telecoms antenna and unceremoniously dumped the T.20 into the 'Oggin' alongside the carrier. The deputy pilot was rescued but the unfortunate T.20 was rammed by an accompanying destroyer to ensure the wreckage sank.

</doc>
<doc id="20313167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313167" title="Slingsby Skylark 2">
Slingsby Skylark 2

The Slingsby T.41 Skylark 2 was a sailplane produced from 1953 at Kirbymoorside, Yorkshire by Slingsby Sailplanes
Design and development.
Following the technical success of the T.37 Skylark, the concept was expanded with the introduction of the T.41 Skylark 2. The use of laminar-flow sections was continued but the section at the tips was changed to NACA4415 to reduce the tendency to tip-stall. The Skylark 2 was very similar in shape to its predecessor but had a smooth-skinned rounded fuselage and a wing of greater span and area. Composite materials were introduced in the Skylark 2, with the nose cone, wingtips and various small fairings made from polyester resin glassfibre. The thickness of the aerofoils was increased to ensure that drag was reduced over a wider speed range allowing the Skylark 2 to climb faster in thermals at low speed and race between thermals at high speed.
History.
The prototype was flown in November 1953 and tested by the British Gliding Association's Test Group No.1 based at Lasham Airfield. Results of the tests showed that the Skylark 2 was a safe aircraft with a reasonable performance. Orders were received from individuals, clubs and syndicates, but the Skylark 2 was soon outclassed in international competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20313174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313174" title="Manuel Antín">
Manuel Antín

Manuel Antín (born February 27, 1926) is an Argentine film director and screenwriter.
Manuel Antín was born in Las Palmas, Chaco Province, in 1926. He first wrote for Argentine television in 1956 and made his directorial debut in 1962 with his first film: "La cifra impar" (Odd Number), based on a story by Julio Cortázar, (Cartas de mamá). The film"The Venerable Ones" earned him a Golden Palm nomination at the Cannes Film Festival, and his "Circe" (1964), a Golden Bear at the 14th Berlin International Film Festival. Perhaps his best-known film, the bucolic "Don Segundo Sombra" (1969), earned him a second Golden Palm nomination at Cannes.
In 1983 he was designated as director of the Instituto Nacional de Cine in the government of Raúl Alfonsín.
In 1991 he founded the Universidad del Cine, an institution devoted to film teaching and production.

</doc>
<doc id="20313234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313234" title="Day of Compassion">
Day of Compassion

Day Of Compassion was an annual television special (1993–98) which honored those who have AIDS or who are HIV-positive. Neil Tadken, creator, was so moved by the HIV/AIDS-awareness storyline involving the character Billy Douglas (Ryan Phillippe) on "One Life To Live", that Tadken contacted the producers of all ten daytime dramas, suggesting that on June 21, their shows mention AIDS and HIV in some way. All My Children, One Life To Live, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives participated in the first year. Hollywood Support's became the supporting organization, headed by Barry Diller and other major studio heads in the Hollywood. Neil Taken then met with producer Lawrence Leritz, who agreed to become the East Coast producer and spokesman. Leritz continued for three seasons; "Day Of Compassion" became the largest one-day event in television history with over 200 shows on the air; soaps, talk shows, cable and news. Time Magazine named Lawrence as their Local Hero in June 1996 for his contribution.

</doc>
<doc id="20313290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313290" title="Drioma">
Drioma

According to Slavic mythology, Drioma (in Russian Дрёма) is a spirit of the evening and the night. She affects the appearance of an old, kindly woman, with soft hands, or a little man with a soft, lulling voice. Drioma walks the evening beneath the windows, and when darkness falls, enters the house through cracks and fissures. She comes to see children, asleep with their eyes closed, arranges the bedspread, and strokes their hair. This spirit is less gentle with adults, in whom she inspires nightmares. 

</doc>
<doc id="20313349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313349" title="Dagenham Park Community School">
Dagenham Park Community School

Dagenham Park Church of England School or Dagenham Park school, is a secondary school located in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham. It was formerly called Dagenham Priory. The school has improving GCSE results.
Dagenham Park Community School is an average sized comprehensive school with arts college status, for students between 11–18 years.
The school has students from a wide range of ethnic groups and a designated unit for 30 students with moderate learning difficulties.

</doc>
<doc id="20313412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313412" title="Holzgauer Wetterspitze">
Holzgauer Wetterspitze

Holzgauer Wetterspitze is a mountain in the Lechtal Alps of Tyrol, Austria. The elevation at its peak is . It is located in the district of Reutte, south of Holzgau, for which its name (meaning "Holzgau weather tip/point") is derived, and east of Kaisers. It is also about north of the Feuerspitze (2,852 m). 
The mountain consists primarily of limestone from the Upper Triassic period.

</doc>
<doc id="20313453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313453" title="Mei Yanling">
Mei Yanling

Mei Yanling (; born December 12, 1983 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a beauty pageant contestant who won the title of Miss China World 2008 and represented China in Miss World 2008 in Johannesburg, South Africa. She studied for her Masters in Public Relations and her ambition is to have her own PR company.

</doc>
<doc id="20313501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313501" title="Adele Carles">
Adele Carles

Adele Simone Carles (born 19 February 1968) is an Australian politician. She was a member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 2009 to 2013, representing the electorate of Fremantle. She was initially elected as a Greens WA member, and was the first Greens MP to be elected to the Legislative Assembly. However, she resigned from the party on 6 May 2010 to sit as an independent. In November 2010, Carles agreed to guarantee confidence and supply votes for the incumbent Colin Barnett Liberal minority government. She ran for re-election as an independent at the 2013 state election, but was defeated, finishing fourth behind the Labor, Liberal and Greens candidates with 5.49% of the vote.
2008 state election.
Carles, a solicitor before entering politics, was defeated in the 2008 state election. She polled 27.6% of the vote against Labor Attorney-General Jim McGinty (38.7%), marginally less than Liberal candidate Brian Christie (30.2%).
2009 Fremantle by-election.
In 2009, Carles was preselected by Greens WA to run again in Fremantle in a by-election following the retirement of Jim McGinty. With the Liberal Party not contesting the election, Carles was rated a chance of becoming only the second Greens candidate to be elected to a lower house of Parliament from a single member electorate, after Michael Organ in the NSW federal Division of Cunningham from 2002-2004.
Carles won the seat with 44.06% of the primary vote, ahead of the ALP's candidate and former Fremantle Mayor, Peter Tagliaferri, as well as receiving enough preferences from other candidates to gain an absolute majority of ballots cast. This was the highest primary vote result for the Greens in a state or federal election in Australia, and the first time the Greens had outpolled all other parties on their primary vote. Their previous record vote was 38.96% in the 2005 Marrickville by-election in New South Wales (also not contested by the Liberals).
Buswell affair.
In April 2010, Carles publicly acknowledged that Liberal Treasurer Troy Buswell and herself had been engaged in a "mutual, albeit stupid" affair that lasted several months. Carles had previously denied the affair despite persistent rumours, claiming to be a victim of a Labor party smear campaign.
On 6 May 2010, she resigned from the Greens to sit as an independent.
In December 2012, Troy Buswell launched a $3 million defamation case against Carles in relation to allegations and counter-claims both made about Buswell's alleged lewd and drunken behaviour at the home of property developer Nigel Satterley in December 2011.
At the 9 March 2013 state election Carles was defeated by Labor's Simone McGurk.

</doc>
<doc id="20313524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313524" title="Jamie Lin">
Jamie Lin

Lin Jieming (); Pinyin: Lín Jiémíng; Wade-Giles: Lin Chieh-ming, best known as Jamie Lin, is a beauty queen who won the title of Miss Taiwan (Chinese Taipei) 2008, and represented Republic of China (Taiwan) as Chinese Taipei in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She graduated with a degree in Economics from the University of California.

</doc>
<doc id="20313528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313528" title="Vandenberg Village Community Services District">
Vandenberg Village Community Services District

The Vandenberg Village Community Services District is a local governmental agency in Vandenberg Village, California. Vandenberg Village is an unincorporated community in Santa Barbara County north of Lompoc, near Vandenberg Air Force Base. When Vandenberg Village was built in the 1960s and 1970s, most of the residents worked on the base. Today, their employers can be found throughout the central coast. 
General.
Vandenberg Village Community Services District provides water and wastewater services to the community. It is governed by California Government Code Section 61000, et. seq. The district was established by the Vandenberg Village Association in 1983 as a local government agency. After approval by the Santa Barbara County Local Agency Formation Commission (LAFCO), the voters approved the District formation by a 1673 to 253 vote. $5.4 million in revenue bonds were approved by the voters in two separate bond measures in order to purchase the water and wastewater facilities of the private utility providing services to the area.
Board of Directors.
The District is governed by a board of five directors elected every four years in a general election.
References.
Vandenberg Village Community Services District website

</doc>
<doc id="20313537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313537" title="Golovkin">
Golovkin

Golovkin is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20313560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313560" title="Regular paperfolding sequence">
Regular paperfolding sequence

In mathematics the regular paperfolding sequence, also known as the dragon curve sequence, is an infinite automatic sequence of 0s and 1s defined as the limit of the following process:
At each stage an alternating sequence of 1s and 0s is inserted between the terms of the previous sequence. The sequence takes its name from the fact that it represents the sequence of left and right folds along a strip of paper that is folded repeatedly in half in the same direction. If each fold is then opened out to create right angled corner, the resulting shape approaches the dragon curve fractal. For instance the following curve is given by folding a strip four times to the right and then unfolding to give right angles, this gives the first 15 terms of the sequence when 1 represents a right turn and 0 represents a left turn.
Starting at "n" = 1, the first few terms of the regular paperfolding sequence are:
Properties.
The value of any given term "t""n" in the regular paperfolding sequence can be found recursively as follows. If "n" = "m"·2"k" where "m" is odd then
Thus "t"12 = "t"3 = 0 but "t"13 = 1.
The paperfolding word 1101100111001001..., which is created by concatenating the terms of the regular paperfolding sequence, is a fixed point of the morphism or string substitution rules
as follows:
It can be seen from the morphism rules that the paperfolding word contains at most three consecutive 0s and at most three consecutive 1s.
The paperfolding sequence also satisfies the symmetry relation:
which shows that the paperfolding word can be constructed as the limit of another iterated process as follows:
In each iteration of this process, a 1 is placed at the end of the previous iteration's string, then this string is repeated in reverse order, replacing 0 by 1 and vice versa.
Generating function.
The generating function of the paperfolding sequence is given by
From the construction of the paperfolding sequence it can be seen that "G" satisfies the functional relation
Paperfolding constant.
Substituting "x" = ½ into the generating function gives a real number between 0 and 1 whose binary expansion is the paperfolding word
This number is known as the paperfolding constant and has the value
General paperfolding sequence.
The regular paperfolding sequence corresponds to folding a strip of paper consistently in the same direction. If we allow the direction of the fold to vary at each step we obtain a more general class of sequences. Given a binary sequence ("f""i"), we can define a general paperfolding sequence with folding instructions ("f""i"). 
For a binary word "w", let "w"‡ denote the reverse of the complement of "w". Define an operator "F""a" as
and then define a sequence of words depending on the ("f""i") by "w"0 = ε, 
The limit "w" of the sequence "w""n" is a paperfolding sequence. The regular paperfolding sequence corresponds to the folding sequence "f""i" = 1 for all "i".
If "n" = "m"·2"k" where "m" is odd then
which may be used as a definition of a paperfolding sequence.

</doc>
<doc id="20313590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313590" title="Deborah Boone">
Deborah Boone

Deborah Boone (born 1951) is a Democratic member of the Oregon House of Representatives, representing District 32 since her appointment on August 4, 2004, to serve out the remaining term of Representative Elaine Hopson. Boone won re-elections in 2004, 2006, and 2008.
District 32.
Oregon's 32nd House District includes parts of Clatsop, Tillamook, Columbia, and Washington counties in Northwest Oregon. The district office is in Cannon Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="20313592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313592" title="Te Rauparaha Arena">
Te Rauparaha Arena

Te Rauparaha Arena is a multi-purpose indoor sports and entertainment centre in Porirua, New Zealand. The centre, which cost NZ$17.5 million to construct, was officially opened on 21 November 2008. The main stadium has a maximum capacity of 3,000, while a secondary stadium can hold another 500 people. The name of the venue was gifted by the Ngāti Toa iwi, acknowledging of one of their most famous leaders, Te Rauparaha.
The venue was built as a replacement for the Porirua Recreation Centre, which went into the administration of the Porirua City Council in 1998 after it was no longer able to be maintained. The council decided to replace it with a larger sports and entertainment centre in 2000. Following years of designing and community consultation, construction of the present venue began in January 2008, and celebrated its official opening on 21 November.
Te Rauparaha Arena is an alternate home venue for the Central Pulse in the ANZ Championship. In 2009, it was the venue at which the Pulse recorded their first victory in the ANZ Championship, with a 53–52 victory over 2008 champions the New South Wales Swifts.
It hosted the Māori Art Market in 2009 and will host it again in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20313608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313608" title="Nybro IF">
Nybro IF

Nybro Idrottsförening (Nybro Athletic Association) is a Swedish football club located in Nybro.
Background.
Nybro IF was founded in 1906 and has played in Sweden's second-highest division in football and men's top division in men's ice hockey. The ice hockey section broke away from the club in 1998 and formed their own club, Nybro Vikings IF.
Since their foundation Nybro IF has participated mainly in the upper and middle divisions of the Swedish football league system. The club currently plays in Division 2 Östra Götaland which is the fourth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the Victoriavallen in Nybro.
Players who have turned out in the colours of Nybro IF include Joel Allansson (now IFK Gothenburg), Christoffer Andersson (Helsingborgs IF), Peter Abelsson (Trelleborg FF), David Elm (Fulham FC) and Viktor Elm (Heerenveen).
Nybro IF are affiliated to the Smålands Fotbollförbund.
2008 squad.
"As of 20 November 2008:"

</doc>
<doc id="20313665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313665" title="Gerardi">
Gerardi

Gerardi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20313676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313676" title="Jackie Norris">
Jackie Norris

Jackie Norris (born 1970) is the current Executive Director of the Points of Light Corporate Institute. She was born in Ossining, New York, and received her undergraduate education at SUNY College at Geneseo in 1992, her secondary teaching certification in 2001 from Iowa State University and a Masters in Political Science from Iowa State University in 2008.
As Executive Director of the Corporate Institute, she oversees corporate strategy development and employee engagement programs for several Fortune 500 companies. The Corporate Institute also includes the Center for Employee Volunteerism, the Corporate Service Council and the Corporate Volunteer Council Network. Norris is based in the Points of Light’s Washington, D.C. office. She also serves on the Leadership Council for the Impact Center and is a member of the U.S. Commission on Presidential Scholars. 
As the Executive Director she oversees leads the corporate strategy and employee engagement programs. She is based in the Washington, D.C. office and reports to the Civic Incubator. She also serves on the Leadership Council for the Impact Center and is a member of the U.S. Commission on Presidential Scholars.
Biography.
Norris began her career in the office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) in 1992. She later served as Vice President Al Gore’s scheduler and events planner and as Director of Scheduling and Advance for HUD Secretary Andrew Cuomo. In 1998, Norris served as finance director for Governor Tom Vilsack’s gubernatorial campaign in Iowa and as Iowa state political director on Al Gore’s 2000 Presidential campaign.
In 2002, Norris became a classroom teacher for history and government at three high schools in Perry, Ames and Johnston, Iowa, after receiving her secondary education teacher certification from Iowa State University. She is the 2005 award recipient of the James Madison Fellowship, which is awarded to individuals with a desire to become outstanding teachers of the American Constitution at the secondary level. Norris recently stepped down from her 2 year tenure as an adjunct professor at American University. 
During the 2008 presidential campaign, Norris was President Barack Obama's Iowa State Director after being his Iowa Senior Advisor during the caucus campaign. Norris served as First Lady Michelle Obama's White House Chief of Staff. In that role she helped to develop a strategic plan to address the issues the First Lady supports, including healthy eating, national service, military families, and women in the workplace. Norris later served as Senior Advisor to the CEO at the Corporation for National and Community Service, to advance the Administration’s work on national and community service and support the implementation of the Serve America Act 
Norris is married to John R. Norris, Commissioner at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and has three children – Hunter, 9; Cole, 9 and Sam, 6.

</doc>
<doc id="20313694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313694" title="Beatrice Weder di Mauro">
Beatrice Weder di Mauro

Beatrice Weder di Mauro (born August 3, 1965) is a Swiss economist. She was nominated to the UBS board of directors in February 2012. From June 2004 to 2012 she was a member of the German Council of Economic Experts. She was the first woman and the first non-German in the council but decided to vacate her seat to avoid any conflict of interest after the UBS nomination.
Weder di Mauro studied economics at the University of Basel, earning her Ph.D. in 1993. She then worked for the International Monetary Fund (1994–96) and the World Bank Group (1996–97). She tenured as visiting professor at University of Basel, and Harvard University, before getting a professorship at the University of Mainz in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20313699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313699" title="Biscuiterie">
Biscuiterie

Biscuiterie is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal, part of the arrondissment of Grand Dakar. It is located in the centre-southern area of the city. As of 2007, it had a population of 56,932.
La Biscuiterie owes its name to the eponymous "Biscuiterie" (also known as "Biscuiterie de Medina", "Biscuit factory of Medina"), a former biscuit factory that has been restructured into an exhibition venue. Among other art, craft, and urban culture exhibitions and events, la Biscuiterie has hosted the 2010 edition of the World Festival of Black Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="20313705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313705" title="Vertical Politics Institute">
Vertical Politics Institute

The Vertical Politics Institute (VPI) is a conservative Political Action Committee in the United States. Their mission statement reads as such:
The creator and current chairman of VPI is former Arkansas governor and 2008 Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee.
Issues.
On contemporary issues VPI endorses renewable energy resources as well as continued drilling and excavation of fossil fuels. VPI has endorsed and supported California Proposition 8 which eliminated Californians' right to same-sex marriage. Their economic platform is opposed to the 2008 Wall Street bailout plan, but rather favors a free-market approach and largely blames former U.S. presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton for the mortgage meltdown and subsequent global financial crisis.

</doc>
<doc id="20313721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313721" title="Katherine Medina">
Katherine Medina

Katherine Medina is a beauty queen who represented Colombia in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She studied Public Accounting in school.

</doc>
<doc id="20313738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313738" title="Tim Freeman">
Tim Freeman

Tim J. Freeman (born 1965) is a small business owner and Republican politician from the U.S. state of Oregon. In 2008, he was elected to the Oregon House of Representatives representing District 2, which encompasses portions of Douglas, Jackson, and Josephine counties, including the cities of Canyonville, Glendale, Myrtle Creek, Riddle, and Roseburg.
Early life and career.
Freeman was born in Santa Monica, California and was raised in Oakland, Oregon. He graduated from Oakland High School in 1983 and attended the Oregon Institute of Technology, where he studied computer systems engineering technology. He worked as a field mechanic for a logging company and in 1991, he became the owner of the Garden Valley Shell service station in Roseburg. In 2007, Freeman graduated from the Douglas County Citizen Law Enforcement Academy.
Political career.
Freeman has served on the Roseburg City Council since 2003, and served as council president for three years. From 2006 to 2007, he was the chair of the General Government Committee for the League of Oregon Cities. In 2008, he ran for the seat in the Oregon House of Representatives vacated by Susan Morgan, who did not seek re-election. Freeman defeated Roseburg businessman Jim Fox in the Republican primary, and then defeated Democrat Harry McDermott in the general election.
Personal.
Freeman and his wife Angelia live in Roseburg and have two children. His mother, Carol, is the guidance counselor at Oakland High School in Oakland, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="20313743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313743" title="Bob Babcock (baseball)">
Bob Babcock (baseball)

Robert Ernest Babcock (born August 25, 1949) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for three seasons. He was originally signed by the Pittsburgh Pirates in , and played for the Texas Rangers from to . 

</doc>
<doc id="20313775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313775" title="Brian Hamilton (footballer)">
Brian Hamilton (footballer)

Brian Hamilton (born 5 August 1967) is a retired Scottish footballer, who played for both Hibernian and Heart of Midlothian as a midfielder. He was part of the Hibernian side that won the 1991 Scottish League Cup Final, and part of the St. Mirren side that won the 1987 Scottish Cup Final.

</doc>
<doc id="20313780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313780" title="Cambérène">
Cambérène

Cambérène is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal. As of 2007 it had a population of 41,512.

</doc>
<doc id="20313785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313785" title="Natalya Negoda">
Natalya Negoda

Natalya Negoda (born 12 November 1963) is a Soviet and Russian actress probably best known for her portrayal of Vera in the film "Malenkaya Vera" ("Маленькая Вера") – the first ever Soviet film to include a sex scene. She later appeared in "Playboy" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20313795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313795" title="Cesar Ramos">
Cesar Ramos

Cesar Ramos may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20313807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313807" title="Dieuppeul-Derklé">
Dieuppeul-Derklé

Dieuppeul-Derklé is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal. As of 2007 it had a population of 39,871.

</doc>
<doc id="20313824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313824" title="Macroom GAA">
Macroom GAA

Macroom GAA is a Gaelic football and hurling club based in the town and surrounding parish of Macroom in Cork, Ireland. The club is affiliated with Cork GAA county board and the Muskerry GAA divisional board. The club has been one of the most successful Gaelic football clubs in Cork having won the Cork Senior Football Championship ten times and having contributed numerous players to Cork GAA football teams. :)

</doc>
<doc id="20313826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313826" title="Christelle Ndila">
Christelle Ndila

Christelle Ndila is a beauty queen who represented the Democratic Republic of the Congo in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She completed a diploma in tailoring, intending to be a fashion designer.

</doc>
<doc id="20313828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313828" title="Fann-Point E-Amitié">
Fann-Point E-Amitié

Fann-Point E-Amitié is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal. As of 2007 it had a population of 19,983.

</doc>
<doc id="20313847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313847" title="Gueule Tapée-Fass-Colobane">
Gueule Tapée-Fass-Colobane

Gueule Tapée-Fass-Colobane is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal. As of 2007 it had a population of 61,378.

</doc>
<doc id="20313861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313861" title="Grand Yoff">
Grand Yoff

Grand Yoff is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal. As of 2007 it had a population of 144,859.

</doc>
<doc id="20313871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313871" title="Grand Dakar">
Grand Dakar

Grand Dakar is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal.

</doc>
<doc id="20313880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313880" title="Carolina Biological Supply Company">
Carolina Biological Supply Company

Carolina Biological Supply Company is a supplier of science and math education materials to teachers, college professors, home-school educators, and professionals in health and science-related fields in the United States.
History.
Carolina began in 1927 as the vision of Dr. Thomas E. Powell Jr., a young geology and biology professor at Elon College (now Elon University). During the 1920s, science teachers had to collect most of the materials they used in their classes and laboratories, which took considerable time away from their primary responsibilities. Like other teachers, Dr. Powell was spending much of his own time in the field gathering specimens for his classes. Because he usually got more than he needed, he sold the surplus to his colleagues. Dr. Powell foresaw that the coming years would bring a growing need for his collecting abilities, and so Carolina Biological Supply Company was on its way. Dr. Powell’s vision of a company that would supply science materials to educational institutions around the world soon turned into reality.
Products.
Carolina staff work in partnership with educators and scientists to provide everything needed for science and also math education. The company sells thousands of items—from simple one-celled organisms to complex equipment—in an 1,100-page catalog. Carolina publishes its complete catalog online, and its Web site even provides free classroom activities and other resources for educators. The company’s main facility is in Burlington, NC.
External links.
Carolina Biological Supply Company - Official Site
Carolina Curriculum
Carolina Science Online

</doc>
<doc id="20313883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313883" title="Hann Bel-Air">
Hann Bel-Air

Hann Bel-Air is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal. 
Neighbourhoods.
The Arrondissement comprises both the neighbourhoods of Bel-Air and Hann. Bel-Air, to the south, is the rocky plateau which juts east into the bay away from the city centre. It lays directly north of the Port of Dakar. Hann, a crescent of low beach as Cap Vert turns to the east, was a fishing village that has become a major industrial site. It also includes Hann Park and Zoological gardens. 
Situation.
To the south is the Dakar city Centre, Plateau, and the Port of Dakar. To the west is the HLM and Grand Yoff neighbourhoods. To the north is Patte d'Oie and to the northeast, Niayes. As of 2007 the arrondissement had a population of 40,246.

</doc>
<doc id="20313893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313893" title="Maurice Debesse">
Maurice Debesse

Maurice Debesse (1903–1998) was a French educator.

</doc>
<doc id="20313895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313895" title="Michael Weir">
Michael Weir

Michael Weir may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20313910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313910" title="HLM (Dakar)">
HLM (Dakar)

HLM is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal. As of 2007 it had a population of 46,722.

</doc>
<doc id="20313922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313922" title="Dick Darby">
Dick Darby

The Rt Rev Harold Richard "Dick" Darby was the Suffragan Bishop of Sherwood from 1975 until 1989.
He was born on 28 February 1919 and educated at Durham University. He was ordained in 1951 and began his ecclesiastical career with curacies in Leyton and Harlow. Following these he was Vicar of Shrub End Colchester and then Waltham Abbey before being appointed Rural Dean of Battle in 1970, a post he held until his ascension to the Episcopate five years later. An honorary doctor of Nottingham University, he retired in 1989 and died on Boxing Day 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20313929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313929" title="Médina, Dakar">
Médina, Dakar

Médina is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal, part of the Dakar-Plateau arrondissement, located in the southern part of Dakar. 
Médina is one of the most ancient and most populous areas of Dakar, and one that has kept its original African character, as opposed to the modern districts of the Plateau. As such, it is also a cultural centre of the city. A number of notable Senegalese people, including the world-famous singer Youssou N'Dour and Omar Pene (another influential singer and musician) were born in Médina. 
Médina also houses some of the prominent landmarks of Dakar, including the Grand Mosque and the Soumbédioune market, one of the major street markets of Dakar, which is also a prominent tourist attraction.
History.
The commune of Médina was established by the French colonial authorities in 1914. The explicit intent of the establishment of Médina was that of creating a "native quarter" for the African population, clearly separated from the urban areas inhabited by the Europeans, especially for health-related reasons. 

</doc>
<doc id="20313947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313947" title="Mermoz-Sacré-Cœur">
Mermoz-Sacré-Cœur

Mermoz-Sacré-Cœur is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal. As of 2007 it had a population of 26,557.

</doc>
<doc id="20313955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313955" title="6 Derrty Hits">
6 Derrty Hits

6 Derrty Hits is an EP by rapper Nelly. It includes songs off of "Country Grammar", "Nellyville", and "Brass Knuckles".

</doc>
<doc id="20313963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313963" title="Ngor, Dakar">
Ngor, Dakar

Ngor is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal. As of 2007 it had a population of 11,600.

</doc>
<doc id="20313983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313983" title="Bogoliubov causality condition">
Bogoliubov causality condition

Bogoliubov causality condition is a causality condition for scattering matrix ("S"-matrix) in axiomatic quantum field theory. The condition was introduced in axiomatic quantum field theory by Nikolay Bogolyubov in 1955.
Formulation.
In axiomatic quantum theory, "S"-matrix is considered as a functional of a function formula_1 defined on the Minkowski space formula_2. This function characterizes the intensity of the interaction in different space-time regions: the value formula_3 at a point formula_4 corresponds to the absence of interaction in formula_4, formula_6 corresponds to the most intense interaction, and values between 0 and 1 correspond to incomplete interaction at formula_4. For two points formula_8, the notation formula_9 means that formula_4 causally precedes formula_11.
Let formula_12 be scattering matrix as a functional of formula_13. The Bogoliubov causality condition in terms of variational derivatives has the form:

</doc>
<doc id="20313998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20313998" title="Amalia Matamoros">
Amalia Matamoros

María Amalia Matamoros Solís is a Costa Rican beauty queen who won the Miss World Costa Rica 2008 pageant and went on to represent her country in Miss World 2008 in Johannesburg, South Africa, on December 13, 2008. She was not among the fifteen semi-finalists.
She has also competed Miss Latin America 2008, where she was a top twelve finalist, and Miss Continente Americano 2009. On October 29, 2009, she represented Costa Rica in Reina Hispanoamericana 2009 in Santa Cruz, Bolivia, winning the Miss Photogenic title.

</doc>
<doc id="20314010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314010" title="Ouakam">
Ouakam

Ouakam is a commune d'arrondissement in the city of Dakar, Senegal. The commune is the birthplace of French politicians Ségolène Royal and Rama Yade and Senegalese writer and politician Birago Diop.
Description.
Ouakam is an ancient village that has been absorbed as a residential suburb of Dakar. It is situated on the Atlantic coast at the foot of a range of hills, the Deux Mamelles, Ouakam has two beaches, one of which is popular among surfers.
According to the 2002 census, the commune of Ouakam comprised 43,188 people. At the end of 2007, according to official estimates, the population had grown to 48,595 inhabitants.
The Mosque of the Divine was built by Mohamed Gorgui Seyni Guèye (1926–2007), a holy man who claimed to see the mosque in a dream. He followed the dream to the beach on June 28, 1973, where he received an order from the Lord to build it. The African Renaissance Monument was constructed on one of the Deux Mamelles hills in Ouakam and was unveiled on April 4, 2010.
Economy.
The village of Ouakam is home to the Lebou people, many of whom are fishermen. In the colonial era, Senegalese riflemen were garrisoned at Ouakam, while today the community is home to several military encampments such as the National Military Academy, a French Army air base, and a Senegalese Air Force base. Ouakam is also a tourist center, especially with the construction of the new Monument to the African Renaissance.

</doc>
<doc id="20314039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314039" title="1979–80 KNVB Cup">
1979–80 KNVB Cup

The 62nd edition of the KNVB Cup started on September 1, 1979. The final was played on May 17, 1980: Feyenoord beat Ajax 3–1 and won the cup for the fifth time. During the quarter and semi-finals, two-legged matches were held.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on September 1 and September 2, 1979.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on October 13 and 14, 1979. The Eredivisie clubs entered the tournament here.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played between February 13 and 17, 1980.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played on February 27 and March 12, 1980.
Semi-finals.
The semi-finals were played on April 16 and 30, 1980.
Final.
Feyenoord would participate in the Cup Winners' Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20314041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314041" title="Parcelles Assainies">
Parcelles Assainies

Parcelles Assainies is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal. As of 2007 it had a population of 143,967.

</doc>
<doc id="20314049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314049" title="Worm Runner's Digest">
Worm Runner's Digest

The "Worm Runner's Digest" ("W.R.D.") was created in 1959 by biologist James V. McConnell after his experiments with memory transfer in planarian worms generated a torrent of mail enquiries. The "W.R.D." published both satirical articles, such as "A Stress Analysis of a Strapless Evening Gown", and scientific papers, the most famous of which, "Memory transfer through cannibalism in planaria", was a result of McConnell's RNA memory transfer experiments with planarian worms and was later published in the "Journal of Neuropsychiatry".
The title for the W.R.D., McConnell explained, was an extension of the psychological jargon that terms psychologists who work with rats "rat runners" and those who work with insects "bug runners."
After complaints that the satirical articles and the scientific publications were not distinguishable, the satirical articles were printed upside down in the back half of the "W.R.D." along with a topsy turvy back cover. In 1966, the title was changed to the "Journal of Biological Psychology" in an effort to make the publication more accessible to the scientific community.
Articles from the "Worm Runner's Digest" have been compiled and printed in a number of anthologies, including "Science, Sex, and Sacred Cows" and "The Worm Re-Turns".

</doc>
<doc id="20314054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314054" title="Patte d'Oie (Dakar)">
Patte d'Oie (Dakar)

Patte d'Oie is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal.

</doc>
<doc id="20314067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314067" title="Sicap-Liberté">
Sicap-Liberté

Sicap-Liberté is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal. As of 2007 it had a population of 47,134.

</doc>
<doc id="20314070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314070" title="Josipa Kusić">
Josipa Kusić

Josipa Kusić is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Croatia in Miss World 2008 in South Africa, where she placed among the top 15 semi-finalists.

</doc>
<doc id="20314118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314118" title="Tapirira guianensis">
Tapirira guianensis

Tapirira guianensis is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family. It is native to Cerrado vegetation in Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="20314137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314137" title="Beta Mensae">
Beta Mensae

Beta Mensae (Beta Men, β Mensae, β Men) is the third brightest star in the constellation of Mensa. It is a G-type giant with an apparent visual magnitude of approximately 5.302.

</doc>
<doc id="20314142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314142" title="Frøbjerg Bavnehøj">
Frøbjerg Bavnehøj

Frøbjerg Bavnehøj is above sealevel and is the highest natural point on the island of Funen.

</doc>
<doc id="20314217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314217" title="Norayla Francisco">
Norayla Francisco

Norayla María Francisco is an accountant and beauty pageant titleholder who represented Curaçao in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She won the right to represent the Caribbean island after winning Miss World Curaçao in March 2008. On December 3, 2008, Francisco placed among the top ten finalists at the Miss World 2008 Top Model competition held in Soweto, South Africa.
She also represented Curaçao in Top Model of The World 2010, where she was placed in the Top 15, getting the 7th place.
Celebrating the 10th edition of the Miss Earth beauty pageant, that was held at Vinpearl Land, Nha Trang, Vietnam on December 4, 2010, Norayla Francisco was selected by Reinilla Productions Developments (ReProD) to represent Curaçao. This time she didn't make a placement. 
Eighty-four contestants from various countries and territories competed for the Miss Earth 2010 title. At the conclusion of the competition, outgoing titleholder Miss Earth 2009, Larissa Ramos of Brazil crowned her successor Nicole Faria of India. The event was broadcast live by STAR World, VTV, ABS CBN, The Filipino Channel, and other partner networks.

</doc>
<doc id="20314232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314232" title="Rusty Saunders">
Rusty Saunders

Russell Collier "Rusty" Saunders (March 12, 1906 to November 24, 1967), was an American Major League Baseball outfielder who played in with the Philadelphia Athletics. He batted and threw right-handed. Saunders had a .133 batting average in five games, two hits in 15 at-bats, in his one year career. He was born and died in Trenton, New Jersey.
Saunders, at 6'2" (1.88 m) and 205 lb (93 kg), also played professional basketball. He was a member of the American Basketball League's 1925-26 Brooklyn Arcadians. He also played one game for the 1941-42 Trenton Tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="20314243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314243" title="Abkhazian New Union Treaty referendum, 1991">
Abkhazian New Union Treaty referendum, 1991

On 17 March 1991 a referendum was organised in the Abkhazian ASSR, in which the population was asked to express its opinion over the New Union Treaty, through which the Soviet Union would have been reorganised into a less centralised state. The referendum was largely boycotted by the Georgian section of society, thereby following the example of the rest of the Georgian SSR where no referendum was organised. Vice versa, the non-Georgian population stayed home when about a month later a referendum was held concerning Georgian independence.
Results.
166,544 people cast a vote, of which 98.61% were in favour of the new union treaty, as against 0.94% opposed, with 0.45% of the votes invalid. The 166,544 voters represented a turnout of 52.32% out of 318,317 officially registered voters.
Consequences.
The Union Treaty was approved in the republics where referendums were held, but its coming into effect was prevented by the August 1991 coup attempt and the subsequent dissolution of the Soviet Union on 26 December.
The fact that voters in Abkhazia approved the new union treaty while the Georgian SSR declared its independence on 9 April has been advanced by Abkhazia as an argument that Georgia became de jure independent from the Soviet Union without Abkhazia, which was then free to choose its own future. The argument is based on Soviet law which stated that if a union republic like Georgia should choose to secede, that its autonomous parts like Abkhazia then have the right to decide for themselves their political future. Georgian arguments against this line of reasoning include the claim that the relevant law was illegal as it infringed on the sovereign rights of the Georgian SSR, or that Georgian secession was not based on this law - which stipulated a lengthy exit procedure - but rather on the Georgian SSR's fundamental sovereignty.

</doc>
<doc id="20314244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314244" title="Anita L. Allen">
Anita L. Allen

Anita LaFrance Allen-Castellito (born March 24, 1953) is the Henry R. Silverman Professor of Law and professor of philosophy at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. She is also a senior fellow in the bioethics department of the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, a collaborating faculty member in African studies, and an affiliated faculty member in the women’s studies program. In 2010 President Barack Obama named Allen to the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues. She is a Hastings Center Fellow.
Biography.
Anita L. Allen, also known as Anita Lafrance Allen-Castellitto, was born in Fort Worden (Port Townsend, Washington) in 1953. Her parents, Carrye Mae Allen (née Cloud) and Grover Cleveland Allen were both natives of Atlanta, Georgia. Allen's father made a career in the United States Army, serving in both the Korean War and the Vietnam War. Her father was a member of "Operation Kapers," a squad of enlisted men who entertained combat soldiers in Korea with song, dance and comedy. Allen spent her childhood living on military bases, including Fort Benning, Georgia and Schofield Barracks, Hawaii.
Allen was one of six children. Her brother, Michael Patrick Allen, began working as an environmental lawyer for Microsoft in 2008. Other siblings are Cynthia Ann Allen Jackson and Monica Lynne Allen Newell, both of whom have worked for the federal government, Newell for the Centers for Disease Control. Their brother Grover Cleveland Allen, Jr, is a professional engineer employed by the GE corporation; and Andre Ramon Allen made a career as a Master Sergeant in the United States Air Force and later became a paralegal. 
Marriage and family.
In 1985, Allen married Paul Vincent Castellitto, a lawyer from New Rochelle, New York, who specialized in white collar criminal defense law. The pair adopted two children. 
An earlier marriage in 1982 to artist Michael Kelly Williams of Detroit, Michigan ended in divorce. Allen was the model for Williams' woodcut, "Afternoon of a Georgia Faun." An original version of the woodcut was printed at the acclaimed printmaking workshop of Robert Blackburn and now is held in the permanent print collection of the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C. 
In 2006, Allen became an elder of the Bryn Mawr Presbyterian Church.
Honors and awards.
Allen is one of several successful black professionals whose experiences and perspectives have been profiled in books including Laurel Holliday’s "Children of the Dream" (2000), Ellis Cose's "The Rage of a Privileged Class" (1994), George Yancy's "African American Philosophers: 17 Conversations" (1998,) and Elwood Watson: "Outsiders Within" (2008). She was featured in Carlin Romano's 2007 article, “A Challenge for Philosophy." Of her, he writes, "Penn’s Anita Allen is at the top of her field, but she has serious concerns about its lack of openness and diversity."
In 2010 President Barack Obama appointed Allen to the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues.
Education.
Allen graduated an honor student from Baker High School in Columbus, Georgia in 1970 in just three years. Allen holds a B.A. from New College of Florida, on whose board of trustees she later served. Allen has twice delivered the commencement address at New College. While enrolled at New College, Allen spent a year studying in Italy and Germany. Under the direction of Professor Bryan Norton, she completed an undergraduate thesis on the philosophy of logical positivist Rudolf Carnap. 
Allen received her M.A. and Ph.D. in philosophy from the University of Michigan. Allen received training in analytic philosophy at the University of Michigan, where she also studied modern dance, alongside classmate Madonna. 
Professor Richard Brandt, a noted proponent of moral utilitarianism, advised Allen's doctoral thesis, "Rights, Children and Education." Her dissertation examined Thomas Hobbes' and John Locke's theories of parental authority, and the moral ideal of a right to education. She argued for greater autonomy for children. Allen was one of the first African-American women to earn a PhD in Philosophy, along with Joyce Mitchell Cook, LaVerne Shelton, and Adrian Piper. She is the first African-American woman to hold both a J.D. and Ph.D. in philosophy. 
Allen received her J.D. from Harvard Law School. While attending Harvard, Allen served as a teaching fellow for professors Michael Sandel, Ronald Dworkin, Robert Nozick and Sissela Bok. She worked as a summer law Associate at the Gaston Snow Ely Bartlett law firm in Boston and at Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy in New York.
Professional career.
Prior to joining the Penn faculty, Allen was professor and associate dean for research and scholarship at Georgetown University Law Center from 1987 to 1998, and an assistant professor of philosophy at Carnegie-Mellon University from 1978 to 1981. She was the first African American woman to serve on the faculty of the University of Pittsburgh School of Law, 1985 to 1987. She has been a visiting faculty member at Waseda University Law School in Tokyo, Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, University of Washington, Hofstra Law School, University of Arizona College of Law, Princeton University, Yale Law School, Villanova University School of Law, and Harvard Law School.
Allen is an expert on privacy law and contemporary ethics. She is also recognized for scholarship about legal philosophy, women’s rights, and race relations.
She has received fellowships from Princeton’s Program in Law and Public Affairs, the American Council of Learned Societies, the American Association of University Women, and the Ford Foundation.
Allen is a member of the Pennsylvania and New York bars. She briefly practiced law with Cravath, Swaine & Moore in New York City in 1984 and 1985. 
Allen serves on the board of directors of several charities and professional associations, including the American Association for Practical and Professional Ethics, the Electronic Privacy Information Center, the Hastings Center, the Maternity Care Coalition, the National Association for Women Lawyer’s Judicial Evaluation Committee and the West Philadelphia Alliance for Children. She was a member of the National Advisory Committee for Human Genome Research. 
Allen has been invited to lecture at colleges and universities across the United States and in Canada, Europe, Australia, Japan and Taiwan. She has appeared on "The Ethical Edge", "20/20", "Nightline", "Good Morning America", "60 Minutes", "Face the Nation", "Talk of the Nation" and other television and radio programs. She has written for the popular press, including "O, the Oprah magazine"; the Daily Beast.com, and the "Newark Star Ledger".

</doc>
<doc id="20314282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314282" title="1930–31 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1930–31 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1930-31 campaign was a season that saw Town start a revival in form, which saw them finish in the top 5 thanks primarily to the emergence of 2 new striking talents, Joe Robson, who was bought from Grimsby Town following Alex Jackson's departure to Chelsea and Town's own young prodigy Dave Mangnall. The season is also noted for Town's biggest ever win in a league match, 10-1 over Blackpool in December.
Review.
The previous 2 seasons were only memorable for Town's 4th appearance in an FA Cup Final. Luckily, Clem Stephenson was on hand to turn the tide of failure back to success. There was a slight hiccup early on the season, when Alex Jackson left Leeds Road for Chelsea, just 4 games into the season. Interestingly, he had already scored 7 goals during the season including a hat-trick in his last match, a 6-0 win over Manchester United at Old Trafford.
Joe Robson was brought in from Grimsby Town and he started Town's push for Championship supremacy along with Town youngster Dave Mangnall, who between them scored 27 goals in the 35 league games that they started between them. Their form continued to improve during the season, which saw them finish in 5th place, but they were 18 points behind leaders Arsenal.

</doc>
<doc id="20314285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314285" title="Mari Vasileiou">
Mari Vasileiou

Mari Vasileiou is a beauty queen who represented Cyprus in Miss World 2008 in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20314297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314297" title="Dígale">
Dígale

"Dígale" is the first single from AK-7 second album Renaciendo. The song was originally by David Bisbal's from his album Corazón Latino.

</doc>
<doc id="20314332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314332" title="RPG-32">
RPG-32

The RPG-32 Hashim (РПГ-32 Хашим) is a Russian hand-held anti-tank grenade launcher developed under contract from Jordan by state-owned FGUP "Bazalt" weapons manufacturing company.
The name "Hashim" is that of the royal Jordanian Hashemite family. 
Description.
The RPG-32 multipurpose grenade launcher consists of a short, reusable launcher tube with grips, firing controls and sight mount, detachable collimating sight and disposable ammunition containers, which are pre-loaded at the factory and attached to the rear end of the launcher before firing.
It has inherited proven and successful solutions in design of the weapon and rockets from earlier Russian grenade launchers, and it can be used to engage and destroy battlefield targets from modern main battle tanks and armored personnel carriers to bunkers, military equipment and troops in defilade or in the open.
Usage.
It was developed between 2005 and 2007 by Russian state-owned FGUP 'Bazalt' organization on request and under contract from Jordan and Mexico. 
First RPG-32 'Hashim' grenade launchers were to be delivered to Jordan from Russia in 2008, and it was planned that the RPG-32 and its ammunition would be mass-produced in Jordan under license at the JRESCO factory. 
Russia supplied the Lebanese army with 1500 RPG-32 launchers every year defend against Al-Qaeda Linked militant group and Israel Defense Forces in confrontation.

</doc>
<doc id="20314342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314342" title="Mickey Weir">
Mickey Weir

Mickey Weir (born 16 January 1966) is a Scottish former association football player, who played mainly for Hibernian as a winger. He was part of the Hibernian side that won the 1991 Scottish League Cup.
Weir signed for Hibernian from Portobello Thistle as a teenager. His role as an apprentice involved football training, but also maintenance of Easter Road, such as sweeping and painting.
Weir remained at Hibs until 1987, when he signed for Luton Town. He returned to Easter Road after only a few months and just eight appearances for the Hatters. He played a key role in Hibs' 1991 League Cup win against Dunfermline, winning the penalty kick that opened the scoring in the Final. He left in 1996 for a brief spell on loan to Millwall, before ending his playing career at Motherwell, where he also coached. Weir also had a spell coaching Cowdenbeath, but he was forced to retire from the game due to injury.

</doc>
<doc id="20314351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314351" title="Doug Saunders (baseball)">
Doug Saunders (baseball)

Douglas Long "Doug" Saunders (born December 13, 1969 in Yorba Linda, California) is a former Major League Baseball player. Saunders played for the New York Mets in the 1993 season. In 28 games, Saunders had 14 hits in 67 at-bats, with a .209 batting average.
He batted and threw right-handed. Doug Saunders has 4 brothers,Barry, Dennis, Keith and Eric

</doc>
<doc id="20314388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314388" title="Kevin Kern (disambiguation)">
Kevin Kern (disambiguation)

Kevin Kern may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20314390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314390" title="Mollalar, Agdam">
Mollalar, Agdam

Mollalar, Agdam may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20314403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314403" title="Zuzana Jandová">
Zuzana Jandová

Zuzana Jandová (born 18 August 1987) is a beauty pageant contestant who won Miss Czech Republic and represented her country in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She was born in Karviná, Czechoslovakia, completed her studies at Business School and works in Charity Endowment, Help and Support.

</doc>
<doc id="20314432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314432" title="Picciotto">
Picciotto

Italian term picciotto (, pl. picciotti) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20314437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314437" title="Bethany">
Bethany

Bethany, in the Bible, was the name of a village near Jerusalem—see Bethany (Biblical village)—mentioned in the New Testament as the home of the siblings Mary, Martha, and Lazarus, and, according to the Gospel of John, the site of a miracle in which Jesus raises Lazarus from the dead. This village is commonly identified with the present-day West Bank city of al-Eizariya, located about east of Jerusalem on the south-eastern slope of the Mount of Olives. During the Crusades, al-Eizariya was still referred to as Bethany by Christians.
The Raising of Lazarus episode, shortly before Jesus enters Jerusalem for the last time, takes place in Bethany. Bethany near the River Jordan in John 1:28 might refer to a town further north in Perea, i.e. Bethabara; or it might refer to the more northerly territory of Batanaea.
In the winter, temperatures in Bethany can drop below zero, but summer sees temperatures as high as 35 degrees Celsius (95 degrees Fahrenheit). Many places are named for the biblical village of Bethany. Bethany is also used as a female given name. It is of Aramaic origin, and means "place of resurrection".

</doc>
<doc id="20314443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314443" title="Mollalar (40° 05' N 46° 50' E), Agdam">
Mollalar (40° 05' N 46° 50' E), Agdam

Mollalar is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20314450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314450" title="Dain Bramage">
Dain Bramage

Dain Bramage was a short-lived punk rock band from Washington, D.C. The group was one of former Nirvana drummer and current Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl's pre-Nirvana bands - before he made himself known in the band Scream.
History.
Dain Bramage was formed in December 1985 out of the remains of the band Mission Impossible. In 1984 David Smith was playing drums in a band called Freak Baby when the band decided to add a second guitarist - Dave Grohl, who had recently met Freak Baby bassist Brian Samuels at a local gig. Freak Baby had rehearsed with Grohl prior to this. They went into the original Laundry Room Studio and recorded a demo with David Smith on drums, Dave Grohl on guitar, Bryant Mason on guitar, Brian Samuels on bass and Chris Page as vocals.
This lineup lasted 6 months. One time during rehearsal Grohl began to play the drums. With his head down he did not hear or see his bandmates telling him to get off the stool. Samuels then proceeded to force Grohl off the stool by pulling his hair and throwing him on the ground. This caused the other members to kick Samuels out of the band, he had also previously been trying to prove his dominance in the band. They shuffled the lineup to Smith on the bass, and Grohl playing the drums. The four guys were happy with the way things went and reformed as the four piece known as Mission Impossible. The new lineup was a vast improvement, and they began playing more shows. Mission Impossible went into Laundry Room studios and re-recorded some of the Freak Baby songs and recorded some new tracks. Soon after they recorded this demo, they duetted with the fellow D.C.-located band, Lunch Meat. They ended up playing some shows together and remained in Washington D.C. Eventually they would go on to release a Lunch Meat/Mission Impossible 7" on Dischord Records.
Mission Impossible continued up until Bryant and Chris graduated from high school and continued education at college. At this point Reuben Radding entered the scene in the infamous first jam in Grohl's living room in Springfield, Virginia. After that first jam they had 6 or 7 songs together (Reuben had improvised vocals).
Dain Bramage ended in March 1987 when Grohl quit without any warning to join Scream. Reuben and Smith tried to form a new band but Reuben later commented, "After you've spent a couple years with Dave Grohl as your drummer it's easy to feel like no other drummer exists."

</doc>
<doc id="20314452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314452" title="Tapirira marchandii">
Tapirira marchandii

Tapirira marchandii is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family. It is native to Cerrado vegetation in Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="20314478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314478" title="Tapirira obtusa">
Tapirira obtusa

Tapirira obtusa is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family. It is native to Cerrado vegetation in Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="20314481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314481" title="Tony Middleton (singer)">
Tony Middleton (singer)

Tony Middleton was born June 26, 1934. Born and raised in Richmond, Virginia, he moved to New York with his mother in the mid-1950s. Although he participated in various sports through the years (including amateur boxing in his late 20s), he was always involved in music as well. In 1952 he became the lead singer of the 5 Willows (who would later be billed simply as the Willows); in 1956 they had a hit record, "Church Bells May Ring". He left the group for a solo career in 1957. After recording for several years without chart success, he moved to Paris in 1962, where he acquired a large following. Middleton returned to New York and recorded for several more labels over the next decade, including A&M, Columbia, Scepter, MGM and ABC/Paramount, for whom he cut the powerful "You Spoiled My Reputation" in 1965. He is featured singing lead on several records by Burt Bacharach, including "My Little Red Book" (1965) and " I Come To You" (1973, duet with Cissy Houston). He also sang on recordings by other artists including Smokey Robinson, Della Reese and Nell Carter. Later he returned to the Willows and toured with them for a decade on the oldies circuit. Although Tony Middleton did not have major solo success, he has been cited as an influence on many younger vocalists.

</doc>
<doc id="20314490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314490" title="Gamma Microscopii">
Gamma Microscopii

Gamma Microscopii (γ Microscopii, γ Mic) is the brightest star in the faint southern constellation of Microscopium. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 4.68, which is too dim to be viewed from city skies. The distance to this star has been determined using parallax measurements made during the Hipparcos mission, which place it around away with a 2% margin of error.
Based upon a stellar classification of G6 III, this is a G-type giant star. It is a core helium fusing star that is classified as a member of the red clump evolutionary branch, although the metallicity of this star—meaning the abundance of elements other than hydrogen and helium—is anomalously low for a member of this group. The effective temperature of the star's outer envelope is 5,050 K, giving it the yellow-hued glow typical of G-type stars.
In the galactic coordinate system, this star has space velocity components of V, W = [+13.75, +3.47, . The peculiar velocity of this star, relative to its neighbors, is . It has been listed as likely member of the Ursa Major Moving Group of stars that share a similar location and a common trajectory through space. Backwards extrapolation of the motion of γ Microscopii has shown that approximately 3.8 million years ago, it was only around 6 light-years from the Sun. It would then have had an apparent magnitude of −3 and have been brighter than Sirius is now.
Gamma Microscopii has a visual companion, CCDM J21013-3215B at an angular separation of 26 arcseconds along a position angle of 94°, with an apparent visual magnitude of approximately 13.7. Most likely this star is not gravitationally bound to γ Microscopii, but is merely a line of sight companion.
Gamma Microscopii was a later designation of 1 Piscis Austrini. 

</doc>
<doc id="20314501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314501" title="Rachel">
Rachel

Rachel ( ISO 259-3 "Raḥel" ; meaning "ewe") as described in the Bible, is the favorite wife of Jacob, one of the three Biblical Patriarchs, and mother of Joseph and Benjamin. She was the daughter of Laban and the younger sister of Leah, Jacob's first wife. Jacob was her first cousin, and she was the youngest niece of Rebekah.
Marriage to Jacob.
Rachel is first mentioned in the Bible in Genesis 29 when Jacob happens upon her as she is about to water her father's flock. She was the second daughter of Laban, Rebekah’s brother. Jacob had traveled a great distance to find Laban. Rebekah had sent him there to be safe from his furious twin brother, Esau.
During Jacob's stay, he fell in love with Rachel and agreed to work seven years for Laban in return for her hand in marriage. On the night of the wedding, the bride was veiled and Jacob did not notice that Leah, Rachel's older sister, had been substituted for Rachel. Whereas "Rachel was lovely in form and beautiful," "Leah had tender eyes". Later Jacob confronted Laban, who excused his own deception by insisting that the older sister should marry first. He assured Jacob that after his wedding week was finished, he could take Rachel as a wife as well, and work another seven years as payment for her.
After Leah had given birth to four sons, Rachel remained unable to conceive. She became jealous of Leah and gave Jacob her maidservant, Bilhah, to be a surrogate mother for her. Bilhah gave birth to two sons that Rachel named and raised (Dan and Naphtali). Leah responds by offering her handmaid Zilpah to Jacob, and names and raises the two sons (Gad and Asher) that Zilpah bears. According to some commentaries, Bilhah and Zilpah are actually half-sisters of Leah and Rachel.
After Leah conceived again, Rachel was finally blessed with a son, Joseph, who would become Jacob's favorite child.
Death and burial.
After Joseph's birth, Jacob decided to return to the land of Canaan with his family. Fearing that Laban would deter him, he fled with his two wives, Leah and Rachel, and twelve children without informing his father-in-law. Laban chased him and accused him of stealing his idols. Indeed, Rachel had taken her father's idols, hidden them inside her camel's seat cushion, and sat upon them. Not knowing that the idols were in his wife's possession, Jacob pronounced a curse on whoever had them: "With whoever you will find your gods, he will not live" (Genesis 31:32). Laban proceeded to search the tents of Jacob and his wives, but when he came to Rachel's tent, she told her father, "Let not my lord be angered that I cannot rise up before you, for the way of women is upon me" (Genesis 31:35). Laban left her alone, but the curse Jacob had pronounced came true shortly thereafter.
Near Ephrath, Rachel went into a difficult labor with her second son, Benjamin. The midwife tells her in the middle of the birth that her child is a boy. Before she died, Rachel named her son Ben Oni ("son of my mourning"), but Jacob called him Ben Yamin (Benjamin). Rashi explains that Ben Yamin either means "son of the right" (i.e., "south"), since Benjamin was the only one of Jacob's sons born in Canaan, which is to the south of Paddan Aram; or it could mean "son of my days," as Benjamin was born in Jacob's old age.
Rachel was buried by Jacob on the road to Efrat, just outside Bethlehem, or alternatively near Al-Ram. Today a site claimed to be Rachel's Tomb, located between Bethlehem and the Israeli settlement of Gilo, is visited by tens of thousands of visitors each year.
Rachel's children.
Rachel's son, Joseph, is destined to be the leader of Israel's tribes between exile and nationhood. This role is exemplified in the Biblical story of Joseph, who prepared the way in Egypt for his family's exile there, and in the future figure of "Mashiach ben Yosef" (Messiah, son of Joseph), who, in the Rabbinic Jewish view, will fight the apocalyptic Wars of Gog and Magog, preparing the way for the kingship of "Mashiach ben David" (Messiah, son of David) and the messianic age. Rachel also had a second son named Benjamin; she died during labor with him.

</doc>
<doc id="20314535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314535" title="Mike Saipe">
Mike Saipe

Michael Eric "Mike" Saipe (born September 10, 1973 in San Diego, California) is a former Major League Baseball player. Saipe played for the Colorado Rockies in the 1998 season. In two games, Saipe had a 0-1 record with a 10.80 ERA.
He batted and threw right-handed.
Saipe attended the University of San Diego, where he played college baseball for the Toreros from 1992-1994. He was drafted by the Rockies in the 12th round of the 1994 Major League Baseball Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20314551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314551" title="Mollalar (40° 15' N 47° 29' E), Barda">
Mollalar (40° 15' N 47° 29' E), Barda

Mollalar is a village in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20314607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314607" title="Mollalar (40° 27' N 47° 11' E), Barda">
Mollalar (40° 27' N 47° 11' E), Barda

Mollalar is a village in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20314625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314625" title="List of the butterflies of Saint Petersburg and Leningrad Oblast">
List of the butterflies of Saint Petersburg and Leningrad Oblast

This is a comprehensive list of the butterflies recorded in Saint Petersburg and Leningrad Oblast, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="20314636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314636" title="You Laughed and Laughed and Laughed">
You Laughed and Laughed and Laughed

"You Laughed and Laughed and Laughed" is a poem by Nigerian writer Gabriel Okara. One of the most popular in his oeuvre, it is a frequent feature of anthologies. "The piece belongs with the best of Senghor's nostalgic verse," wrote Michael Echeruo in a tribute to Okara on the occasion of his seventieth birthday, "with the militancy of many of David Diop's lyrics, and certainly with J. P. Clark's 'Ivbie', another of my favorite African poems. Okara's poem is more relaxed than these, however, more ironic, less tortured. In some ways, of course, it is less urgent, less strident, less involved. If Clark's 'Ivbie' was complex and for good reason, "You laughed, and laughed, and laughed" seemed also appropriately straightforward: proud without arrogance, hurting without showing it, and blunt without rudeness." The first of Okara's poems that it was Echeruo's pleasure to read, it was also in his opinion the most enduring.

</doc>
<doc id="20314645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314645" title="Tom Baker (professor)">
Tom Baker (professor)

Tom Baker (born 1959) is professor of law and a scholar of insurance law at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. 
Education.
Tom Baker holds both a BA (1982) and a JD (1986) from Harvard University.
Professional career.
Baker clerked for Judge Juan R. Torruella of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. He then practiced with the firm of Covington and Burling in Washington, DC. He served as an Associate Counsel for the Independent Counsel investigating the Iran-Contra affair. 
Before joining Penn Law in 2008, he was Connecticut Mutual Professor of Law and director of the Insurance Law Center at the University of Connecticut. 
His research explores insurance, risk, and responsibility in a wide variety of settings, using methods and perspectives drawn from economics, sociology, and history, as well as law.
He is co-founder of the Insurance and Society Study Group, an informal association of scholars from law, humanities and the social sciences who write about risk and insurance. Baker is regularly involved as a consultant in high-stakes insurance projects and litigation.

</doc>
<doc id="20314661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314661" title="Mollalar, Barda">
Mollalar, Barda

Mollalar, Barda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20314664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314664" title="California Building Industry Association">
California Building Industry Association

The California Building Industry Association (CBIA) is a state trade association in the United States. Headquartered in Sacramento, CA, the CBIA's mission is to advocate on behalf of the housing and the building industry.
The organization represents the interests of builders and developers of housing and commercial projects. The association supports state polices that eliminate or simplify building and environmental regulations in order to reduce construction costs.
Robert Rivinius is the current President and CEO of the organization.
History.
The CBIA was established in 1943 as a federation of local and regional associations representing builders at the state level and functioned solely as a lobbying organization. In 1952, the organization incorporated as the California Home Builders Council. In 1968, the organization changed its name to the California Builders Council. In 1977, the organization became a full-service state level association. In 1978, the organization changed its name to the California Building Industry Association. There are now 10 regional affiliates.
Since 1977, a political action committee (PAC) and two subsidiary organizations have been established. The Building Industry Institute was created in 1994 and is involved in researching strategies to benefit the building industry. The California Homebuilding Foundation is an educational foundation that promotes the continued education of individuals and organizations interested in the building industry. The CHF also funds research to benefit the building industry. In addition to lobbying, the CBIA has incorporated technical, membership, insurance, and educational departments.
The CBIA sponsors the Pacific Coast Builders Conference, a regional building conference and trade show which draws thousands of attendees and exhibitors each year.
Press.
In 2008, the CBIA ended a consulting agreement with Alan Nevin, a San Diego economist.
In 2010, the CBIA objected to a proposed Los Angeles law that would require new homes, larger developments, and some redevelopment projects to prevent stormwater runoff from reaching the ocean. According to the "Los Angeles Times", "The law was designed to mitigate the negative effects of urbanization by controlling runoff at its source with small, cost-effective natural systems instead of treatment facilities. Reducing runoff improves water quality and recharges groundwater...Under the ordinance, builders would be required to use rainwater storage tanks, permeable pavement, infiltration swales or curb bump-outs to manage the water where it falls. Builders unable to manage 100% of a project's runoff on site would be required to pay a penalty of $13 a gallon of runoff not handled there -- a requirement the Building Industry Assn. has been fighting."

</doc>
<doc id="20314678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314678" title="Elena Mărgărit">
Elena Mărgărit

Elena Mărgărit-Niculescu (-Dobrovolschi, -Fodor) (born October 25, 1936 in Timişoara, Romania) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast who represented Romania at the 1956 Olympic Games and at the 1960 Olympic Games. She is a double Olympic bronze medalist and a world bronze medalist with the team.

</doc>
<doc id="20314698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314698" title="Treasury Department Appropriations Act">
Treasury Department Appropriations Act

The Treasury Department Appropriations Act may refer to one of many Acts of Congress enacted to fund the United States Department of the Treasury.

</doc>
<doc id="20314702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314702" title="42nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
42nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 42nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between February 19, 1942 and September 12, 1945.
Division of seats.
There were 30 members of the General Assembly, elected in the 1941 Nova Scotia general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20314724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314724" title="Bishrampur">
Bishrampur

Bishrampur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20314727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314727" title="Gustave Schlumberger">
Gustave Schlumberger

Léon Gustave Schlumberger (17 October 1844 – 9 May 1929) was a French historian and numismatist who specialised in the era of the crusades and the Byzantine Empire. His "" (1878–82) is still considered the principal work on the coinage of the crusades.
He was born in Guebwiller, Alsace, then part of France but later annexed to Germany. From 1863 he studied medicine in Paris. During the Franco-Prussian War, he served on the French side as a medic. In 1871 he returned to Paris, and was awarded a doctorate in 1872 for a thesis on the respiratory tract. After this he travelled extensively in North Africa, Syria, Asia Minor, Spain, Portugal, Switzerland and Italy (visiting also Germany) and then turned to research into the history of the Crusader states and the Byzantine Empire. He was elected president of the Societé des Antiquaires de France. In 1884 he was elected a member of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres. In 1903 he was awarded the Medal of the Royal Numismatic Society.
He was a friend of Edith Wharton, who described him as looking like 'a descendent of one of the Gauls on the arch of Titus'. He also corresponded extensively with the Greek writer Penelope Delta, which correspondence influenced several of her historical novels set in Byzantine times. 
He was an ultra-conservative, an active supporter of the anti-Dreyfusard movement. With Edgar Degas, Jean-Louis Forain and Jules Lemaître, he stormed out of the salon of the hostess Genevieve Straus when her friend Joseph Reinach pointed out Dreyfus' innocence. In his memoirs, he wrote of his old friend Charles Haas (a model for Marcel Proust's character Swann): "The delightful Charles Haas, the most likeable and glittering socialite, the best of friends, had nothing Jewish about him except his origins and was not afflicted, as far as I know, with any of the faults of his race, which makes him an exception virtually unique." Following his failure to be elected a member of the Académie française in 1908, Proust, who disliked him, described him as a 'disabused pachyderm'. In his memoirs, Schlumberger, who received a passing mention in Proust's "À la recherche du temps perdu", described the novelist as 'bizarre' and described his books as 'admired by some, and quite incomprehensible to others, including myself'.
The Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres has created an award in his name, the Gustave Schlumberger Prize. Winners have included Joshua Prawer and Denys Pringle.

</doc>
<doc id="20314740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314740" title="Suzuki GS150R">
Suzuki GS150R

The Suzuki GS150R is a 150cc bike from Suzuki Motorcycle India. The bike was launched on November 2008. With the GS150R, Suzuki Motorcycle India has entered into the highly competitive 150 cc segment of the Indian two wheelers market. Suzuki Motorcycle India states that the bike falls "in between" the two classes of Indian 150 cc motorcycles, namely commuter class and premium class. The GS150R has a sixth gear for cruising on high-ways.
Awards.
Suzuki GS150R, has been conferred the ‘Motorcycle of the Year 2010 up to 160cc' award by NDTV Profit's Car Bike Awards 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20314750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314750" title="Mehdiabad, Azerbaijan">
Mehdiabad, Azerbaijan

Mehdiabad is a settlement and municipality in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 6,616. 

</doc>
<doc id="20314764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314764" title="Royal Picardy">
Royal Picardy

The Royal Picardy was a luxury hotel in Le Touquet-Paris-Plage which was built in 1929 on plans drawn by architects Louis Debrouwer and Pierre Drobecq and which was demolished at the end of the sixties. With its 500 bedrooms, it was at the time advertised as the largest and most luxurious hotel in the world.
Characteristics.
The Royal Picardy was a 9 floor building, 40 metres in height and had 500 rooms (all different, all with a bathroom), 50 apartments from 5 to 10 rooms among which a few with a swimming pool, 120 lounges. It was equipped with a 25 metre pool with sanitized and heated water, a fitness room, a hammam, a mini-golf, a squash ground, and phone in all rooms and lounges. Its garage could accommodate 100 cars. It was surrounded by a 6 ha park. The construction of this huge building started on November 20, 1928, was interrupted twice (due to bad weather and due to a strike of the construction workers), and the first rooms opened in the Summer of 1929 and the grand opening took place in April 1930.
Each of the large apartments has a master bedroom, a luxurious salon, a bathroom - pool, a kitchen for the meals in the bedroom itself, and room for the housemaid or butler.
The building was damaged by bombing during the war, the Royal Picardy was closed for good in 1951, the city of Le Touquet purchased it in 1967. It was demolished in 1968 and a hotel school was built on the same grounds which opened on October 1, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20314769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314769" title="Otina ovata">
Otina ovata

Otina ovata is a species of small, air-breathing sea snail or sea slug, a marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the superfamily Otinoidea.
"Otina ovata" is the only species in the genus Otina. "Otina" is the only genus in the family Otinidae.
This family was classified within the clade Eupulmonata, which was within the informal group Basommatophora, according to the Taxonomy of the Gastropoda (Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Various authors have referred some North American fossil shells to "Otinidae", but they did not give a genus or species for these records.
Distribution.
This species is not common.
It occurs on the coasts of the Northeastern Atlantic Ocean in Western and South-Western Europe:
The type locality is Devonshire, England.
Description.
The shell is very small. The shell has 1.5 whorls. The last whorl is inflated. The aperture is oval and very large, like in succineids, columellar and parietal sides of the margin thickened.
The width of the shell is 1.5-3 mm. The height of the shell is 2-5 mm.
The animal cannot withdraw entirely into the shell. "Otina ovata" has no tentacles.
Habitat.
This species breathes air and thus it is found intertidally on rocky shores in such places as caves and rocky overhangs.
"Otina ovata" lives in intertidal zone on rocks, algae and balanoids. It is often found in empty bivalve shells and moist rock crevices.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference 

</doc>
<doc id="20314775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314775" title="Pirəkəşkül-Qobustan">
Pirəkəşkül-Qobustan

Pirəkəşkül-Qobustan is a municipality in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,967. The municipality consists of the villages of Pirəkəşkül and Qobustan.

</doc>
<doc id="20314795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314795" title="Wuyi Shan">
Wuyi Shan

Wuyi Shan (also known as Bohea Hills in earlier Western documents) is a protected area in Fujian Province, China. It lies around on mountainous terrain near Wuyishan City. Its official zones of protection are "Wuyi Shan Nature Reserve" and "Wuyi Shan Scenic and Historical Interest Area".
Geology and relief.
Bedrock lithology at Wuyi Shan is dominated by tuff, rhyolite, and granite in the western part. Red sandstone is common farther east. The elevation ranges from 200 m (656 ft) to 2,158 m (7,080 ft). The terrain is rugged with cliffs and high peaks.
Climate and vegetation.
Lower elevations have a humid subtropical climate with mean annual temperature around 18°C (64°F) and mean annual precipitation of at least 220 cm (86.6 in). Cooler, wetter conditions prevail at higher altitudes and winters can be snowy on the highest peaks. Broadleaf evergreen forests dominate the lower elevations; their tree species yield to deciduous and needleleaf evergreen trees at higher elevations.
Fauna.
Animal life at Wuyi Shan is diverse, with many rare species. Tiger, leopard and clouded leopard are among the 71 species of mammal on record. There are at least 256 bird species, 73 reptile species, 35 amphibian species and 40 fish species. Insect species number not less than 4,635.
Culture.
Mountain call and Mountain open
Mountain call and Mountain open are ceremonies held in Wuyi imperial tea garden. County magistrate used to take the chair of the Mountain Call ceremony on Jingzhe Day(惊蛰). In the scheduled procedure, tea planters call out together “tea, tea, sprout”. By doing this, they pray god for the blessings of tea harvest.
Tea Picking Opera
Mt.Wuyi area is the birthplace of tea picking opera. Developed from local folk dances and songs, the opera is hilarious and describes people’s daily lives. The Tea Picking Opera has strong rural flavour and basics of Hakka culture in its performances. This has made it popular in the local areas.
Leap Year Meals
Leap year meals are called liu qing（六亲） meals. Every leap year and leap month, parents and brothers must invite their married daughters and sisters to come back and have meals. When parents are alive, parents make the invitation; otherwise brothers do it.

</doc>
<doc id="20314797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314797" title="Jivaroan peoples">
Jivaroan peoples

Jivaroan peoples refers to groups of indigenous peoples in the headwaters of the Marañon River and its tributaries, in northern Peru and eastern Ecuador. These groups identify speakers of distinct languages of the language family of the same name.
The Jivaro people are famous for their head-hunting raids and shrinking the heads from these raids. These head-hunting raids usually occur once a year in one particular Jivaro neighborhood. These raiding parties usually only attack one homestead per raid, killing the men, spearing the older women to death, and taking younger women as their brides. Once the heads have been collected they are shrunk by cutting the skull vertically and removing the skull and jaw bone. Then, the head is boiled and later mixed with hot gravel and sand, shrinking the head to the size of a large orange. The head is sewn along the lips, which are blackened with charcoal.
Jivaro religion usually involves a god and goddess. The Jivaro god, Tsungi, is the god of shamanism, and the Jivaro goddess, Nungui, refers to mother earth. Nungui is described as being a short and large woman, dressed in a black dress. According to Jivaro belief; if Nungui dances in a woman's garden, this will produce a productive garden during the harvest seasons.
Jivaro also engage in hunting activities. These activities usually involve both a man and his wife hunting with a blow gun and poisoned dart, dabbed with the poisonous plant curare, which stops the heart beat of the animal. Jivaro usually hunt for monkeys and birds, but they do not rely on hunting as their primary food source. Hunting is primarily a time for a man and woman to have sexual intercourse with one another.
Groups.
The principal groups are:
Some have also named the following:
Moreover, the Shiwiar are a group of Achuar speakers living along the Corrientes River, next to Quechua speakers; many Shiwiar also speak this other, unrelated, language.
Confounding factors.
Anthropologists have recognized these languages as distinct peoples, but have called attention to two confounding factors. The first has to do with nomenclature: Jivaroan language speakers typically identify themselves either by their language's word for person ("shuar") or by the name of the river on which they live. Consequently, historical sources record either one name for all, or a plethora names of many small Jivaroan tribes, each the name of a different river.
The second reason has to do with social organization. Prior to Ecuadorian or Peruvian colonization and Christian missionization in the 20th century, the principal unit of Jivaroan social organization was the polygynous matrilocal household or cluster of matrilocally-organized households. Notably, although Jivaroans shared the same language and culture, each household or cluster of matrilocally organized households were politically and economically autonomous. Thus, in 1938 Matthew Stirling commented that:
He also said that:
Prior to colonization and the presence of Christian missionaries, Jivaroan speakers were not organized into any stable and clearly bounded polities or ethnic groups.
In response to European colonization and missionization, Jivaroan speakers have formed nucleated settlements that are organized into political federations: the Federación Interprovincial de Centros Shuar and the Nacionalidad Achuar de Ecuador in Ecuador, and the Organización Central de Comunidades Aguarunas del Alto Marañon and the Consejo Aguaruna y Huambisa in Peru.
Etymology.
The word "Jivaro" is likely a corruption of the indigenous word, Shuar. During the Spanish colonial period, "Jivaros" were viewed as the antithesis of civilized. The word Jíbaro thus entered the Spanish language; in Ecuador it is highly pejorative and signifies "savage"; outside of Ecuador, especially in Mexico and Puerto Rico, it has come to mean "rustic."[http://www.wordreference.com/es/en/translation.asp?spen=J%C3%ADbaro][http://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/spanish-english/J%C3%ADbaro?showCookiePolicy=true]

</doc>
<doc id="20314803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314803" title="Patrician Secondary School">
Patrician Secondary School

The Patrician Secondary School in Newbridge, County Kildare was founded on 26 August 1958 by the Patrician Brothers in Charlotte House, Station Road. It is now situated on its own grounds, opposite St Conleth's Parish Church. It is an all-boys secondary school noted for its high standards of education; turning out a high number of successful students in the creative arts, sciences, and sports.
The school has recently built a new state of the art wing in the last ten years incorporating new science labs, a music room, library, arts studio and woodwork studio also. Competition to be accepted into the school is also notably high.
Another extension was built recently to add more classrooms to the school to cope with the high amount of applications for places in the school.
In 2011 work commenced on a new lunchroom with 3 new classrooms also being built in the same building. Work finished in the latter half of 2011 and the lunchroom has been a huge success among students. A local catering company have been employed by the school to serve hot food at lunch time which has further enhanced student life in the secondary school significantly.

</doc>
<doc id="20314805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314805" title="Qobustan, Absheron">
Qobustan, Absheron

Qobustan is a village in the municipality of Pirəkəşkül-Qobustan in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20314904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314904" title="Sebahat Tuncel">
Sebahat Tuncel

Sebahat Tuncel (born 5 July 1975) is a Kurdish politician, women’s rights advocate, former nurse and member of Parliament in Turkey. 
She was born in Yazıhan and studied Cartography and Land Surveying in Mersin University and began her political career through the Women’s Branch of the Party of People’s Democracy (HADEP) in 1998. She is currently Vice Co-chairperson and Istanbul Deputy of the Democratic Society Party (DTP), which she helped to found. She has also worked with international organizations including UNDP and Amnesty International. She went on trial for membership of PKK in 2006, accused of making frequent trips to PKK camps in northern Iraq, and was subsequently imprisoned. She ran for the parliamentary elections from prison and after winning a seat in Istanbul with 93,000 votes, was released from custody in July 2007. She is the youngest woman to serve in the Turkish parliament and the first person in Turkish history to be elected to parliament from prison.

</doc>
<doc id="20314941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314941" title="Thermaltake">
Thermaltake

Thermaltake Technology Co., Ltd () is a manufacturer of PC cases, power supplies and cooling solutions. Its main headquarters is located in Taipei, Taiwan. It has multiple manufacturing facilities in Mainland China, including a major plant at Dongguan.
Most of Thermaltake's production goes to be bought by customers with enough expertise to build their own PC systems. 
History.
Thermaltake was founded in Taiwan in 1999. Its American headquarters was established at the same time with offices in Southern California.
In 2000, Thermaltake manufactured the world's first turbine cooler 'Golden Orb' for Intel Pentium processors. 
The company expanded rapidly by establishing business relationships with more than 30 agents in Europe, and eventually built a production plant in Guangdon, China. 
By 2002, Thermaltake's headquarters in Taipei had successfully obtained ISO-9001. 
Thermaltake was keen to develop new products, and after years of research, it launched the world’s first liquid-cooler for CPUs in 2004.
Thermaltake completed its overseas branch investment and group restructuring in June 2006. 
Thermaltake was floated on the Taiwan Stock Exchange via an IPO the following year. 
Thermaltake's most famous product is the Level 10 chassis for which Thermaltake commissioned BMW Designworks to create a computer case unlike anything ever seen before.
In 2009, Thermaltake launched a new consumer/lifestyle brand called LUXA2. The full range includes HTPC products (Home Theatre Personal Computers) and Apple accessories among others.
Thermaltake has sponsored professional gamers for many years and, in 2010, it used that experience to launch a new brand called Tt eSports which targets the needs of hardcore enthusiasts. The product line-up includes keyboards, mice and headsets with more products planned.

</doc>
<doc id="20314948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20314948" title="Per-Ingvar Brånemark">
Per-Ingvar Brånemark

Per-Ingvar Brånemark (born May 3, 1929) is a Swedish orthopedic surgeon and research professor, touted as the "father of modern dental implantology." The Brånemark Osseointegration Center (BOC), named after its founder, was founded in 1989 in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Biography.
After studying at Lund University in Sweden, Brånemark became professor of Anatomy at Gothenburg University in 1969.
Brånemark has been awarded many prizes for his work, including the coveted Swedish Society of Medicine's Soederberg Prize in 1992—often referred to as the 'mini-Nobel'—and the Swedish Engineering Academy's equally prestigious medal for technical innovation.
Brånemark has also been honored with the Harvard School of Dental Medicine Medal for his work on dental implants in the United States and holds more than 30 honorary positions throughout Europe and North America, including the Honorary Fellowship of the Royal Society of Medicine in the UK. In 2003, he received an honorary doctorate from the European University of Madrid. He was the winner of the European Inventor Award 2011 in the category Lifetime achievement.
Dental implantology.
In 1978, the first Dental implant Consensus Conference was held, sponsored jointly by the National Institutes of Health and Harvard University. It was a landmark event, at which retrospective data on dental implants were collected and analyzed and criteria and standards for implant dentistry were established.
In 1982 in Toronto, Brånemark presented work that had begun 15 years earlier in Gothenburg. His discovery and application of osseointegration, or the biological fusion of bone to a foreign material, was unparalleled and such scientific documentation of implantology had never before been gathered. The Toronto conference brought widespread recognition to the Brånemark implant methods and materials and is one of the most significant scientific breakthroughs in dentistry since the late 1970s.
The Brånemark System of dental implants was bought out and is currently available from Nobel Biocare.
Discovery of osseointegration.
Brånemark's discovery of osseointegration revolutionized the realm of implant dentistry and brought it from being a shunned field into one that became recognized and incorporated into dental school curricula and training programs.
Prior to the discovery of osseointegration, dental implant technology consisted of blade and transosteal implants. Blade implants, introduced in 1967, consisted of a metal blade that was placed within a bony incision that subsequently healed over the horizontally situated piece of metal but allowed a vertical segment to perforate the healed surface. Transosteal implants, the application of which was strictly limited to the mandible, consisted of a number of screws which were inserted into the inferior aspect of the mandible, some of which extended through and through into the oral cavity.
Both of these implant types relied on mechanical retention, as it was heretofor unknown that metal could be fused into the bone. With the advent of osseointegration, however, rootform endosteal implants became the new standard in implant technology.
Brånemark's serendipitous discovery of osseointegration occurred in 1952 during vital microscopy studies in rabbits using titanium optic chambers. He and his team found that titanium oculars placed into the lower leg bones of rabbits could not be removed from the bones after a period of healing (see photo at right). He then developed and tested a type of dental implant utilizing pure titanium screws, which he termed "fixtures".
Although the field of implantology was eschewed by dental academia until that time, the "extensive and weighty documentation of implant efficacy and safety" and "early replication by reliable, independent researchers" resulted in the widespread embrace of implantology by the dental community.
Brånemark's son, Rickard, has taken this success and is developing orthopedic prostheses in the form of artificial arms and legs anchored to the human skeleton.

</doc>
<doc id="20315045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315045" title="Oregon State University Extended Campus">
Oregon State University Extended Campus

Oregon State University Extended Campus (often referred to as OSU Ecampus) is the unit of Oregon State University (OSU) that develops and delivers many of OSU’s academic resources, degrees, courses and programs through alternative and off-campus course delivery methods, most prominently through online and distance delivery.
History.
The roots of OSU Extended Campus trace back to 1932, when the General Extension Division, a centralized state system, was founded. Early program delivery focused on the Portland metropolitan area, with the establishment of a Portland Center in 1946. Pioneering programs included off-campus credit and non-credit seminars, like the Thundering Seas craft program on the Oregon Coast. 
In 1982, Liberal Studies courses were offered at Central Oregon Community College in Bend, Oregon, which paved the way for OSU’s first distance degree program in Liberal Studies. Early distance-delivered graduate degree programs included the development of the Ed.D. Education with an emphasis in Community College Leadership program in 1988. 
In 1998, the unit, then known as Distance and Continuing Education, shifted its focus to community college partnerships and 2+2 programs, enabling students to start their first two years at an Oregon community college and complete their last two years at a distance through OSU. Early distance technologies included one-on-one correspondence courses, interactive television courses and videotaped courses. 
In 2002, under the leadership of Dean Bill McCaughan, the unit was renamed OSU Extended Campus (Ecampus) and priority for course and program development shifted to online delivery. In 2003, OSU Summer Session administration, which had been housed within the continuing education unit at times in the past, joined the Extended Campus division. 
With the creation of University Outreach and Engagement in 2007, both OSU Extended Campus and OSU Extension were aligned in Oregon State University's new outreach unit under Vice Provost Scott Reed.
Academics.
OSU Extended Campus delivers all of OSU’s online and distance undergraduate and graduate degree programs, online graduate certificates and over 60 subjects of online courses. OSU also houses OSU Summer Session. Additionally, OSU Extended Campus offers noncredit courses and programs both online and from a distance.
Credit.
Online university courses 
Each year, OSU Ecampus offers over 700 courses online in over 60 subjects. During the 2007-08 academic year, OSU Extended Campus developed 77 new online courses.
Online and distance courses offered through Extended Campus are taught by OSU’s faculty and maintain requirements equal to OSU’s on-campus courses. Most Extended Campus online courses are delivered online through the Blackboard (Bb) Learning Portal System, which requires a user login and password to access the course.
Online degrees and programs
All of OSU Ecampus undergraduate and graduate degree programs are accredited by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities (NWCCU) and all credit-based online degree programs and courses appear the same as on-campus degrees and courses on a student’s OSU transcript. All Ecampus graduates receive the same OSU diplomas as campus-based students. All students, both Oregon resident and non-resident, pay the same tuition for Ecampus courses.
Undergraduate programs
Currently, OSU Ecampus offers nine undergraduate degrees that can be completed online:
Additionally, Ecampus offers 14 undergraduate minors online to supplement any of the online undergraduate degrees:
Graduate
Education
Through a partnership with OSU’s College of Education, OSU Extended Campus offers the following graduate degree programs through online and distance delivery:
Adult Education and Higher Education Leadership 
Both of these programs are referred to as “hybrid” programs, utilizing on-site weekend-long sessions as well as online course techniques.
Teacher and Counselor Education
Science and Mathematics Education 
OSU’s College of Science offers two graduate degrees online through OSU Ecampus:
Radiation Health Physics
The OSU Department of Nuclear Engineering and Radiation Health Physics through OSU Ecampus offer the following graduate degrees online:
GetEducated.com ranked OSU Ecampus' Radiation Health Physics programs among its Top 28 Ranked Best Buys under $21,000.
Natural Resources
OSU Extended Campus currently offers the following graduate degree online:
Graduate certificates
OSU Extended Campus offers the following graduate certificates online:
Other Ecampus highlights
Students who attend a community college who participate in the OSU Degree Partnership Program (DPP) can attend classes (including OSU Ecampus online courses) at both schools, combine credits for financial aid eligibility, and have the option of using campus facilities and services at both schools. OSU Ecampus also delivers chemistry course sequences online at the 100-, 300- and 400-levels. Currently, OSU Ecampus offers the only General Chemistry sequence with labs online. All the requirements for CH 121, 122 and 123 can now be completed online, including the lab work.
OSU Summer Session
OSU Extended Campus maintains and manages OSU Summer Session during the summer term every year. Summer Session offers courses both online and on-site between June and September. On-site courses are offered in various sessions from one-week sessions to 11-week sessions. All students pay Oregon resident in-state tuition prices during OSU Summer Session. During OSU Summer Session, students have the opportunity to participate in educational experiences that are offered during the summer months, including courses and programs at the Hatfield Marine Science Center on the coast in Newport, Oregon. During Summer Session 2009, there was a 5.8 percent enrollment increase from the previous year, and OSU Summer Session has seen a 28 percent total increase in enrollment from 2003 to 2009.
Noncredit.
The Workforce and Noncredit unit of OSU Extended Campus offers the following programs for professional development and personal enrichment:
People.
Students.
OSU Extended Campus serves students who include working professionals, stay-at-home parents, community college students, those who don’t live near a four-year university and individuals who want to take a college course. Ecampus has served students in all 50 states, Canada, and many foreign countries. Ecampus also serves many students in the military. Military personnel may qualify for up to 45 credit hours for military education and Ecampus also offers G.I. Bill and Tuition Assistance opportunities.
This past spring quarter, more than 4,000 students were enrolled in OSU Extended Campus (Ecampus) online courses, a 24 percent jump from spring quarter 2009.
Alumni.
In 2009-10, Ecampus graduated a record 210 students from their online and distance degree programs. There were 131 graduates in 2007-08, and 83 in 2007-06.
Faculty.
OSU Ecampus courses are taught by OSU faculty members. Over 700 faculty and instructors teach for Extended Campus throughout the year. OSU Ecampus instructors shared their best-practices and online course delivery methods with the OSU community at the first annual Ecampus Faculty Forum in May 2008. The Faculty Forum allowed those who develop and teach classes online to answer questions and share teaching techniques with OSU faculty, staff and instructors.
Awards and recognition.
In 2007 Oregon State University was accepted into the Natural Resources Distance Learning Consortium. Students from the consortium's other participating universities and federal agency members have access to OSU's online graduate natural resources courses.
OSU Extended Campus has also received awards from the University Continuing Education Association since 2002. Some of them include:
The OSU Ecampus Natural Resources online degree program won a national award for Excellence in Distance Education in 2003 and 2002 from ADEC, the American Distance Education Consortium [http://www.adec.edu/].

</doc>
<doc id="20315049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315049" title="Nancy Michael">
Nancy Michael

Nancy A. Michael is a former Democratic member of the Indiana House of Representatives, representing the 44th District from 2009-2010. She was formerly the Mayor of Greencastle, serving for 12 years from January 1996 through December 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20315054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315054" title="The Oscar Peterson Big 6 at Montreux">
The Oscar Peterson Big 6 at Montreux

The Oscar Peterson Big 6 at Montreux is a 1975 live album featuring a jam session led by Oscar Peterson. 
Personnel.
Recorded July 16, 1975 at the Montreux Jazz Festival, Montreux, Switzerland:

</doc>
<doc id="20315060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315060" title="Minnesota State Law Library">
Minnesota State Law Library

The Minnesota State Law Library is a law library operated by the judicial branch of the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is currently housed in the ground level of the Minnesota Judicial Center, which was built in 1915. An expansion of the building was completed in 1990. The Minnesota Judicial Center is adjacent to the State Capitol in St. Paul. 
As cited in the state constitution, the State Law Librarian is appointed by the Minnesota Supreme Court. In its long history, the library has benefitted from the contributions of 25 State Librarians/State Law Librarians, who have come from many walks of life. Doctors, journalists, teachers, legislators, mayors, and in recent years, attorneys have held the office. Some of the more colorful State Law Librarians have been Gen. Samuel P. Jennison, who later served in the Civil War. Louisa Goodwin, widowed by the Civil War, served as the first woman state librarian in the nation. Captain DeWitt and Melissa Smith, the first husband and wife to hold the same state office in Minnesota. William Henry Harrison Taylor was a grandson of William Henry Harrison, the 9th President of the United States. Margaret S. Andrews was the last person to be referred to as State Librarian and the first to be called State Law Librarian.

</doc>
<doc id="20315062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315062" title="Gustav Krukenberg">
Gustav Krukenberg

Gustav Krukenberg (8 March 1888 - 23 October 1980) was Brigadeführer of the "Charlemagne" Division of the Waffen-SS and further commander of its remains and the SS Division "Nordland" during the Battle of Berlin in April 1945.
Biography.
He was born in Bonn, the son of a professor at Bonn University and his mother was the daughter of the archeologist Alexander Conze. He gained a doctorate in law and joined the army in 1907. He married in 1912. During World War I, he served as an ordnance officer and adjutant and was promoted to "Hauptmann" in 1918. After the war he served in the Civil Service as the private secretary to the Foreign minister and was briefly a director in industry. He joined the Nazi Party in 1932 and he worked at the propaganda ministry after Adolf Hitler came to power and was a member of the "Allgemeine SS".
With the outbreak of World War II he re-joined the army as a major and served on the General Staff in Paris. In December 1943 he transferred from the "Wehrmacht Heer", in which he had reached the rank of "Oberstleutnant", to the "Waffen-SS" which he joined with the equivalent rank of "Obersturmbannführer". He was soon promoted to "Standartenführer" and then "Oberführer". A fluent French speaker, he commanded the French volunteers of the SS "Charlemagne" Division and following a summons on the night of 23/24 April 1945 to help with the defence of Berlin he breached several obstacles to lead the remnants of the division into the city at 2200 hrs on 24 April 1945.
On 25 April, Brigadeführer Krukenberg was appointed by General Helmuth Weidling as the commander of (Berlin) Defence Sector C, which included the "Nordland" Division, whose previous commander Joachim Ziegler was relieved of his command the same day. The arrival of the French SS men bolstered the "Nordland" Division whose "Norge" and "Danmark" regiments had been decimated in the fighting. 
By 26 April, with Neukölln heavily penetrated by Soviet combat groups, Krukenberg prepared fallback positions for Sector C defenders around Hermannplatz. He moved his headquarters into the opera house. Forced to fall back on 27 April, Krukenberg's "Nordland" headquarters was then a carriage in the "Stadtmitte U-Bahn" station in Defence sector Z (Central District).
The Frenchmen under Krukenberg proved particularly good at destroying tanks, of the 108 Soviet tanks destroyed in the centre district, they had accounted for half of them. On 29 April 1945 Krukenberg awarded one of the last Knight's Crosses of the war to "Unterscharführer" Eugène Vaulot. It is widely believed that On 1 May, Krukenberg attempted to stem the Soviet advance by ordering sappers to blow up the S-Bahn tunnel under the Landwehr canal causing 25 kilometres of S-Bahn and U-Bahn tunnels to flood, which led to many casualties. But in fact it is far more probable that the massive bombardment of the city by hundreds of tons of shells and rockets by the Soviets have caused the flooding of the tunnels. As the Germans made extensive use of the underground (U-Bahn) for redeployment of troops, makeshift-hospitals or just a place to take refuge from the constant shelling, it seems highly doubtful that Krukenberg ordered the destruction of the U-bahn tunnels.
After Hitler's death Krukenberg assembled most of his escort made up of French SS for the breakout. They joined up with Ziegler and a larger group of "Nordland" troops. They crossed the Spree just before dawn. Near the "Gesundbrunnen U-Bahn" station they came under heavy fire. "Brigadeführer" Joachim Ziegler was gravely wounded and died on 2 May. Later, Krukenberg made it to Dahlem where he hid out in an apartment for a week before surrendering to the Red Army.

</doc>
<doc id="20315070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315070" title="List of social enterprises">
List of social enterprises

This is an annotated list of social enterprises sufficiently notable to have a Wikipedia article, in alphabetical order. For quick navigation, click on one of the letters:
__NOTOC__
Social enterprises:

</doc>
<doc id="20315074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315074" title="Myles Mace">
Myles Mace

Myles La Grange Mace (10 October 1911 - 24 March 2000) was a long-time professor at the Harvard Business School. He was a pioneer in the study of entrepreneurship and corporate governance.
Early life.
Mace was born in Montevideo, Minnesota. He graduated from the University of Minnesota in 1934 and William Mitchell College of Law (then the St. Paul College of Law) in 1936. He was admitted to the Minnesota Bar, but decided to further his education at the Harvard Business School, where he received his M.B.A. in 1938. He took a job at HBS after graduation as a research associate before leaving for military service four years later. He left the U.S. Air Force in 1946 as a Lieutenant Colonel, having been awarded the Bronze Star with Oak Leaf Cluster.
Career at HBS.
Mace returned to HBS and created the first-ever course in entrepreneurship at Harvard. Titled The Management of New Enterprises, the course has remained, in various incarnations, a fixture of the HBS curriculum for decades and is regarded as the foundation of the School's extensive entrepreneurial management program.
Mace's longstanding interest in corporate governance began with the research he undertook for his Harvard doctoral dissertation, which was published as a book in 1948 under the title The Boards of Directors of Small Corporations. Following the publication of two additional books, Growth and Development of Executives and Management Problems of Corporate Acquisitions, Mace took a leave of absence from his teaching duties to undertake a project involving in-depth interviews with more than 100 chief executive officers and board members. The result was the 1971 publication of the influential book "Directors: Myth and Reality". 
Mace's research on boards of directors aroused significant interest and controversy in the business community by uncovering the fact that many boards were too symbolic mere rubber stamps for top management. Putting his research into practice, Mace served on the boards of Litton Industries; Interchemical Corp.; Jostens, Inc.; Hanes Corp.; Squibb BeechNut; Camp, Dresser & McKee; United Technologies; and Harte-Hanks Newspapers.
In 1955, Mace accepted an offer to join Charles B. (Tex) Thornton, who had just bought the Litton Co., a small electronics firm in California. Working with Thornton from 1955 to 1958 as vice president and general manager of the Electronics Equipment Division, Mace guided Litton's annual sales growth from $3 million to more than $80 million, as the company went on to become one of the most famous conglomerates in the history of American business.
Mace returned to HBS, where he remained until his retirement in 1972. During those years, he involved himself in a number of School activities, from teaching in a program for faculty members from foreign business schools to serving as the School's first associate dean for external affairs.
Retirement.
In retirement, Mace remained active despite becoming blind because of glaucoma. He acted as contributing editor of the Harvard Business Review from 1975 to 1978. He also continued to serve on several boards, wrote articles, and was consulted frequently by former students and colleagues. In 1984, Mace received HBS’s highest honor, the Distinguished Service Award. 
He died in Massachusetts in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20315078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315078" title="Sport Hornet LRS">
Sport Hornet LRS

The Sport Hornet LRS is a Light Sport Aircraft. One unique attribute that sets the Sport Hornet LRS apart from other LSA Aircraft is the air spring suspension system on the landing gear. This protects the aircraft from damage in the event of "miscalculated" landings and allows for a better experience for the pilot and passengers. 
The company and website appear to be defunct.

</doc>
<doc id="20315115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315115" title="Anderson's-Black Rock, Inc. v. Pavement Salvage Co.">
Anderson's-Black Rock, Inc. v. Pavement Salvage Co.

"Anderson's-Black Rock, Inc. v. Pavement Salvage Co.", , is a 1969 decision of the United States Supreme Court on the legal standard governing the obviousness of claimed inventions. It stands for the proposition that, when old elements are combined in a way such that they do not interact in a novel, unobvious way, then the resulting combination is obvious and therefore unpatentable.
The patent (U.S. Pat. No. 3,055,280) sought to solve a problem in paving asphalt roads—the joint between the new section and old, cold sections tends to bond poorly. Previously, one machine spread and shaped the new deposit of asphalt and a second machine contained a radiant-heat burner, which softened cold asphalt. The claimed invention combined on one machine chassis the spreading and shaping equipment along with a radiant-heat burner. “The combination of putting the burner together with the other elements in one machine, though perhaps a matter of great convenience, did not produce a ‘new or different function,’” Accordingly, the Court held the combination obvious.
Subsequent developments.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit for many years ignored and refused to cite or follow the "Black Rock" decision. But the recent Supreme Court decision in "KSR v. Teflex", which cited and followed "Black Rock" for the proposition that “a court must ask whether the improvement is more than the predictable use of prior art elements according to their established functions,” gave the Federal Circuit “forceful instruction” to change its approach. After the Supreme Court granted "certiorari" in the "KSR" case, the Federal Circuit began to defer to the "Black Rock" decision.

</doc>
<doc id="20315131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315131" title="Aşağı Mərcanlı">
Aşağı Mərcanlı

Aşağı Mərcanlı is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315137" title="Aşağı Sirik">
Aşağı Sirik

Aşağı Sirik is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315140" title="Çaprand">
Çaprand

Çaprand is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315142" title="Çələbilər, Jabrayil">
Çələbilər, Jabrayil

Çələbilər is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315145" title="Doşulu">
Doşulu

Doşulu is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315147" title="Əsgərxanlı">
Əsgərxanlı

Əsgərxanlı is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315148" title="High Security Unit">
High Security Unit

High Security Unit (HSU) was a "control" unit for women within the Federal Correctional Institution in Lexington, Kentucky. In the less than two years that the HSU was operational it became a focus of national and international concern over human rights abuses.
It was opened in 1986 by the U.S. Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP). This special unit of 16 isolation cells was sealed off in a basement from the other prisoners. Reports from different human rights organization including Amnesty International brought the attention to the existence of the unit and the inhumane treatment of prisoners.
Conditions.
The HSU prisoners lived in constant artificial lights 24 hours a day. Personal property was forbidden. Twenty four hours camera and visual surveillance recorded every activity. There were periods when the guards experimented with sleep deprivation: waking the prisoners every hour during the night. When prisoners filed complaints, the guards started waking them every half hour. Contact with the outside world was sharply restricted: Visitations were limited. There were frequent cavity searches done by male guards considered "constant sexual harassment" by the reports.
In August 1987, Dr. Richard Korn, a clinical psychologist and correctional expert issued a report for the American Civil Liberties Union's National Prison Project. Dr. Korn concluded that HSU was designed to force "ideological conversion".
Political and legal opposition.
A report by the United Methodist Church concluded that the extreme isolation of the unit was cruel and unusual punishment. A 38 page report by Amnesty International said that the HSU was violating the international standards of treatment of prisoners.
A lawsuit was filed in behalf of prisoners Silvia Baraldini and Susan Rosenberg. It challenged regulations that allowed the isolation of prisoners based on their political beliefs or affiliations. Judge Parker said in his ruling that: '"The treatment of the plaintiffs has skirted elemental standards of human decency. The exaggerated security, small group isolation and staff harassment serve to constantly undermine the inmates' morale." He ordered the Bureau of Prisons to rewrite its regulations and transfer the prisoners into the general prison population .
In response to mounting opposition the Bureau of Prisons closed the facility in 1988.
Inmates.
The facility never housed more than six women. They were officially labeled "high risk," though none of them was convicted of a "violent" act while in prison. Some of them were chosen because of their radical political beliefs:

</doc>
<doc id="20315152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315152" title="Hacı İsaqlı">
Hacı İsaqlı

Hacı İsaqlı is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315165" title="Wayne Chism">
Wayne Chism

Devon Dwayne Chism (born June 16, 1987 in Jackson, Tennessee), commonly known as Wayne Chism, is an American basketball player who played for the Tennessee Volunteers. He is currently playing in the Hungarian Basketball League for the Albacomp Fehérvár.
Chism was the focus of the team's offense during his senior season. He averaged 12.6 ppg, 7.2 rpg, and 1.3 bpg, all team highs. He also led UT to its first Elite Eight appearance in school history, where they were defeated by the Michigan State Spartans by a final score of 70-69.
Chism was not selected in the 2010 NBA Draft, but received summer league invitations from the New Jersey Nets and Sacramento Kings.
He played for Antalya BSB in Turkey, but was released in December 2010. He then signed to play with the Fort Wayne Mad Ants of the NBADL. Chism currently plays in Hungary for Albacomp.
References.
http://www.eurobasket.com/team.asp?Cntry=HUN&Team=633

</doc>
<doc id="20315174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315174" title="Oleksandr Omelchenko Bloc">
Oleksandr Omelchenko Bloc

Oleksandr Omelchenko Bloc () is a local political party in the capital of Ukraine, Kiev led by former mayor of Kiev Oleksandr Omelchenko. During the last local election the party won 2,26% of the votes and no seats in the Kiev City Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20315177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315177" title="Kürdlər, Jabrayil">
Kürdlər, Jabrayil

Kürdlər is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315178" title="Mollahəsənli, Jabrayil">
Mollahəsənli, Jabrayil

Mollahəsənli is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315181" title="Nüsüs">
Nüsüs

Nüsüs is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315183" title="Qaraağac, Jabrayil">
Qaraağac, Jabrayil

Qaraağac is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315184" title="Qərər">
Qərər

Qərər is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315197" title="Sədi">
Sədi

Sədi is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315201" title="Tulus">
Tulus

Tulus is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315203" title="Qurbantəpə">
Qurbantəpə

Qurbantəpə is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315207" title="Xubyarlı, Jabrayil">
Xubyarlı, Jabrayil

Xubyarlı is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315210" title="Xudaverdili">
Xudaverdili

Xudaverdili is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315212" title="Yanarxaj">
Yanarxaj

Yanarxaj is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315216" title="Yuxarı Məzrə">
Yuxarı Məzrə

Yuxarı Məzrə is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315223" title="Estonian Literary Museum">
Estonian Literary Museum

The Estonian Literary Museum (ELM; ), is a national research institute of the Ministry of Education and Research of the Republic of Estonia. Its mission is to improve the cultural heritage of Estonia, to collect, preserve, research and publish the results.
Structure.
The ELM acts as a central archive, in particular, of Estonian literature and folklore. It is divided into 5 divisions:
Apart from the specific business of the divisions, they also organize exhibitions and campaigns, technical meetings, conferences and various seminars.
History.
The history of the Estonian Literary Museum began in 1909 with the founding of the Estonian National Museum and Archive Library in Tartu. 
During the Second World War, the institute was split into two state museums covering ethnography and literature. In 1946 the museums were re-combined. starting in 1957 the Literary Museum has held a two-day conference on literature and folklore each December, the so-called "Kreutzwald days to remember" (Friedrich Reinhold Kreutzwald is an important Estonian writer). Some years after the restoration of independence in 1995, the museum received its former name back and extended the publication of its annual almanac to articles, primary source texts and research.

</doc>
<doc id="20315249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315249" title="2015 Commonwealth Youth Games">
2015 Commonwealth Youth Games

The 2015 Commonwealth Youth Games will be the fifth Commonwealth Youth Games which started in 2000. They will be held in Samoa. Samoa were the only bidders for the Games.
All events will take place in the capital city, Apia. The opening and closing ceremonies will be held in Apia Park, which will also host the athletics, rugby and tennis competitions. All other events (boxing, swimming, squash, weightlifting and lawn bowls) will be hosted in the Faleata Sports Complex.

</doc>
<doc id="20315276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315276" title="Timeline of the 1983 Atlantic hurricane season">
Timeline of the 1983 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1983 Atlantic hurricane season was the least active Atlantic hurricane season in 53 years, during which four tropical cyclones formed. The season officially began on June 1, 1983 and ended on November 30, dates which conventionally limit the period of each year when tropical cyclones tend to form in the Atlantic. The first named storm, Hurricane Alicia, formed on August 15. The last storm of the season, Tropical Storm Dean, dissipated on September 30. This timeline documents tropical cyclone formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, as well as dissipations during the season. The timeline also includes information which was not operationally released, meaning that information from post-storm reviews by the National Hurricane Center, such as information on a storm that was not operationally warned upon.
This season produced seven tropical depressions, of which four became named storms; three attained hurricane status, of which one became a major hurricane, a storm that ranks as a Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. Hurricane Alicia had its name retired due to the fatalities and severe damage caused in Texas. The storm killed 21 people and caused $2.6 billion (1983 USD; $5.6 billion 2008 USD) in damages, making it the costliest storm, at the time, in Texas history. Hurricane Barry was a weak Category 1 hurricane that traveled almost due west across the Gulf of Mexico for most of its track before making landfall in extreme northern Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20315297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315297" title="Megisto cymela">
Megisto cymela

The Little Wood Satyr ("Megisto cymela") is a species of Satyrinae that occurs in North America.
Description.
The wingspan is 29–48 mm. The forewing has two yellow-rimmed black spots on both sides, dorsal and ventral. The hindwing has two spots on the dorsal side but have smaller spots on the ventral. The other all color is light brown.
The body is light greenish-brown with a dark dorsal line and alternating brown and yellowish lateral stripes. The surface of the caterpillar has bumps, these bumps bear short reddish-brown hairs. The head is dirty white while the tail hairs are light gray.
Range & Habitat.
They are seen in the eastern United States and southeastern Canada, Nova Scotia south into Florida west to Texas, Saskatchewan, and Wyoming. As the name implies the Little Wood Satyr is most commonly seen in woods and shrubby areas.
Life cycle.
Adults in the northern portions of their range fly between June and July while their southern populations fly between March and September. Adults have a slow "bouncing" flight but they will rise as far as the top of tall trees. Females lay eggs singly on grass, the fourth-instar caterpillars hibernate.

</doc>
<doc id="20315331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315331" title="St. Peter's Lutheran Church and School">
St. Peter's Lutheran Church and School

St. Peter's Lutheran Church and School is a former member of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America (ELCA). St Peter's Lutheran joined the Lutheran Congregations in Mission for Christ (LCMC).
Background.
St Peter's Lutheran Church of Walmore has its roots in East Germany where an entire village chose to immigrate to America rather than give up their religious heritage. True to the Scriptures and the Lutheran tradition these pioneers have kept their convictions alive by maintaining a Christian Day School since 1843, which provides quality education for children from all our surrounding communities.
St. Peter's has kept its commitment to making Christ known through many changes in culture and church affiliations going back to the old Buffalo Synod, the American Lutheran Church, and the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. The need to make Christ known has most recently taken the shape of exchanging the structures of denominational Lutheranism for the freedom of function offered by Lutheran Congregations in Mission for Christ.
School history.
The first educational building in Walmore was built of clay and timber at the north end of a lot donated by Friedrich Haseley. The back of the building was partitioned off and served as living quarters for the teacher.
In 1873 this school burned. The fire was discovered in the back part of the building during school hours. Teacher F. Wilhelm Wendt got the children to safety and saved as much of the furnishings and equipment as possible, while one of the boys, following Mr. Wendt's orders, ran over to the church and rang the church bell. The furious clanging of the bell, coming unexpectedly in the middle of the afternoon, immediately told the Walmore families that some disaster had occurred. Then men gathered at the school as quickly as possible to save what they could and put out the blaze.
It was not possible to repair the building, however. The second school, a brick structure, was erected in 1875. The school building which served for 77 years had one room where seven grades were taught by one teacher.
The concept of this kind of arrangement seems impossible today. The basics of reading, writing, and arithmetic were taught. Proper writing technique was very important. A poor or incorrect technique would result in a lower grade or rewriting the assignment. Other subjects included geography, history, and spelling. Spelling bees were a fun way of sharpening skills.
One advantage of the one room school was that when things got too boring or your work was done, one could listen and watch the other classes.
Teaching religion was of first importance. For the first and second grades this meant memorizing Luther's Small Catechism; third, fourth and fifth graders would continue by memorizing Luther's Large Catechism. (The "large catechism" was a question and answer explanation of the five parts of the catechism as well as accompanying Bible verses. By the time a child was confirmed he was expected to have memorized the entire catechism.) The sixth and seventh grades would prepare for confirmation by attending daily hour long confirmation classes with the pastor.
Memorization assignments were certainly not among the favorites. We always questioned why we had to remember "all this work". However, as we look to our everyday lives, each of us can recall times of adversity, sorrow, perplexity and of happiness, when a particular Bible verse or hymn learned, came to us to give us the comfort or encouragement needed for that moment. These words remembered are often our source of strength and hope. We ought not to dismiss this valuable tool of learning as being no longer relevant.
Music has always been a very important part of the curriculum - hymns memorized and sung in school and for Christmas Eve services and school picnic programs; by 1960 training was expanded to include theory as well as singing in four part harmony.
Classes were taught mostly in the German language until the time of World War I. The anti-German sentiment was so strong that the schools were told to introduce teaching classes in English. German and English reading and writing (German script) continued to be taught well into the 1930s and German language religion, and confirmation remained in effect until the early 1940s. Another custom peculiar to the parochial schools was that the day after confirmation (usually in April) the student would continue his schooling in the "public school", rather than going to the next grade at the beginning of the school year.
This seemingly overwhelming schedule of classes, and variety of subjects to be taught by a single teacher, required much cooperation from the parents as well as very strict discipline of the students. It usually fell to the mothers to help the children with daily memorization work; homework in most subjects was also on a daily basis.
Strict discipline meant "no talking aloud without permission, ask permission to get up from your seat, no whispering, no turning around, no gum chewing, just sit and study". Of course, we all managed to do some of these but should we be caught, we knew there were consequences to pay. Minor infractions probably meant writing "lines 10-25" times. Major offenses could mean writing 100-200 "lines", staying in at recess or lunch hour, or for the incorrigible ones, punishment could mean being sent out to cut a willow branch and it would then be administered in an area which would make sitting uncomfortable.
Christmas Eve was a time of great expectation, even as it is today. Hours had been spent in preparation for the church program; songs had to be rehearsed, recitations memorized, (admonitions by the parents to "speak loudly"). At the end of the service, the trustees distributed a candy bag to each child. There was much rustling of paper as the rubber band was slipped off the bag, and it was opened and examined. The contents were usually a small paper bag of hard candy, chocolate drops, and sugar cream candy, while the large bag held an assortment of unshelled nuts.
Before electricity was installed, the tree was trimmed with candles. Trustees were assigned to sit near the tree with buckets of sand, in case the tree caught fire.
The school built in 1875 remained in use until 1954. The brick building was one large school room, there was a pot bellied stove in the northwest comer to provide heat and as many desks as required to accommodate the fluctuating number of students. The unheated entrance was used as a cloak room. There was no indoor plumbing; two "little houses" complete with Sears catalogs served as "Johnny on the Spot". Students were also responsible for chores around the school. The girls took turns sweeping the room; the boys provided wood for the stove, removed ashes, and also carried water from the well to the water container.
By the late 1940s it became increasingly apparent that the old school was inadequate to serve the increasing number of students and the changing requirements in the educational system. The present school was dedicated in 1954 under the leadership of Rev. Martin Pempeit. Mrs. Pempeit and Miss Williams were the first teachers in the new school.
Subsequently, over the years the scope and size of St. Peter's Christian Day School has changed and increased to include foreign languages, home economics, and computer science. Present enrollment is 108 students, five full-time teachers, three part-time teachers, two part-time teachers aides, one part-time secretary and one part-time principal. The grades range from pre-school through grade 8. Parents and parishioners alike continue their commitment to provide an excellent educational opportunity for the children, our future church leaders.
Significant changes in the community took place after World War II. Many of the returning veterans found employment other than the farming they had left behind. New people moved into the community. Walmore was affected by the same changes as the rest of the nation.
English language services were not introduced at St. Peter's until the early 1930s. Almost exclusive German services were conducted until the early 1940s. The school dedication booklet dated 1953 lists the services for each Sunday as German service at 9:30 a.m. and English service at 10:45 a.m.
While High German is seldom used today, a number of parishioners are still very fluent in speaking Low German and often speak it in their homes.
The cherished Lutheran tradition of praising God with music is reflected in our worship through instruments and choral music as well as the congregation lifting their voices in song, from the great chorales of Bach, the mighty hymns of the Reformation, the contemplative songs of commitment, the plaintive sound of a spiritual, to the joyous melody of Beethoven's Ode to Joy.

</doc>
<doc id="20315333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315333" title="Hacılı (39° 19' N 47° 04' E), Jabrayil">
Hacılı (39° 19' N 47° 04' E), Jabrayil

Hacılı (also, Gadzhily and Gadzhyly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315353" title="Hacılı (39° 21' N 47° 04' E), Jabrayil">
Hacılı (39° 21' N 47° 04' E), Jabrayil

Hacılı (also, Gadzhilyar and Gadzhyly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20315356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315356" title="List of Derby County F.C. managers">
List of Derby County F.C. managers

Derby County is an English association football club based in Derby, Derbyshire. The club was formed in 1884 but didn't appoint a full-time manager until 1896; prior to this the team for each match was selected by committee, a common practice in the early days of professional football. This chronological list comprises all those who have held the position of manager of the first team since 1896. Each manager's entry includes his dates of tenure and the club's overall competitive record (in terms of matches won, drawn and lost), honours won and significant achievements while under his care. Caretaker managers are included, where known, as well as those who have been in permanent charge. Derby have had 26 full-time managers. The most successful of these is Brian Clough, who won the club's first ever Football League title and reached the semi-final of the European Cup. The club's longest-serving managers were Jimmy Methven and George Jobey, who managed the club for 16 years, with Jobey being in charge for a club-record 629 games.

</doc>
<doc id="20315358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315358" title="Joe Pearson (Indiana politician)">
Joe Pearson (Indiana politician)

Joe Pearson was a Democratic member of the Indiana House of Representatives, representing the 31st District from 2009 to 2011. He farmed full–time until March 1995, when then–Governor Evan Bayh and Lt. Governor Frank O'Bannon named him Assistant Commissioner of Agriculture. He continued to serve in the same capacity for Governor O’Bannon and Governor Joe Kernan through 2005, then ran unsuccessfully for Secretary of State of Indiana in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20315388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315388" title="Clive Whitehead">
Clive Whitehead

Clive Whitehead (born 24 November 1955) is an English former footballer.
Career.
Whitehead was born in Bordesley Green, Birmingham. He played for Bordesley Green Boys and Northfield Juniors during his youth and had a trial with Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1971. In March 1973 he joined Bristol City and turned professional with the club five months later. He scored the winning goal to help the club to achieve promotion from the Second Division in 1975–76. Whitehead was transferred to West Bromwich Albion in November 1981, for a fee of £100,000, and made his debut for his new club away at Tottenham Hotspur in a First Division match. In 1983 Heather Whithead gave birth to their twin daughters, Emily and Charlotte. During the 1985–86 season he was loaned to Albion's local rivals Wolverhampton Wanderers. He joined Portsmouth on a free transfer in July 1987 and remained with the club until another free transfer to Exeter City in July 1989. A move to Yeovil Town followed in October 1990, with Whitehead taking up the role of player-manager, but he was dismissed from the position in April 1991. He then worked as an academy coach and scout at his former club Bristol City, and later as a football agent and referee's assessor. Clive now works as a fully qualified Financial Adviser with Openwork.

</doc>
<doc id="20315393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315393" title="Alexander John Forsyth">
Alexander John Forsyth

Alexander John Forsyth (1768–1843) was a Scottish Presbyterian clergyman who invented the percussion ignition.
Gunsmiths like Joseph Manton invented more reliable forms of ignition, like the tube lock in 1814. The artist Joshua Shaw designed what is recognised today as the percussion cap, which he patented in the United States in 1822, since Forsyth had threatened his rivals in Britain with legal action. These new forms of ignition proved popular among hunters during the Regency period, who had their old reliable flintlocks converted.
Life.
He was educated at King's College, Aberdeen, and succeeded his father as minister of Belhelvie in 1791.
While hunting wild duck, he was dissatisfied with his flintlock fowling-piece due to its long lock time (the delay between the time the trigger is pulled and the time the main charge of gunpowder begins burning); by the time the pellets actually left the barrel, the target animal could hear the noise from the trigger being pulled and have time to either fly, dive, or run before the shot reached it. He patented his scent-bottle lock in 1807; this was a small container filled with fulminate of mercury
During the Napoleonic Wars Forsyth worked on his design at the Tower armories. But when a new Master General of Ordnance was appointed he was dismissed; other experiments had had destructive results and the new master general did not wish to see Britain's main arsenal destroyed.
Napoleon Bonaparte offered Forsyth a reward of £20,000 if he took his invention to France, but Forsyth declined. The French gunsmith Jean Lepage developed a similar form of ignition in 1807 based on Forsyth's design, but this was not pursued.

</doc>
<doc id="20315414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315414" title="Hacılı, Jabrayil">
Hacılı, Jabrayil

Hacılı, Jabrayil may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20315428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315428" title="Tinicum Park">
Tinicum Park

Tinicum Park is a park in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. It is located on River Road (PA 32) in Erwinna, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20315467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315467" title="Chavisa Woods">
Chavisa Woods

Chavisa Woods is a New York based fiction writer, poet and performance artist.
Biography.
Chavisa Woods is a literary author based in New York City. 
Woods' second work of fiction, "The Albino Album," a novel, was released by Seven Stories Press in 2013. The Albino Album, a queer epic, follows the life of a little girl who accidentally feeds her mother to an albino tiger and grows up to become a domestic terrorist. Woods presents a technicolored vision of rural adolescence, the story of a girl with an unpronounceable name—a fiery, unhinged, growling, big-hearted country girl in a dirty black tutu and combat boots who travels along all the bizarre yet familiar byways of human desire from the cornfields of Indiana to the big brass sound of Mardi Gras, to the heights of the Empire State Building. In the tradition of the southern gothic novel, Woods presents a new land of contemporary misfits including fire-dancers, pseudo Nazis who breed albino animals, catholic workers, horse thieves, and the archangel Gabriel. A bold exploration of the intersections of race, class, and sexuality, The Albino Album is an exhilarating contemplation on the relationships between political action, art, and romance.
Her first work of full-length fiction "Love Does Not Make Me Gentle or Kind," was released in 2009 by Fly By Night Press. The second edition was released in 2012 by Autonomedia Press under Unbearables imprint. This book is both a short fiction collection and a novel. The ‘chapters’ are interconnected short stories written in varying styles that follow two characters, a mother and daughter, throughout their childhoods into adulthood. The identities of the characters are sometimes abstracted within the contexts of the stories. The book explores the rural American landscape and the experiences of working class women in the U.S., addressing issues of lesbian identity, race relations, and cycles of abuse both domestic and societal. The book also explores psychological and metaphysical themes, combining realism with meta-fiction, creating what some have called ‘magical realism.’
Woods was born and raised in Sandoval, Illinois. Her performance art, spoken word and poetry have been featured in multiple venues in New York City and abroad, including the Whitney Museum as part of Butch Morris' Chorus of Poets, the New York Vision Festival, Quimby's Bookstore Chicago, Hot Festival at the Dixon Place Theater NYC, The Howl festival NYC, The Brecht Forum, Pink Pony Reading Series, Blue Stockings Bookstore NYC, The Fresh Fruit Festival, Slam Poetry in St. Louis and the National Poetry Slam.
During 2008 she collaborated with a contemporary video artist and animator to produce abstract animations to accompany the stories from "Love Does Not Make Me Gentle or Kind".
Awards.
Woods was awarded the Cobalt Fiction Prize in 2013 for her short work of poetic prose entitled "Things to do when you're Goth in the Country."
Chavisa Woods was the 2008 recipient of the Jerome Foundation Travel Grant/Award for Literature.
"Love Does Not Make Me Gentle or Kind" was a finalist for the Lambda Literary Award for Debut Fiction.
Publications.
Poetry.
Woods has published poetry in a number of magazines, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20315487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315487" title="Synchronized swimming at the 2006 Asian Games">
Synchronized swimming at the 2006 Asian Games

Synchronized swimming was contested from December 8 to December 9 at the 2006 Asian Games in Doha, Qatar, with all events taking place at the Hamad Aquatic Centre.
Participating nations.
A total of 67 athletes from 9 nations competed in synchronized swimming at the 2006 Asian Games:

</doc>
<doc id="20315492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315492" title="Centre Party (Tasmania)">
Centre Party (Tasmania)

The Centre Party was a minor Australian political party formed by Kevin Lyons in 1969, which held the balance of power in the Tasmanian House of Assembly following the 1969 state election in Tasmania. The party formed a minority government with the Liberal Party, with Lyons acting as Deputy Premier to Angus Bethune from 1969 to 1972.
Kevin Lyons, the son of Tasmanian politician Joseph Lyons, was originally a member of the Liberal Party. In 1966, a dispute arose over preselection and Lyons resigned from the Liberals on 7 September. Lyons remained in the House of Assembly as an independent, until the 1969 election when he ran for the newly formed Centre Party, a repackaged version of the Country Party which had never performed well in Tasmania. Lyons was elected to the House of Assembly as the party's only MHA, after substantial numbers of preferences were transferred to him from Liberal voters in the electorate of Darwin. Labor and the Liberals both won 17 seats in the House, resulting in a hung parliament, with the Centre Party's one seat giving Lyons the balance of power. In negotiations with Bethune, Lyons agreed to form a coalition government with the Liberals, and became Bethune's deputy premier. The Liberal-Centre coalition lasted until 1972, with Lyons resigning as Deputy Premier after a dispute with Bethune, effectively dissolving the party and the coalition. The resulting instability triggered the 1972 election, which was won by the Labor Party's Eric Reece.

</doc>
<doc id="20315522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315522" title="Large woody debris">
Large woody debris

Large woody debris (LWD) are the logs, sticks, branches, and other wood that falls into streams and rivers. This debris can influence the flow and the shape of the stream channel. Large woody debris, grains, and the shape of the bed of the stream are the three main providers of flow resistance, and are thus, a major influence on the shape of the stream channel. Some streams have less large woody debris than they did in the past because of humans.
The study of woody debris is important for its forestry management implications. Plantation thinning can reduce the potential for recruitment of LWD into proximal streams. The presence of large woody debris is important in the formation of pools which serve as salmon habitat in the Pacific Northwest [http://www.elwhainfo.org/elwha-river-watershed/river-restoration/engineered-log-jams]. Entrainment of the large woody debris in a stream can also cause erosion and scouring around and under the LWD. The amount of scouring and erosion is determined by the ratio of the diameter of the piece, to the depth of the stream, and the embedding and orientation of the piece. 
Influence on stream flow around bends.
Large woody debris slows the flow through a bend in the stream, while accelerating flow in the constricted area downstream of the obstruction.

</doc>
<doc id="20315566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315566" title="Willis Dysart">
Willis Dysart

Willis Nelson Dysart is an American mental calculator. Born in the U.S. state of Georgia in 1924, his talent for arithmetic emerged at the age of three after his mother taught him to count. He quit school in the third grade (age 9) and pursued a career as a lightning calculator.
In 1938 Robert Ripley featured Dysart in his ‘Believe It Or Not’ newspaper column and introduced what would become Dysart’s stage name - ‘Willie the Wizard’.
In 1940 Dysart was recruited by a local radio station to tally votes in the US presidential election. Dysart would very quickly (much more quickly than rival radio stations aided by calculating machines) give "the exact standing of any candidate on the board, including his current total, the percentage of votes counted at that point and the probable outcome of the contest on the basis of existing information". Not content with that, Dysart would provide a little entertainment by, for instance, asking for the birth dates of the candidates and immediately giving the years, months, hours, minutes and seconds they had lived to that moment
Dysart has given many live demonstrations of his skill at a range of venues. He has also appeared on numerous television shows, including I’ve Got a Secret, You Asked For It, The Art Linkletter Show and The Joe Pyne Show, which made him famous in the United States. He has also been the subject of psychological studies.
Although excelling at all kinds of arithmetic, Dysart’s most startling demonstrations have been in addition and multiplication. Multiplying a pair of three-digit numbers is for Dysart a trivial task, which is why he breaks larger numbers into groups of three digits before multiplying them (many of the multiplications reported to have been made by Dysart involve six or nine-digit numbers). In this respect Dysart is unique among the documented calculators, among whom several–most notably Dutchman Wim Klein–multiplied large numbers by breaking them up into groups of two-digit numbers but never three-digit numbers. It takes Dysart less than 10 seconds to multiply a pair of nine-digit numbers.
Dysart currently resides in Long Beach, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20315589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315589" title="Shiwiar language">
Shiwiar language

Shiwiar, also known as Achuar, "Jivaro, Maina", is a Jivaroan language spoken along the Pastaza and Bobonaza rivers in Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="20315592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315592" title="Eric Decker">
Eric Decker

Eric Thomas Decker (born March 15, 1987) is an American football wide receiver for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Denver Broncos in the third round of the 2010 NFL Draft. He played college football and college baseball at Minnesota, where he earned a bachelor’s degree in business and marketing.
Early years.
Decker attended Rocori High School in Cold Spring, Minnesota. He was present in school when the Rocori High School shooting took place, hiding in a cupboard with other students until they were rescued by police officers. At school he was a three-sport athlete in football, basketball, and baseball. In each sport he was awarded all-conference, all-area and all-section honors. Additionally, he was named football team MVP two years in a row. During his prep football career he had 2,156 receiving yards and 28 touchdowns.
College career.
2008 season.
Decker finished his junior season with 84 catches for 1,074 yards and seven touchdowns. He either sat out or played with leg injuries in several games.
2009 season.
In early spring, Decker met with Thomas Goudy, a wide-out coach in St. Louis, Missouri. Goudy helped Decker with his ball-holding technique. Decker spent three weeks in his training camp before starting the summer conditioning camp.
Decker began the season with the consistent play that had been a hallmark of his Gophers' career. Through three games, Decker was sixth in the nation in receiving yards, averaging 124.8 per game. Sports Illustrated columnist Stewart Mandel declared Decker the third-best wide receiver in college football, behind Oklahoma State's Dez Bryant and Georgia's A. J. Green.
On October 27, 2009, it was announced that Decker would miss the rest of the season after suffering a sprained foot against Ohio State. Decker was also teammates with Minnesota Vikings cornerback Marcus Sherels.
Baseball career.
Decker played outfield for the Minnesota baseball team. He was selected in the 39th round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft by the Milwaukee Brewers and the 27th round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft by the Minnesota Twins.
Professional career.
Draft.
Decker’s senior season was cut short due to surgery he underwent to repair torn ligaments in his left foot. As a result, he was unable to participate in both the NFL combine and Minnesota’s pro day workout.
Decker scored a 43 on the Wonderlic test at the combine, the top score at not only for the wide receiver position, but for the entire group of prospects who took the test in Indianapolis.
2010 season.
Decker was drafted by the Denver Broncos in the third round (87th overall) of the 2010 NFL Draft. He signed a four year contract through 2013 worth $2,522,000. Because of a foot surgery, Decker sat out the Broncos rookie mini-camp and OTA's. Broncos head coach Josh McDaniels said he hoped he'd be ready by the season's opener, “At this point we’re going to err on the side of being real careful and not put them in a situation where (it’s) the last day of minicamp on June 13th and all of a sudden we have a foot injury," said McDaniels."Hopefully everybody will be ready by August.” 
On February 27, 2010, the Denver Broncos signed Decker to a 4-year contract. In the preseason, Decker led all NFL rookies in receptions, but due to the Broncos' depth at receiver, Decker didn't see much action in the offense until late in the regular season. He did contribute on special teams however, recording seven special teams tackles while returning 17 kickoffs for 429 yards giving him a 25.2 yards per return average. 
Toward the end of the 2010 season, the Broncos did start to mix Decker into the offense more, after fellow rookie Demaryius Thomas (a first round draft pick) went down with an injury. Decker finished his rookie season with 6 catches that went for 106 yards and one touchdown—a six-yard score off a Tim Tebow pass.
2011 season.
Decker's role in Denver's offense expanded in 2011. In a Week 1 Monday Night Football loss to the Oakland Raiders, Decker returned a fourth quarter punt 90 yards for a touchdown, but the Broncos lost 23-20.
In Week 2, making his first career start, Decker hauled in 5 passes for 113 yards and 2 touchdowns, the second on a 52-yard catch in the 4th quarter as Denver recorded their first win of the 2011 season, 24-22 over the Cincinnati Bengals. On September 25, in Denver's Week 3 17-14 loss to the Tennessee Titans, Decker had a career high 7 catches for 48 yards. Over the next 4 weeks, Decker continued his steady play by hauling in 18 passes for 192 yards and 4 touchdowns.
On November 13, in a Week 10 divisional road game at Arrowhead Stadium against the Kansas City Chiefs, starting quarterback Tim Tebow attempted a pair of deep passes for Decker, the first almost being hauled in off a deflection and the other being knocked down by the defender. But in the 4th quarter, with Denver hanging on to a slim 10-7 lead, Tebow hit Decker on a go route deep for a 56-yard touchdown catch, Decker's only catch of the game and only Tebow's 2nd completion, as the Broncos won 17-10 to move into a second place tie in the AFC West with the San Diego Chargers and Chiefs. In the first round of the playoffs against the Pittsburgh Steelers, Decker was taken out of the game due to injury.
2012 season.
Heading into the 2012 regular season, Decker seems primed to have a productive year with quarterback Peyton Manning now running Denver's offense. On May 12, Denver Broncos' offensive coordinator Mike McCoy noted that Decker and fellow receiver Demaryius Thomas are "like two little kids in a candy shop right now," when asked about the receivers eagerness to work with Manning.
In April, Decker attended a Colorado Rockies' baseball game with Manning and began workouts with him prior to training camp.
Decker had a breakout season in 2012. He had 85 catches for 1,064 yards and 13 touchdowns. He was number 20 in the league in terms of yards for WRs and the 13 touchdowns was the second most among WRs in the 2012 season.
2013 season.
In week 13, Decker had a career day against the Kansas City Chiefs with 8 catches for 174 yards and team record tying 4 touchdowns, which earned him the AFC Offensive Player of the Week award. Overall, Decker had 87 receptions for 1,288 yards, both career highs, and 11 touchdowns.
Personal life.
Decker is married to country singer Jessie James. In September 2013, James took to Twitter to announce that she was expecting the couple's first child.

</doc>
<doc id="20315614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315614" title="Brahmapuri">
Brahmapuri

Brahmapuri may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20315671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315671" title="Gromia sphaerica">
Gromia sphaerica

Gromia sphaerica is a large spherical testate amoeba, a single-celled organism classed among the protists and is the largest in the genus "Gromia". It was discovered in 2000, along the Oman margin of the Arabian sea, at depths from 1163 to 1194 meters (3816 to 3917 feet). Specimens range in size from 4.7 to 38 millimeters (0.2 to 1.5 inches) in diameter. The test (organic shell) is usually spherical in shape and honeycombed with pores. There are filaments on the bottom of the organism, where it is in contact with the seafloor, and it is mostly filled with stercomata (waste pellets). 
In 2008, 30-millimeter (1.2-inch) specimens were found off the coast of Little San Salvador in the Bahamas by researchers from the University of Texas. These "Gromia" were discovered to make mud trails as much as 50 centimeters (20 inches) in length. It was previously thought that single-celled organisms were incapable of making these kinds of trails, and their cause was previously a source of speculation. The mud trails made by the Bahamian "Gromia" appear to match prehistoric mud trails from the Precambrian, including 1.8 billion year-old fossil trails in the Stirling formation in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20315675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315675" title="WHWB">
WHWB

WHWB could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20315679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315679" title="Halden Hound">
Halden Hound

The Halden Hound (), is a medium sized Norwegian dog breed of the hound class, 
used for hunting hares and other plains quarry. It resembles an American Foxhound but is smaller. It was named after Halden, a town in southeastern Norway.
Description.
Appearance.
The Halden is similar to the American Foxhound in appearance although it is smaller. Haldens stand between 17 and 21.5 inches at the shoulder, and weigh approximately 40-55 lbs. They have smooth, very dense coats, hanging ears, and are white with black patches as well as brown shading on the head and legs. They are strong dogs with rectangular bodies and straight, solid backs. The tail is fairly thick, carried low, and hangs down toward the hocks. The skull is slightly domed with a pronounced stop and a straight nosebridge. The cheeks are flat. The ears are pendulous and curled, and the eyes are dark brown and kind. The nose is black. Breeders of Haldens aim for a particular foot shape, with high, tight, long toes and dense fur, for greater stability and warmth as the terrain they hunt through is often snowy and difficult to navigate. 
Temperament.
The Halden is a loving and an affectionate pet as well as a good hunting breed. They are said to be good family dogs and to behave well with children. Haldens are hardy and energetic, able to bear cold weather and maintain a quick pace for extended periods. They do best in homes with large areas to play or owners who provide extensive exercise. Prolonged periods of inactivity can cause them to become restless and unhappy. The Halden does not hunt in packs, as many hounds do. They are bred to hunt alone with their owner. 
Health.
The Halden is a healthy breed, with no known health problems. They have an average lifespan of 12 years. 
History.
The Halden is one of three Norwegian hare hound breeds, and is the smallest in size. Bred for scent hunting, the breed is believed to have been developed through crossing local Norwegian scenthounds with scenthounds from Sweden, Germany, and England. It was first developed in the early 1900s, and the breed standard was established in the 1950s. The Halden is relatively rare, seldom seen outside Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="20315729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315729" title="Lightspeed Venture Partners">
Lightspeed Venture Partners

Lightspeed Venture Partners is a venture capital firm focusing on early and expansion stage investments in the consumer, enterprise technology and cleantech markets.
Lightspeed Venture Partners has backed more than 200 companies, including Brocade (BRCD), DoubleClick (acquired by Google after going public), Nicira (acquired by VMware), Playdom (acquired, DIS), Pliant Technology (acquired, SanDisk), XtremeIO (acquired, EMC), Blue Nile (NILE), Fusion-io (FIO), Phone.com (OPWV), Informatica (INFA), and Solazyme (SZYM).
Lightspeed Venture Partners invests in the U.S. and internationally, with investment professionals and advisors in Silicon Valley, India, Israel, and China with Lightspeed China Partners. The team is currently investing out of Lightspeed IX, a $675 million fund.
History.
The firm was founded in October 2000 by Chris Schaepe, Barry Eggers, Ravi Mhatre, and Peter Nieh. All four were formerly a part of the investment firm Weiss, Peck & Greer and left to start Lightspeed following the sale of the investment management business to Robeco.
In 2012, Lightspeed closed Lightspeed IX, a $675 million fund focused on the Enterprise, Consumer and Cleantech markets. Today the firm has over $2 billion in committed capital.
Significant Investments.
Nicira acquired by VMware for $1.26B
Fusion-io (NYSE: FIO)
Linkamedia acquired by SK Hynix
XtremeIO acquired by EMC
Pliant Technology acquired by SanDisk
Riverbed (NASDAQ: RVBD)
Playdom acquired by Disney
Kosmix acquired by Walmart
Flixster acquired by Warner Brothers
Serious Business acquired by Zynga
TutorVista acquired by Pearson
Ciena (NASDAQ: CIEN)
Informatica (NASDAQ: INFA)
DoubleClick acquired by Google post IPO
eHealth (NASDAQ: EHTH)
BlueNile (NASDAQ: NILE)
Brocade (NASDAQ: BRCD)
Virsa acquired by SAP
Avamar acquired by EMC
TimesTen acquired by Oracle
Telogy acquired by Texas Instruments
Kiva Software acquired by Netscape
Growth Networks acquired by Cisco
Waveset acquired by Sun Microsystems
Terayon (NASDAQ: TERN)
Snapchat ($485K in March 2012)
Whisper ($3M in April 2013)
Summer Fellowship Program.
Every year, Lightspeed offers summer fellowships to support entrepreneurship and innovation among highly motivated engineering and computer science students. Weekly speakers and angel investors are brought in to share their insights and offer further advice about the start-up experience. 2013 will be the program’s seventh year running.

</doc>
<doc id="20315753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315753" title="Princess Fawzia-Latifa of Egypt">
Princess Fawzia-Latifa of Egypt

Princess Fawzia-Latifa of Egypt was born in Monte Carlo, Monaco, on 12 February 1982, and she is the daughter of Fuad II (last King of Egypt) by his wife, Fadila (born Dominique-France Picard).

</doc>
<doc id="20315818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315818" title="Ardis">
Ardis

Ardis is a female first name of Irish and Scottish origin. Its meaning is "fervent". Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20315866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315866" title="Çələbilər">
Çələbilər

Çələbilər may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20315869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315869" title="Let's Play Pet Hospitals">
Let's Play Pet Hospitals

"Let's Play Pet Hospitals" is a pet care simulation video game produced by Biodroid Productions and published by Deep Silver for the Nintendo DS and Microsoft Windows.
Premise.
"Let's Play Pet Hospitals" is full of interesting facts regarding different kinds of pets and their specific needs.
Animals which have either run away or been abandoned, and may therefore be undernourished, ungroomed, and sick, are brought to the pet hospital. There, the player will need to take care of them and find them new homes, or return them to their original owners. PC or Nintendo DS vets will receive money for successful treatment, advising customers, and thus finding good homes for the pets under their care. This money can be used to build new condos and improve the pet center, for example by painting the walls, renewing the flooring and purchasing new furniture, or even clothes for the player character.

</doc>
<doc id="20315881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315881" title="Neonympha mitchellii">
Neonympha mitchellii

Neonympha mitchellii is an endangered species of nymphalid butterfly of the eastern United States. There are two known subspecies:
Recent discoveries since 1998 of populations in Alabama, Mississippi, and Virginia are being studied for taxonomic classification, and may be grouped with "N. m. mitchellii" or be described as new subspecies.
All subspecies, including those newly discovered, are federally protected under the Endangered Species Act.
Description.
Both subspecies are small, brown butterflies with a wingspan rage of 34–44 mm. The upper surface of their wings are unmarked, while the undersides of the wings have rows of round, yellow-ringed eyespots. "N. m. francisci" is slightly darker, with more irregularly shaped eyespots.
Their eggs are greenish-white to cream, becoming tan as they age. The larvae's dark head can be seen a day or two before hatching. First instar larvae, 3–4 mm long, have dark brown bilobed heads, while four subsequent instars, 6–12 mm long, have green bilobed heads, and green bodies with raised white ridges along the sides.
The chrysalis are 10.5–15.5 mm long, suspended with the head down. It's a light lime green, with pale green or white speckling, and turns a medium brown about two days before eclosion.

</doc>
<doc id="20315929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315929" title="W. Paris Chambers">
W. Paris Chambers

William Paris Chambers (November 1, 1854 – November 13, 1913) was an American composer, cornet soloist, and bandmaster of the late 19th century.
Life and career.
William Paris Chambers was born in Newport, Pennsylvania but spent most of his early years in Newville, Pennsylvania. It was in Newville that he studied music, quickly becoming a proficient performer on the cornet, which he began to study around age thirteen. By the age of eighteen he was conducting the Keystone Cornet Band. At the age of twenty-five, he conducted the Capital City Band of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He was also given credit for bringing the Chambersburg and Martinsburg bands into statewide fame.
Between 1887 and 1893 he conducted the Great-Southern Band of Baltimore, Maryland. While on a tour with the Great-Southern in 1892 Chambers demonstrated his stamina and skill with the cornet with a solo performed from the 14,500 foot summit of Pike’s Peak.
At the turn of the century, Chambers managed the C.G. Conn store in the city of New York, performing impromptu on the cornet for the customers, including fellow cornet virtuosi. His forte was a phenomenally high register ascending to the third high C. He liked to tell his store audience: “It is all really very simple; all you have to do is to develop the muscle in and around the lips, by long hours of the right kind of practice, and anyone can do the same things I do on the cornet.”
He was regularly featured in cornet solos with Francesco Fanciulli’s Seventy-First Regiment Band on the mall at Central Park.
In 1905–1906 he performed cornet solos in Europe and Africa, accompanied by his own band of musicians. One of his favorite concert tricks was to hold the cornet inverted during difficult solos, pushing the valves up instead of down and with the backs of his fingers and maintaining correct tempo. He would sometimes perform on the cornet with the bell touching his right ear.
In 1906, he performed for Jules Massenet in Paris. The famous French composer was averse to the cornet, but he relented and accompanied Chambers in his own "Élégie" Op. 5, No. 10 and afterward complimented Chambers on his performance, saying: “I have just composed a little song, "Je t’aime!", which ought to make a fine effect on the cornet when performed by an artist like yourself.” Massenet played the piece on the piano and then Chambers performed the work on the cornet.
Chambers filed for bankruptcy in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on October 28, 1908. 
On February 20, 1910, he performed on the cornet (his wife accompanying him on piano) at the Maine Memorial Service for the United Spanish War Veterans at Carnegie Hall in New York.
In 1912 Chambers formed the municipal band in Atlantic City, New Jersey. He returned to Newville, Pennsylvania and while trying to rebuild his health he also rebuilt the band there. W. Paris Chambers died in Newville in 1913 and is buried in the Newville Cemetery.
Compositions and recordings.
Chambers wrote several cornet solos and nearly ninety marches. His most widely known works include "The Boys of the Old Brigade" (unrelated to the Irish republican song of the same name) and "Chicago Tribune", both marches. His compositions have been called “some of the finest and most difficult works in the American march repertoire.”
Chambers’s compositions were published by John Church, Harry Coleman, Carl Fischer Music, J. W. Pepper and Son, Roland F. Seitz, Southern Music, E. F. Kalmus, and Wingert-Jones Music.
Chambers was the earliest artist to record the cornet on disc, for Berliner. He performed on Edison and Berliner records (in the 1890s) and on Zonophone (in 1901). Several of his works were performed on Victor records.
Noted students.
Amongst his famous cornet students were Frederick Otis Currier (1872–1921), B. Frank Maurer (1870–?), and Al Sweet (1876–1945).

</doc>
<doc id="20315937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20315937" title="Andrew Curnow">
Andrew Curnow

Andrew William Curnow AM is the ninth bishop of the Anglican Diocese of Bendigo in regional Victoria, Australia. He was enthroned as bishop on 28 June 2003 after a period as an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Melbourne, serving the northern region of the diocese. He has degrees in commerce, divinity and arts. He was ordained as a priest in 1974 and has served in the Bendigo, Melbourne and New York dioceses. His family is of Cornish origins.
Curnow has lived, studied and ministered in widely diverse communities and parishes, ranging from those in rural Victoria (Elmore, Lockington), to regional centres such as Bendigo, Melbourne suburbs (West Coburg, Pascoe Vale South, Kew and Malvern) and overseas in New York and Virginia in the United States and Oxford in England. He is prominent in his concern for welfare issues (through involvement in and leadership of groups such as Anglicare Australia, St Luke's Anglicare, the Brotherhood of St Laurence and welfare services such as New Horizons Welfare Services in Kyneton, Victoria). 
Curnow has played significant leadership roles in Christian education in the Council for Christian Education in Schools, at Braemar College and the Melbourne College of Divinity. He has a particular interest in the theology of mission in contemporary Australia on which he has written extensively. He is married to Jan Curnow.

</doc>
<doc id="20316003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316003" title="Knitting (film)">
Knitting (film)

Knitting () is a 2008 Chinese film directed by Yin Lichuan. Yin's second film as director, "Knitting" is a romantic drama. The film was adapted by Yin from the short story "The Story of Li Ai and Haihai" by author Amei.
The film premiered at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival as part of the Directors' Fortnight on 21 May 2008.
Though the film's setting is never stated, "Knitting" was shot in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou.
Background.
"Knitting" was inspired in part on the story of the Cowheard and the Weaver Girl, the basis of the Chinese festival of Qi Xi, also called the Magpie Festival or the Chinese Valentine's Day.
Director Yin Lichuan noted in her statement of intent that "Knitting" was meant to explore female themes from a feminine perspective. To this end the film has two female leads, one "clumsy and simple-minded," the other "tenacious and shrewd."

</doc>
<doc id="20316082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316082" title="Joshua Shaw">
Joshua Shaw

Joshua Shaw (1776-1860) was an English-American artist and inventor. 
Early life.
Shaw was born in Ellesmere Port, England in 1776 and was orphaned at the age of 7. To survive he worked for a local farmer as a bird scarer. During the three years he spent doing this work he discovered his artistic talent and began drawing the animals he encountered. After his mother remarried Shaw worked for his stepfather's plumbing and glazing business, and later as a mail carrier.
Artistic career.
At the age of 16 he painted his first work: 10 commandments in St Michael's Church. His master, jealous of Shaw's skills, sent him to Manchester to work as a foreman. Shaw was able to find purchasers for his work and emerged from obscurity, traveling to London where his paintings attracted many wealthy clients.
Inventions.
Shaw invented the copper percussion cap in 1814. This copper cup, filled with fulminate of mercury, was a significant improvement over earlier designs like Joseph Manton's tube lock or Alexander Forsyth's scent-bottle lock.
Due to the threat of legal action from Forsyth, Shaw kept his invention a secret until his return to America in 1822 where he patented his design. During the Regency period his percussion cap, along with Forsyth and Manton's inventions, became popular among hunters on both sides of the Atlantic. In the 1830s the British, French and Russian armies began adopting his form of ignition. The Austrians, by contrast, preferred the tube-lock derived from Joseph Manton's design.
Shaw returned to England in 1833 with his new design for cannon locks. His invention was adopted by both the British and the Russians.
By the time Shaw died in 1860 he was well-known and respected in America as a member of the Franklin Institute; in addition to being an artist and scientist he was a prolific writer.

</doc>
<doc id="20316103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316103" title="Upper Heyford, Northamptonshire">
Upper Heyford, Northamptonshire

Upper Heyford is an English village west of Northampton along the A45 road just before Weedon, in the shire county of Northamptonshire, known as "Northants". It is by road to the M1 London to Yorkshire motorway junction 16, north of London and southeast of Birmingham. The village of Nether Heyford is about to the south of the village with which it shares a Parish Council, Primary School, church and other facilities. A second village with the same name is in Oxfordshire.
Notable buildings.
Heyford Mill lies a little to the west of the village along the River Nene in a valley which separates the village and Nether Heyford. The mill was derelict but underwent extensive restoration and refurbishment in 2008. The Mill is mentioned in the Domesday Book. In November 2008, South Northants Council decided to serve a "planning enforcement notice" on the developer alleging failure to comply his planning permission. The Council had previously served a court injunction against the developer to stop occupation of the property. The enforcement notice will require the demolition of the new buildings and other works on the historic site.
The mill fell into disuse in the 1960s. With the intention of saving its historic character, the Council granted planning permission in 2005 to restore and change the use of several derelict buildings at Heyford Mill after they had suffered arson and vandalism attacks. The site is in open countryside, part of the floodplain of the River Nene.

</doc>
<doc id="20316109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316109" title="Orphans (EP)">
Orphans (EP)

Orphans is Charlotte Martin's 2008 release composed of b-sides and other songs written for her previous releases, but were left off the final cuts (hence the EP name "Orphans"). Some did not fit the "feeling" of the previous albums, others were popular live songs never recorded until this EP.
Track listing.
All songs written by Charlotte Martin.

</doc>
<doc id="20316114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316114" title="Synchronized swimming at the 2002 Asian Games">
Synchronized swimming at the 2002 Asian Games

Synchronized swimming was contested from September 30 to October 2 at the 2002 Asian Games in Busan, South Korea. with all events taking place at the Sajik Swimming Pool.
Participating nations.
A total of 16 athletes from 7 nations competed in synchronized swimming at the 2002 Asian Games:

</doc>
<doc id="20316118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316118" title="Zeitschrift für celtische Philologie">
Zeitschrift für celtische Philologie

The Zeitschrift für celtische Philologie is an academic journal of Celtic studies, which was established in 1897 by the German scholars Kuno Meyer and Ludwig Christian Stern. It was the first journal devoted exclusively to Celtic languages and literature and the oldest significant journal of Celtic studies still in existence today. The emphasis is on (early) Irish language and literature and Continental Celtic languages, but other aspects of Celtic philology and literature (including modern literature) also receive attention.
Apart from Stern and Meyer, previous editors include Julius Pokorny, Ludwig Mühlhausen, Rudolf Thurneysen, Rudolf Hertz, Heinrich Wagner, Hans Hartmann, and Karl Horst Schmidt. The current editors-in-chief are Stefan Zimmer and Jürgen Uhlich.
In addition to the regular volumes, the journal also has a subsidiary series, "Buchreihe der Zeitschrift für celtische Philologie". 
The journal features in a poem by Flann O'Brien which satirises scholars who "rose in their nightshift / To write for the Zeitschrift".

</doc>
<doc id="20316129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316129" title="B.A.S.I.C. (album)">
B.A.S.I.C. (album)

B.A.S.I.C. is an album composed by the music group Alpinestars.
Track listing.
All compositions from Thomas and Woolgar except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20316133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316133" title="Enodia anthedon">
Enodia anthedon

The Northern Pearly-eye ("Enodia anthedon") is a species of Satyrinae that occurs in North America, where it is found from central Saskatchewan and eastern Nebraska east to Nova Scotia, south to central Alabama and Mississippi.
The wingspan is 43–67 mm. The upperside is brown with dark eyespots and the underside is brown. Adults feed on dung, fungi, carrion and sap from willows, poplars, and birches.
The larvae feed on various grasses, including "Leersia virginica", "Erianthus" species, "Muhlenbergia" sp., Bearded Shortgrass ("Brachyelytrum erectum"), "Uniola latifolia", Bottlebrush Grass ("Hystrix patula"), and False Melic Grass ("Schizachne purpurascens").
The species overwinters in the larval stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20316134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316134" title="Qoşabulaq">
Qoşabulaq

Qoşabulaq or Koshabulak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20316141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316141" title="Quebec Writers' Federation Awards">
Quebec Writers' Federation Awards

The Quebec Writers' Federation Awards are a series of Canadian literary awards, presented annually by the Quebec Writers' Federation to the best works of literature in English by writers from Quebec.
Categories.
They are currently presented in seven literary categories:
An annual community award is also presented to a person who has played a significant role in building and supporting Quebec's anglophone writing community.
The awards have been presented annually since 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20316146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316146" title="The Messenger (Daniel Silva novel)">
The Messenger (Daniel Silva novel)

The Messenger (2006) is a spy novel by Daniel Silva.
Plot summary.
When the laptop of a terrorist mastermind falls into the possession of the Office, Gabriel Allon suspects an imminent attack upon the Pope. He warns his friend Luigi Donati, the Pope’s personal secretary, in time to tighten security and personally investigate likely terrorist suspects among the Vatican’s staff. However, the Pope ignores Gabriel’s suggestion that a large outdoor ceremony be moved into an enclosed—and more secure—structure. That disregard proves fatal when three suicide bombers cause more than 700 deaths among worshipers. Gabriel rescues the Pope just as more terrorists arrive to shoot missiles at the Basilica. As the Vatican later researches the disaster, it discovers that its council for improving relations with the Muslim world was little more than a front for inside terrorism.
When the Office places the blame on a powerful terrorist network, terrorists respond by bombing the vehicle of Ari Shamron, the head of the Office and Gabriel’s close friend. As Shamron fights for his life, Gabriel joins a member of the CIA in a secret scheme to infiltrate the vast network of “Zizi,” a terrorism financier linked to both the bombing and the attack on Shamron’s life.
They select Sarah Bancroft, an American art curator with a wealthy European upbringing, to penetrate Zizi’s organization. When she and art dealer Julian Isherwood sell Zizi, an art aficionado, an undiscovered Van Gogh, Zizi takes the bait and hires Sarah as his personal art director. He introduces her to his “family” by inviting her on an idyllic cruise in the Caribbean.
Gabriel and his team tail Sarah with the hope that she’ll be able to identify Ahmed bin Shafiq, the man who orchestrates the many terrorist activities that Zizi funds. However, Gabriel’s team shows too much interest in Sarah, and they quickly arouse the suspicion of Zizi’s professional security team. On the night that Gabriel plans to assassinate bin Shafiq, Zizi’s party preempts his move and takes Sarah hostage.
Sarah is secreted away to Switzerland, where she is heavily drugged with truth serum and forced to reveal the identities of Gabriel’s colleagues. In a desperate race against time, Gabriel’s team locates Sarah, kills her captors, and frees her. She in turn reveals that bin Shafiq, believing her death to be imminent, taunted her by stating that he was on his way to yet another terror operation at the Vatican.
This shred of information sends Gabriel rushing back to Rome on the very day that the President of the United States is scheduled for a historic visit with the Pope. The target of the attack—the President—seems obvious, but Gabriel struggles to identify the operative. In an almost imperceptible move, a member of the elite Swiss Guard shoots two bullets at the President. Donati throws himself in front of the President and sustains critical injuries. Donati’s sudden movement alerts Gabriel, who kills the renegade guardsman before more shots are fired.
Luigi Donati later recovers from the shooting, Ari Shamron survives the bombing and returns to the Office, Julian Isherwood retires, Sarah Bancroft receives a new life and identity from the CIA, Uzi Navot takes over the directorship of the Office’s special operations, and Gabriel Allon rekindles his romance with Chiara Zolli.
Although the elaborate art plot failed, the book ends with two briefly recounted successes: Allon and his team locate and kill both Ahmed bin Shafiq and Zizi.
International titles.
Portuguese: "A Mensageira". ("The Messenger" (female)). (2008). ISBN 9789722515443
Sources.
Silva, Daniel. "The Messenger". Putnam: 2006, 362 pages.

</doc>
<doc id="20316177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316177" title="Zelda's Sweet Shoppe">
Zelda's Sweet Shoppe

Zelda's Sweet Shoppe is a high-end bakery and confectioner located in Skokie, Illinois. It has both a retail location and a wholesale facility, with popular products including biscotti, cookies, caramel corn and chocolates. Zelda's is a kosher manufacturer, certified by the Chicago Rabbinical Council and the Baltimore-based Star-K. The company also produces a popular line of Kosher for Passover baked goods. Zelda's products are sold in supermarkets and specialty stores in the Midwest and the East Coast of the United States, as well as in Central Canada. Several products received awards at the 2008 and 2009 Kosherfest New Products Competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20316184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316184" title="Qoşabulaq, Jabrayil">
Qoşabulaq, Jabrayil

Qoşabulaq (also, Koshabulak) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20316229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316229" title="Héctor Varela">
Héctor Varela

Hector Varela may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20316269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316269" title="The Five Greatest Warriors">
The Five Greatest Warriors

The Five Greatest Warriors is the third thriller novel in the Jack West Jr. series, by the Australian writer Matthew Reilly. 
The book is the third in an Indiana Jones-style action series. The preceding book was "The Six Sacred Stones" which ended in a cliffhanger with archaeologist and ex-soldier Jack West Jr. and his team searching for the last four 
"Vertices of the Machine". 
The series is published by Pan Macmillan and this book was first released on 20 October 2009 in Australia.
Situation at the end of "The Six Sacred Stones".
"The Six Sacred Stones" began the story of Jack West Jr's quest to rebuild the mythical 'Machine' before there is an uninterrupted line between Earth and a zero-point field (The 'Dark Star'), which will wipe out all life on Earth. In order to complete the Machine, West had to locate six oblong diamonds known as 'the pillars', and place them in six underground Vertices at their allotted times. Two pillars had to be placed in December 2007, the remaining four in March 2008, immediately before the arrival of the 'Dark Sun'. However, due to the knowledge of the Machine having been lost over the millennia, West first had to locate the Six Sacred Stones, which give him the information about the Machine he needs. By the end of the book, two pillars had been placed, and the various sacred stones had passed between many groups.
Jack West Jr.
Jack West Jr is the main protagonist of the book. He is Australian and codenamed Huntsman. He is the son of Jonathan West Sr, codenamed Wolf and half brother of Rapier. He was last seen falling into the abyss with the American-Asian Marine A.J.Isaki (Switchblade).
Max Epper.
The second sub-group was in an airfield in Botswana, as they were unable to reach the Second Vertex in time. The group is composed of Prof. Max Epper (aka. Wizard); Zoe Kissane (aka. Princess); Sky Monster (no-one knows his real name); Lily West (Jack West's adopted daughter aka.Eowyn); Ono (a Neetha tribesman from the Congo) and Dr Diane Cassidy (an anthropologist studying the Neetha). The items they have with them are the Seeing Stone of Delphi, and a Neetha inclinometer. They were last seen escaping from a group of South African F-15's
Zahir al Abbas.
Zahir al Abbas (aka. Pooh Bear) is travelling to Israel to rescue his friend, Ben Cohen (aka. Stretch) from the Mossad who have placed a 16 million reward on his head for betraying them.
Wolf.
The main antagonist, Johnathan West Sr, aka. Wolf, holds all the cards at the end. He has the Philosopher's Stone, the Firestone, the Killing Stone of the Maya, and the pillars from the first two Vertices. He has also captured Lily West's friend, Alby Calvin, and leaves him at the Second Vertex.
The Japanese Blood Brotherhood.
The secondary antagonists, who desire to destroy the world to erase Japan's humiliation after World War II, they are led by Epper's colleague, Professor 'Tank' Tanaka, and have the third pillar in their possession.
They try to kill the twins and professor Max Epper
The Five Warriors.
Every identity of the Five Warriors were revealed to be Moses, Jesus, Genghis Khan and Napoleon Bonaparte and the fifth is Jack West Jr himself. Each of the Soldiers/Leaders had, in someway, been involved in the mystery of the capstone/Dark Sun/6 sacred stones; for example, Jesus was described by Reilly as someone who had possession of several pillars within the plot (throughout the book, there were subtle hints of antagonism against the Catholic Church, describing it as a 'sun cult'. Reilly also interpreted a metaphor from the Bible to claim that Jesus had 'carried a sword' and was purely a man who never resurrected from the grave). Genghis Khan held the locations to the entrances to the temples where the pillars must be placed. Jack's role, however, is revealed at the very end of the book to be fighting against his father to save the world from the Dark Sun.
The Six Pillars and their rewards.
The novel revolves around the placement of six Pillars at specific dates and times which coincide with astronomical events. The placement of these Pillars activates the Great Machine, which protects the earth from the deadly rays of the Dark Star/Sun. When these pillars are placed, whoever removes it from the pyramid receives the individual 'reward' of that Pillar.
The First Pillar: "Knowledge".
The First Pillar was in possession of the House of Saud, given to Jack's team by Vulture.
The First Vertex is in Egypt, under Lake Nasser near Abu Simbel and the First Pillar must be placed there on 10 December 2007 at 6:12am, during a Titanic Rising. The Reward for the placement of this pillar is Knowledge, which is revealed to be technical knowledge. Alby translates the four sides of the pillar, with Lily's help, and discovers that one side is a variety of the carbon matrix, a super strong and extremely lightweight form of carbon fibre. Another side is revealed to be a map of Sirius and its two companion stars, one of which is a zero-point field like the Dark Sun. The Third side of the pillar contains the solution to the Universe Expansion Problem, while the final side is not explained.
The Second Pillar: "Heat".
The Second Pillar was in possession of the Neetha tribe, in the deep jungles of the Congo.
The Vertex of the Second Pillar is in South Africa, beneath the Cape of Good Hope. The Second Pillar must be placed one week after the First on 17 December 2007 sometime around 2:55am, again during a Titanic Rising. The Reward for the placement of this pillar is Heat, which is believed to be the secret to Perpetual motion and an endless energy source.
The Third Pillar: "Sight".
The Third Pillar was located in a trap system within the Third Vertex.
The Third Vertex is located on the north-west coast of the Japanese island of Hokkaido. Its Pillar must be placed on 11 March 2008 at 12:05am, during a Titanic Rising. The Reward for the laying of this pillar is Sight, the ability to see the death of the person whose blood is on the Pillar.
The Fourth Pillar: "Life".
The Fourth Pillar was in the possession of the British Royal family and was handed to Pooh Bear, Stretch and the Twins in an attempt to lay it.
The Fourth Vertex is at Lundy Island, Bristol Channel. The Fourth and Fifth Pillars must be placed at the same time: 2:10am on 18 March 2008. The Fourth Pillar's Reward is Life, its function is not determined in the book, but is possibly the ability to bring people back from the dead.
The Fifth Pillar: "Death".
The Fifth Pillar was in joint possession of the Russian Romanovs and the Danish Royal Family until it came to be with Carnivore. He handed the Pillar to Jack West and Lily in an attempt to lay it successfully.
The Fifth Vertex lies under the U.S Naval base at Diego Garcia, Indian Ocean. The Fourth and Fifth Pillars must be placed at the same time: 2:10am on 18 March 2008. The Reward for the Fifth pillar is Death, some thought its reward was a weapon; the gift of dealing death to the holder's enemies.
The Sixth Pillar: "Power".
The Sixth Pillar was found in the fictional tomb of Jesus Christ in some salt mines in southern Israel.
The Sixth and last Vertex is beneath the Ahu Vai Mata on the most north-westerly point of Easter Island, Pacific Ocean The Final Pillar must be placed on 20 March 2008, at 6:00pm, during the Dual Equinox: when both our Sun and its twin, the Dark Sun, will be shining on the Vertex at Easter Island. The Reward for the placement of the Sixth Pillar is Power, which grants whoever is holding the charged Pillar whatever they wish, be it world domination, the death of an enemy or the destruction of cities, on the whim of the holder.
Synopsis.
The story starts with Jack's fall from the Vertex under Table Mountain with the suicidal Marine Switchblade, and his escape with the aid of Switchblade's Maghook, a staple of many of Reilly's works. He quickly reunites with the rest of his team at Little McDonald Island.
The dates for the placement of the six pillars sees a three-month window between the second and third placements. Jack and Zoe use the interim period to help Pooh Bear in the rescue of Stretch from the Israeli Mossad. In a Roman ruin located under Israel's most secret facility, they find Stretch subjected to a hellish treatment: kept alive in a tank of formaldehyde by General Muniz, a Mossad spymaster. Stretch was to be the latest addition in Muniz's private collection of "living trophies", a practice pioneered by a former KGB operative. Stretch is subsequently liberated and the party makes their escape.
Jack learns of The Five Greatest Warriors from Diane Cassidy, five key members of history who would influence the sacred stones and their whereabouts. They set about locating the third pillar and its matching Vertex. Following a connection to Genghis Khan, the party sets out for Mongolia. They locate the Khan's tomb under a false mound that covered a meteor crater. In the bowels of the fortress, they find a petrified dinosaur egg painted with images of the six temples that house the Verticies. The Japanese Blood Brotherhood attempt to stop Jack and Wolf from finding the next temple by destroying the egg, and Wizard is killed by Wolf in their escape. Realising that Genghis's shield also carries the images carved on the egg, Jack and his team race to the northern tip of Hokkaido.
Japan attempts to stop them from entering the temple - which can only be done so in the middle of a tsunami - but Jack and his father form an uneasy truce and agree to place the third pillar together. Negotiating a maze set above a lake of lava, they successfully place the pillar. Several Japanese snipers very nearly kill them, and in the firefight, Jack and his father receive a vision of Jack's death from the pillar: what appears to be a fiery accident involving a falling aircraft. Wolf decides to let Jack go free after Jack saves his life. Unfortunately, all involved are captured by a group of Russians. At the same time, Jack's friends are picked up from their various assignments around the world.
Everyone is taken to a dam in far eastern Siberia, where they meet Carnivore, General Muniz's friend and the creator of the "living tombs". Carnivore is the last of the House of Romanov, and the leader of the coalition of royal houses in Europe. Diane Cassidy is also revealed to be one of his agents. After forcing Jack to fight his half-brother to the death, the Carnivore subjects Jack's friends to his hellish prison cells to encourage him to place the fourth and fifth pillars. Without a choice, Jack agrees. The Carnivore makes a similar arrangement with Mao Gongli, Scimitar and Vulture, holding their loved ones hostage and sending them out to find the sixth and final pillar.
The fourth and fifth pillars must be placed simultaneously. Jack, Lily and Iolanthe make for Diego Garcia while Pooh Bear, Stretch and the Adamson twins go to Lundy Island. Shortly after they place their pillars, Carnivore and Cassidy abandon their Siberian base and their victims, leaving them to die. Wolf escapes and gives pursuit, heading for Easter Island. Meanwhile, Jack, Lily and Iolanthe return to Israel, where they locate the (occupied) Tomb of Jesus Christ, the bearer of the sixth and final pillar, in a salt mine near Ein Aradhim. After Pooh Bear is forced to kill Scimitar and Vulture, Jack himself makes for Easter Island aboard a heavily damaged "Halicarnassus". Meanwhile, the Dark Sun enters the edge of the solar system and planet earth is subjected to extreme weather conditions.
Unable to land his plane, Jack crash-lands in the entrance to the Easter Island shrine. Unable to catch either Wolf or the Carnivore in the ten minutes remaining until the final pillar must be placed, Jack uses the remains of the Halicarnassus to cover the ground between himself and Carnivore. Jack kills the former KGB operative with the plane's sole remaining gun, which literally blasts him to nothingness. Lily, the only person Jack trusts - not least of all because she is the only one who can read the Word of Thoth - carries out the final placement. The reward for the sixth pillar is power, the ability to make one's thoughts a reality. Imbued with the power of the pillar, Lily goes on a murderous rampage, killing Cassidy and Mao Gongli in a grotesque fashion before Jack is able to stop her. As the Great Machine activates and the world is saved from the Dark Sun, Jack kicks the pillar into the void beneath the Vertex. Wolf gives chase, but the Halicarnassus causes the balcony overlooking the void to collapse, and he falls to his death as he chases the pillar. We learn that because it was Wolf's blood and not Jack's on the third pillar in Hokkaido, it was a vision of Wolf's death that Jack saw. Jack and Lily leave Easter Island, returning to Siberia in time to free their friends and the Carnivore's victims from the fomaldehyde tanks.
The epilogue sees Jack and Zoe married and living in Australia with Lily. The five surviving pillars remain hidden, with Jack reporting that they had been lost or destroyed over the course of their mission. Zoe discerns that the fifth Greatest Warrior - whose identity had gone unknown because of his role to play in the potential apocalypse - was actually Jack, and the story ends.
Possible Future Books.
In the interview at the end of the book, the question "You've already written Seven Ancient Wonders, Six Sacred Stones and the Five Greatest Warriors. will the Jack West Jr series of books count down all the way to the One...?" was asked.
After a short explanation, Reilly states that he will probably write "The Four Something Somethings" and could very well work down to "The One Something Something", so it is very likely that there are still novels in the series yet to come.
On page 182 of Six Sacred Stones, the bottom paragraph reads "There were other carvings, including one of four throned kings sitting shoulder-to-shoulder and flanked by five standing warriors, but Jack ignored them." It's possible, considering that the sequel to Six Sacred Stones was called Five Greatest Warriors, that the next book could be called "The Four 'Something' Kings"

</doc>
<doc id="20316275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316275" title="Thomas Nagle">
Thomas Nagle

Thomas Alexander Nagle was an Irish Labour Party politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork Mid, North, South, South East and West constituency at the 1922 general election. He was re-elected at the 1923 general election for the Cork North constituency. He lost his seat at the June 1927 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20316311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316311" title="Xubyarlı">
Xubyarlı

Xubyarlı may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20316315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316315" title="Dharampur (disambiguation)">
Dharampur (disambiguation)

Dharampur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20316339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316339" title="Eastern Mediterranean">
Eastern Mediterranean

The Eastern Mediterranean denotes the countries geographically to the east of the Mediterranean Sea. This region is commonly interpreted in two ways:
The eastern Mediterraneanpopulations share not only the geographic position, but cuisine, some customs, and a very long history. 
The countries and territories of the Eastern Mediterranean include, 

</doc>
<doc id="20316342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316342" title="Clifford the Big Red Dog (TV series)">
Clifford the Big Red Dog (TV series)

Clifford the Big Red Dog is an American-British animated children's television series, based upon Norman Bridwell's famous children's book series of the same name. Produced by Scholastic Studios, it originally aired on PBS Kids from September 4, 2000 to February 25, 2003.
Clifford was the runt of the litter, and was chosen by a city child named Emily Elizabeth Howard as her birthday present. No one expected Clifford to grow, but Emily Elizabeth's love for her tiny red puppy changed Clifford dramatically. Clifford became a very big dog he was over 25 feet (7.6 m) tall. He was so large that it forced the Howard family to leave the city and move to the open spaces of Birdwell Island.
"Clifford the Big Red Dog" was one of many Kids shows designed to teach children a number of life lessons. Two 15-minute stories made up each half-hour cartoon. Usually one story featured Clifford and his canine friends, T-Bone and Cleo among them; the other story would focus on Emily Elizabeth and friends her age. One principle was kept religiously: the dogs talked only when humans were not present; otherwise, they only barked.
Veteran actor John Ritter voiced Clifford in all episodes. This was originally done by Brent Titcomb in the series that debuted in 1988 and ran into the early 1990s. Generally speaking, his schedule dictated the production of "Clifford the Big Red Dog". By the time the last of the 68 half-hour cartoons and the movie were completed, Ritter was back on ABC's prime-time schedule, starring in "8 Simple Rules". Ritter's death on September 11, 2003 came less than a week before PBS debuted "Clifford's Puppy Days", a function of keeping Clifford's legacy going.
While no new "Clifford" episodes have been released since Ritter's death in 2003, voice actors for the main characters have reprised some of their roles for the "Ready to Learn" 
The film "Clifford's Really Big Movie" serves as the series finale due to Ritter's death, as no new episodes were made to continue where it left off.
1988 Series.
This series was produced by Mendelson-Melendez Productions with Nelvana, Wang Film Productions, Family Home Entertainment and Scholastic Studios. The Nelvana logo has a gradient background and it came from the famous Peanuts cartoon team of Bill Melendez and Lee Mendelson, giving them a look similar to the Peanuts cartoons on this direct-to-video series. Clifford was voiced by Brent Titcomb. Emily Elizabeth was voiced by Alyson Court. Each video had a 'Clifford's Fun With...' injected at the start of the title.
2000 Series.
This series was only produced by Mike Young Productions and Scholastic Studios. John Ritter voices Clifford on this series before his death in 2003. Grey DeLisle voices Emily Elizabeth. She would reprise this role in the spin-off "Clifford's Puppy Days".
Executive Producers.
Deborah Forte, Gary Conrad
Film.
In 2004, Warner Bros. made a feature length animated film as the series finale. It was titled "Clifford's Really Big Movie". It was about Clifford, Cleo, T-Bone, and Emily Elizibeth joining a circus to win a lifetime supply of dog food to provide for Clifford. This was John Ritter's last film as he had died on September 11, 2003, after completing voice work for the film as Clifford. The film was dedicated to his memory. The movie also stars Wayne Brady as Shackleford the Ferret, Judge Reinhold as Amazing Larry, John Goodman as J.T Wolfsbottom, and Jenna Elfman as Daisy the Cow.

</doc>
<doc id="20316346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316346" title="Kərəmli">
Kərəmli

Kərəmli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20316365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316365" title="Cristina Marocco">
Cristina Marocco

Cristina Marocco (born 21 March 1972 in Turin, Italy) is an Italian singer and actress.
Biography.
Cristina Marocco's father had Sicilian origin; some believe that one of his grandparents came from Morocco; for this reason he was called "Marocco", which means "Morocco" in the Italian language.
Cristina Marocco became famous as an actress in her home country. She met Marc Lavoine and recorded with him the song "J'ai tout oublié", which became a huge hit in France and 2001. Marocco worked then on her first album, and her first single from this album, "Appelle-moi", was released in May 2003. Her album "À côté du soleil" was released a few months later. On this album, Lara Fabian wrote the song "Faire semblant". In 2008, she came out with her latest album, "Je te dirais que tout est beau". The video clip Le Parfum, appeals the French public. This video was shot in one of the most paris prestigious hotel, the champs elysees plaza hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="20316377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316377" title="Prince Fakhruddin of Egypt">
Prince Fakhruddin of Egypt

Prince Fakhruddin of Egypt was born in Rabat on 25 August 1987, and he is the son of the last King of Egypt and Sudan, Fuad II, by his wife, Fadila ("née" Dominique-France Picard). Currently studying law at the Sorbonne where he pursues a training in public law general.

</doc>
<doc id="20316400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316400" title="Robert Day (Irish politician)">
Robert Day (Irish politician)

Robert Day (1885–1949) was an Irish Labour Party politician and trade union official. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork Borough constituency at the 1922 general election. He lost his seat at the 1923 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20316461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316461" title="United States v. Glaxo Group Ltd.">
United States v. Glaxo Group Ltd.

United States v. Glaxo Group Ltd., , is a decision of the United States Supreme Court in which the Court held that (1) when a patent is directly involved in an antitrust violation, the Government may challenge the validity of the patent; and (2) ordinarily, in patent-antitrust cases, “andatory selling on specified terms and compulsory patent licensing at reasonable charges are recognized antitrust remedies.”
Background.
Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI) and Glaxo Group Ltd. (Glaxo) each owned patents covering various aspects of the antifungal drug griseofulvin. They “pooled” the patents (that is, cross-licensed one another), subject to express licensing restrictions that the chemical from which the “finished” form of the drug (tablets and capsules) was made must not be resold in bulk form. ICI and Glaxo licensed three “brand name” drug companies to make and sell the drug in finished form only. The purpose of this restriction was to keep the drug chemical out of the hands of small companies that might act as price-cutters, and the effect was to maintain stable, uniform prices.
The Department of Justice Antitrust Division sued, alleging violations of § 1 of the Sherman Act and also alleging that the patents were invalid. The district court granted summary judgment against the defendants on the antitrust charges, but dismissed the invalidity claims on the ground that the Government lacked standing to challenge patent validity. The district court also denied the Government’s request for mandatory selling of the bulk chemical and compulsory licensing, on reasonable terms. The Government then appealed to the Supreme Court.
Opinion of the Court.
Standing.
The Court observed that the defendants had been adjudged to be antitrust violators. The Court said that while “we do not recognize unlimited authority in the Government to attack a patent by basing an antitrust claim on the simple assertion that the patent is invalid,” whether the patents are valid or invalid could significantly affect what remedies were appropriate. Therefore, when the Government presents substantial claims for relief, a court should entertain the Government’s validity challenge.
Relief.
The Court noted that mandatory sales and reasonable royalty compulsory licensing were “well established forms of relief when necessary to an effective remedy, particularly where patents have provided the leverage for or have contributed to the antitrust violation adjudicated.” Here, the evidence showed that the patents “gave the appellees the economic leverage with which to insist upon and enforce the bulk-sales.” Reasonable royalty licensing was necessary to assure competitive access to the input factor for production of the drug. In addition, both mandatory sales of “bulk-form griseofulvin on reasonable and nondiscriminatory terms’ and grants of “patent licenses at reasonable-royalty rates to all bona fide applicants’ were necessary in order to "’pry open to competition’ the griseofulvin market that ‘has been closed by defendants' illegal restraints.’"
Subsequent developments.
The "Glaxo" case was brought, initially, as a test case on government standing to challenge patent validity—a vehicle for overturning or at least limiting the 1897 decision of the Supreme Court in "United States v. Bell Tel. Co." Substantively, "Glaxo" was one of a series of antitrust challenges against patent license restrictions on the sale of bulk drugs. Such restrictions were used to keep the bulk chemical form of drugs out of the hands of generic drug houses and other potential price-cutters, so that "finished" drug prices could be maintained at high levels. (The Supreme Court's statement of the facts in its "Glaxo" opinion explains this point.) 
In preparing the case for trial, government counsel sought to determine what defenses the defendants would assert to justify their use of the restriction—presumably health and safety arguments, as had been advanced in other similar cases. However, the District of Columbia federal trial court, where the case had been filed, at that time had a very strong rule against permitting "contention" interrogatories. After a series of adverse rulings on discovery motions (not officially reported) by the magistrate in charge of pretrial, government counsel realized that it would not be possible to force the defendants to disclose what their defenses at trial would be. Therefore, solely to "smoke out" the defenses, government counsel filed a series of summary judgment motions—which normally force an opposing party to disclose whatever it has available to prevent entry of judgment against it. It was not anticipated that the motions would prevail, because it was expectable that the defendants would then assert factual defenses raising issues precluding any grant of summary judgment. That did not occur.
The defendants asserted no health and safety or other factual defenses. The district court then granted three summary judgment motions in the government's favor on the issue of antitrust violation, granted the defendants' motion to dismiss the patent validity challenges, and denied any significant relief. The case then went to the Supreme Court on a record consisting of legal briefs and supporting affidavits, without live testimony: there had not been a single day of trial in the usual sense—nothing but legal argumentation.
After the Supreme Court's decision, the government found itself possessed of a new power to challenge antirust defendants' patents. However, the government did not rush to exploit this power. It appears that only one reported decision has involved a patent validity challenge based on the doctrine of the "Glaxo" case.

</doc>
<doc id="20316469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316469" title="André Vianco">
André Vianco

André Vianco (São Paulo) is a Brazilian writer of popular horror fiction.
Biography.
He was born in state of São Paulo and grew up in Osasco. His supernatural work mixes terror, thriller, fantasy and romance in stories that usually include vampires. He had sold 500,000 books by 2012.
Before embracing Vianco as his artistic last name Andre started writing comedies to the Radio Station Jovem Pan. He became an editor in this station and worked with them for two years. He wrote under the pen name of Samuel Forte.
He used to read the work of several authors, such as Stephen King and Eiji Yoshikawa. He also says that it was not a specific book that made him decide becoming an author himself, but just the pleasure itself. When he would write his ideas, he would get impressed and enjoy the results, if he didn't write down his ideas it was almost like ghosts or creatures would surround and bother his mind.
In 1999 after being fired from a credit card company, Andre used the money he got from the last job to print 1000 copies of his first best seller, "Os Sete" (The Seven). In 2000 he was the responsible to promote his own books in bookstores and publishing companies. In 2001 Novo Seculo Publishing Company was interested in his work and re-published "Os Sete". Since this time the partnership between Andre Vianco and Novo Seculo is bringing forth more and more books.
The book "Os Sete" was created directly from his first novel, "O Senhor da Chuva" (The Lord of Rain) (1998).

</doc>
<doc id="20316481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316481" title="Fredric Drum">
Fredric Drum

Fredric Drum is a fictional character who appears in works by the Norwegian author Gert Nygårdshaug, the protagonist of ten crime fiction novels published over the course of 21 years. Outside Norway the "Fredric Drum" series has been published in Denmark, Germany and Poland.
Character.
The character Fredric Drum is a gourmet master chef, a connoisseur of fine wine, the proprietor of a small Michelin-starred restaurant in Oslo named "Kasserollen", a cryptographer, and an amateur detective with a strong sense of curiosity. His adventures frequently take place in exotic locations such as France, Østerdalen, Italy, Egypt, Mexico and New Guinea, and with considerable focus on various ancient cultures, such as the Minoan civilisation or Ancient Egypt, whose myths and archaeological mysteries Drum are frequently drawn to.
Drum's uncle, Skarphedin Olsen, is a police investigator with the National Criminal Investigation Service.
Response.
The series has been called among Norwegian crime literature's most playful and original. Critics have claimed to identify references in the series to works by other authors such as Knut Hamsun and Umberto Eco.
With a stated target of completing ten books of the series, Nygårdshaug published the final "Fredric Drum" novel in 2006, and it was consensus among critics that the series maintained the same level of quality to the very end.
Though Nygårdshaug has worked within a wide range of genres throughout his career including poetry and children's literature, and won a people's award for "Best Norwegian Book of All Time" with "Mengele Zoo", he is arguably best known for his "Fredric Drum" series. 
In the wake of the series' success, there has been arranged theme tours with Nygårdshaug, "in the footsteps of Fredric Drum", to Saint-Émilion.

</doc>
<doc id="20316485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316485" title="Kittanning Coal">
Kittanning Coal

Kittanning coal refers to coal seams in the Kittanning cyclothem of the Pennsylvanian Epoch. The Lower Kittanning is coal number 5, while the Middle Kittanning is coal number 6. These were and are economically important coal seams in the Appalachian area. The Middle Kittanning is at about surface level in the valleys of Monday Creek and Sunday Creek in southeastern Ohio, but become much deeper going east. Many villages in southeast Ohio grew up around the mining of the Middle Kittanning. Many of these are known as the "Little Cities of Black Diamonds."

</doc>
<doc id="20316487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316487" title="Christian Wilhelm Niedner">
Christian Wilhelm Niedner

Christian Wilhelm Niedner (August 9, 1797 – August 13, 1865) was a German church historian and theologian who was a native of Oberwinkel, which today is part of the town of Waldenburg, Saxony.
He studied theology at the University of Leipzig, where in 1826 he received his habilitation. In 1829 he was appointed associate professor, and in 1838 became a full professor of theology at Leipzig. From 1845 he was head of the Leipzig Historical and Theological Society. In 1850 he resigned his professorship and moved to Wittenberg, where he focused on private studies. In 1859 Niedner was appointed professor of historical theology at Berlin, and was also "Consistorialrath" to the Province of Brandenburg. 
His best written effort was the highly regarded "Geschichte der christlichen Kirche" (History of the Christian Church); (1846, second edition- 1866). Also, he was editor of the journal "Zeitschrift für historische Theologie" (Journal of Historical Theology).

</doc>
<doc id="20316490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316490" title="Dalqılınclı">
Dalqılınclı

Dalqılınclı is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20316491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316491" title="Daşbulaq, Kalbajar">
Daşbulaq, Kalbajar

Daşbulaq is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20316492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316492" title="Günəşli, Kalbajar">
Günəşli, Kalbajar

Günəşli is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20316495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316495" title="Hacıkənd, Kalbajar">
Hacıkənd, Kalbajar

Hacıkənd is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20316501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316501" title="Mollabayramlı">
Mollabayramlı

Mollabayramlı is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20316521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316521" title="Kərəmli, Kalbajar">
Kərəmli, Kalbajar

Kərəmli is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20316538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316538" title="Robert Day">
Robert Day

Robert Day may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20316552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316552" title="Heckler &amp; Koch SL6">
Heckler &amp; Koch SL6

The Heckler & Koch SL6 is a roller-delayed blowback operated sporting carbine made by Heckler & Koch. It is manufactured in 5.56×45mm caliber. The design was originally based on the HK 630 sporting rifle and is essentially a shorter-barreled version of that rifle. It was marketed throughout the world as a hunting/utility rifle.
Design and operation.
The roller-delayed blowback action is similar to that used in the G3 battle rifle and is the hallmark feature of Heckler and Koch's pre-G36 line of small arms. The four groove barrel features polygonal rifling with a right-hand twist of 1 in 10.6 inches. The chamber is fluted with 12 longitudinal flutes extending rearward from the baffle to the chamber face. These flutes permit propellant gases to flow around the case acting as a lubricant to ease extraction. The SL6 has a diopter sighting system and utilizes Heckler and Koch's proprietary HK 05 claw-type scope mount. Two rectangular recesses have been cut into the upper receiver to accept this mount.
Replacement.
The H&K SL6 is no longer manufactured, having been replaced by the H&K SLB 2000. The H&K SL7 is a variant chambered in 7.62×51mm caliber. The H&K SL6A2 variant is essentially the same rifle; however, the SL6A2 includes a flash hider and offers a two round burst selector.

</doc>
<doc id="20316557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316557" title="Ləmbəran">
Ləmbəran

Ləmbəran is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20316605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316605" title="Kermit Wahl">
Kermit Wahl

Kermit Emerson Wahl was a Major League Baseball infielder. He played all or part of five seasons in the major leagues, between and , for the Cincinnati Reds, Philadelphia Athletics and St. Louis Browns.

</doc>
<doc id="20316607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316607" title="Heckler &amp; Koch SL7">
Heckler &amp; Koch SL7

The H&K SL7 is a roller-delayed blowback operated sporting carbine made by Heckler & Koch. It is manufactured in 7.62×51mm caliber. It was designed and marketed throughout the world as a hunting/utility rifle.
The SL7 is no longer manufactured, having been replaced by the H&K SLB 2000.
Variants.
The H&K SL6 is similar in appearance to the H&K SL7, but is chambered for the 5.56×45mm caliber.
The H&K 770, a sporting rifle variant of the H&K SL7, lacked the wooden handguard of the SL7 and was equipped with a longer barrel, open rear leaf sights, and sporting-style buttstock

</doc>
<doc id="20316668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316668" title="Viorel Tănase">
Viorel Tănase

Viorel Tănase (born 7 October 1970) is a retired Romanian football player, currently a manager.

</doc>
<doc id="20316671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316671" title="Jujutsu">
Jujutsu

Jujutsu (; , ) is a Japanese martial art and a method of close combat for defeating an armed and armored opponent in which one uses no weapon or only a short weapon. The word jujutsu can be spelled as ju-jitsu/jujitsu, ju-jutsu.
"Jū" can be translated to mean "gentle, soft, supple, flexible, pliable, or yielding." "Jutsu" can be translated to mean "art" or "technique" and represents manipulating the opponent's force against himself rather than confronting it with one's own force. Jujutsu developed among the samurai of feudal Japan as a method for defeating an armed and armored opponent in which one uses no weapon, or only a short weapon. Because striking against an armored opponent proved ineffective, practitioners learned that the most efficient methods for neutralizing an enemy took the form of pins, joint locks, and throws. These techniques were developed around the principle of using an attacker's energy against him, rather than directly opposing it.
There are many variations of the art, which leads to a diversity of approaches. Jujutsu schools ("ryū") may utilize all forms of grappling techniques to some degree (i.e. throwing, trapping, joint locks, holds, gouging, biting, disengagements, striking, and kicking). In addition to jujutsu, many schools teach the use of weapons.
Today, jujutsu is practiced in both traditional and modern sport forms. Derived sport forms include the Olympic sport and martial art of judo, which was developed by Kanō Jigorō in the late 19th century from several traditional styles of jujutsu, and Brazilian jiu-jitsu, which was in turn derived from earlier (pre–World War II) versions of Kodokan judo.
History.
Origins.
Jujutsu first began during the Sengoku period of the Muromachi period in 1532 and was founded by Takenouchi Hisamori, a military tactician and lord from Mimasaka Province. Takenouchi combined various Japanese martial arts which were used on the battlefield for close combat in situations where weapons were ineffective. In contrast to the neighbouring nations of China and Okinawa whose martial arts were centered around striking techniques, Japanese hand to hand combat forms focused heavily upon throwing, immobilising, joint-locks and choking as striking techniques were ineffective towards someone wearing armor on the battlefield. The original forms of jujutsu such as Takenouchi-ryū also extensively taught parrying and counterattacking long weapons such as swords or spears via a dagger or other small weapon. In the early 17th century during the Edo period, jujutsu would continue to evolve due to the strict laws which were imposed by the Tokugawa shogunate to reduce war as influenced by the Chinese social philosophy of Neo-Confucianism which was obtained during Hideyoshi's invasions of Korea and spread throughout Japan via scholars such as Fujiwara Seika. During this new ideology weapons and armor became unused decorative items, so hand to hand combat flourished as a form of self-defense and new techniques were created to adapt to the changing situation of unarmored opponents. This included the development of various striking techniques in jujutsu which expanded upon the limited striking previously found in jujutsu which targeted vital areas above the shoulders such as the eyes, throat and back of the neck. However towards the 18th century the number of striking techniques was severely reduced as they were considered less effective and exert too much energy; instead striking in jujutsu primarily became used as a way to distract your opponent or to unbalance him in lead up to a joint-lock, strangle or throw. During the same period the numerous jujutsu schools would challenge each other to duels which became a popular pastime for warriors under a peaceful unified government, from these challenges randori was created to practice without risk of breaking the law and the various styles of each school evolved from combating each other without intention to kill.
The term "jūjutsu" was not coined until the 17th century, after which time it became a blanket term for a wide variety of grappling-related disciplines and techniques. Prior to that time, these skills had names such as , , , , , , and even the (as early as 1724, almost two centuries before Kanō Jigorō founded the modern art of Kodokan Judo).
Today, the systems of unarmed combat that were developed and practiced during the Muromachi period (1333–1573) are referred to collectively as . At this period in history, the systems practiced were not systems of unarmed combat, but rather means for an unarmed or lightly armed warrior to fight a heavily armed and armored enemy on the battlefield. In battle, it was often impossible for a samurai to use his long sword, and would therefore be forced to rely on his short sword, dagger, or bare hands. When fully armored, the effective use of such "minor" weapons necessitated the employment of grappling skills.
Methods of combat (as mentioned above) included striking (kicking and punching), throwing (body throws, joint-lock throws, unbalance throws), restraining (pinning, strangling, grappling, wrestling) and weaponry. Defensive tactics included blocking, evading, off-balancing, blending and escaping. Minor weapons such as the "tantō" (knife), "ryofundo kusari" (weighted chain), "kabuto wari" (helmet smasher), and "kakushi buki" (secret or disguised weapons) were almost always included in Sengoku jujutsu.
Development.
In later times, other koryu developed into systems more familiar to the practitioners of "Nihon jujutsu" commonly seen today. These are correctly classified as "Edo jūjutsu" (founded during the Edo period): they generally designed to deal with opponents neither wearing armor nor in a battlefield environment. Most systems of Edo jujutsu include extensive use of "atemi waza" (vital-striking technique), which would be of little use against an armored opponent on a battlefield. They would, however, be quite valuable in confronting an enemy or opponent during peacetime dressed in normal street attire (referred to as "suhada bujutsu"). Occasionally, inconspicuous weapons such as tantō (daggers) or tessen (iron fans) were included in the curriculum of Edo jūjutsu.
Another seldom-seen historical side is a series of techniques originally included in both Sengoku and Edo jujutsu systems. Referred to as "hojo waza" ( hojojutsu, "torinawa jutsu", "nawa jutsu", "hayanawa" and others), it involves the use of a hojo cord, (sometimes the "sageo" or "tasuke") to restrain or strangle an attacker. These techniques have for the most part faded from use in modern times, but Tokyo police units still train in their use and continue to carry a hojo cord in addition to handcuffs. The very old Takenouchi-ryu is one of the better-recognized systems that continue extensive training in hojo waza. Since the establishment of the Meiji period with the abolishment of the Samurai and the wearing of swords, the ancient tradition of "Yagyu Shingan Ryu" (Sendai and Edo lines) has focused much towards the jujutsu (Yawara) contained in its syllabus.
Many other legitimate Nihon jujutsu ryu exist but are not considered koryu (ancient traditions). These are called either Gendai Jujutsu or modern jujutsu. Modern jujutsu traditions were founded after or towards the end of the Tokugawa period (1868), when more than 2000 schools (ryu) of jūjutsu existed. Various traditional ryu and ryuha that are commonly thought of as koryu jujutsu are actually gendai jūjutsu. Although modern in formation, very few gendai jujutsu systems have direct historical links to ancient traditions and are incorrectly referred to as traditional martial systems or ryu. Their curriculum reflects an obvious bias towards Edo jūjutsu systems as opposed to the Sengoku jūjutsu systems. The improbability of confronting an armor-clad attacker is the reason for this bias.
Over time, Gendai jujutsu has been embraced by law enforcement officials worldwide and continues to be the foundation for many specialized systems used by police. Perhaps the most famous of these specialized police systems is the Keisatsujutsu (police art) "Taiho jutsu" (arresting art) system formulated and employed by the Tokyo Police Department.
Jujutsu techniques have been the basis for many military unarmed combat techniques (including British/US/Russian special forces and SO1 police units) for many years.
There are many forms of sport jujutsu, the original and most popular being judo, now an Olympic sport. One of the most common is mixed-style competitions, where competitors apply a variety of strikes, throws, and holds to score points. There are also kata competitions, where competitors of the same style perform techniques and are judged on their performance. There are also freestyle competitions, where competitors take turns attacking each other, and the defender is judged on performance. Another more recent form of competition growing much more popular in Europe is the Random Attack form of competition, which is similar to Randori but more formalised.
Description.
Japanese jujutsu systems typically emphasis more on throwing, immobilizing and pinning, joint-locking, choking, and strangling techniques as compared with other martial arts systems such as karate. "Atemi-waza" (striking techniques) were seen as less important in most older Japanese systems, since samurai body armor protected against many striking techniques. The Chinese "quanfa/ch'uan-fa" (kenpo or kung fu) systems focus on punching, striking, and kicking more than jujutsu.
The Japanese systems of "hakuda", kenpo, and "shubaku" display some degree of Chinese influence in their emphasis on striking techniques. In comparison, systems that derive more directly from Japanese sources show less preference for such techniques. However, a few jujutsu schools likely have "some" Chinese influence in their development. Jujutsu ryu vary widely in their techniques, and many do include significant emphasis on striking techniques, though in some styles only as set-ups for their grappling techniques.
In jujutsu, practitioners train in the use of many potentially fatal moves. However, because students mostly train in a non-competitive environment, risk is minimized. Students are taught break falling skills to allow them to safely practice otherwise dangerous throws.
The word Jujutsu can be broken down into two parts. "Ju" is a concept. The idea behind this meaning of Ju is "to be gentle", "to give way", "to yield", "to blend", "to move out of harm's way". "Jutsu" is the principle or "the action" part of Ju-Jutsu. In Japanese this word means science or art.
Schools and derivatives and others.
Because jujutsu contains so many facets, it has become the foundation for a variety of styles and derivations today. As each instructor incorporated new techniques and tactics into what was taught to him originally, he could codify and create his own ryu (school) or Federation to help other instructors, schools and clubs. Some of these schools modified the source material so much that they no longer considered themselves a style of jujutsu.
Old schools.
In around 1600 there were over 2000 Japanese jujutsu ryu, and common features characterized most of them. Specific technical characteristics varied from school to school. Many of the generalizations noted above do not hold true for some schools of jujutsu. Old schools of Japanese jujutsu include:
Derivatives and influences.
Some examples of martial arts that have developed from or have been influenced by jujutsu are: aikido, bartitsu, hapkido, judo (and thence Brazilian jiu-jitsu and sambo), kajukenbo, kapap, kenpo, and Sanjuro.
Some schools also went on to influence modern Japanese karate and aiki styles. A major Japanese divergence occurred in 1905 when a number of jujutsu schools joined the Kodokan. The syllabi of those schools were unified under Kanō Jigorō to form Judo. The relationships between schools and styles can be complex. For example, the Wado-ryu school of karate is partially descended from Shindō Yōshin-ryū jujutsu, itself in turn influenced by Okinawan karate.
Aikido.
Aikido is a modern martial art developed in the 1910s and 1930s by Morihei Ueshiba from the system of Daitō-ryū Aiki-jūjutsu techniques to focus on the spiritual principle of harmony which distinguishes Budō from Bujutsu. Ueshiba was an accomplished student of Takeda Sokaku. Aikido is a systemic refinement of defensive techniques from Aiki-Jujutsu in ways that are intended to prevent harm to either the attacker (Uke) or the defender (Nage). Aikido evolved much during Ueshiba's lifetime, so earlier styles (such as Yoshinkan and Yoseikan) are more like the original Aiki-Jujutsu than what Ueshiba stressed towards the end of his life in what is now known as taught by the Aikikai organization, and derived styles such as Iwama Ryu Aikido.
Bartitsu.
Jujutsu was first introduced to Europe in 1898 by Edward William Barton-Wright, who had studied Tenjin Shinyō-ryū and Shinden Fudo Ryu in Yokohama and Kobe, respectively. He had also trained briefly at the Kodokan in Tokyo. Upon returning to England he folded the basics of all of these styles, as well as boxing, savate French kick boxing, and forms of stick fighting, into an eclectic self-defence system called Bartitsu.
Judo.
Modern judo is the classic example of a sport that derived from jujutsu and became distinct. Many who study judo believe as Kano did, that judo is not a sport but a self-defense system creating a pathway towards peace and universal harmony. Another layer removed, some popular arts had instructors who studied one of these jujutsu derivatives and later made their own derivative succeed in competition. This created an extensive family of martial arts and sports that can trace their lineage to jujutsu in some part.
The way an opponent is dealt with also depends on the teacher's philosophy with regard to combat. This translates also in different styles or schools of jujutsu. Because in jujutsu every conceivable technique is allowed (including biting, hair-pulling, eye-gouging, and striking the groin), there is unlimited choice of techniques. By contrast, judo emphasizes grappling and throwing, while karate, emphasizes punching or kicking.
Not all jujutsu was used in sporting contests, but the practical use in the samurai world ended circa 1890. Techniques like hair-pulling and eye-poking were and are not considered acceptable in sport, thus they are excluded from judo competitions or randori. However, Judo did preserve the more lethal, dangerous techniques in its kata. The kata were intended to be practiced by students of all grades, but now are mostly practiced formally as complete set-routines for performance, kata competition, and grading, rather than as individual self-defense techniques in class. However, judo retained the full set of choking and strangling techniques for its sporting form, and all manner of joint locks. Even judo's pinning techniques have pain-generating, spine-and-rib-squeezing and smothering aspects. A submission induced by a legal pin is considered a legitimate win. Kano viewed the safe 'contest' aspect of judo as an important part of learning how to control an opponent's body in a real fight. Kano always considered judo a form of, and a development of, jujutsu.
A judo technique starts with gripping your opponent, followed by off-balancing them and using their momentum against them, and then applying the technique. Kuzushi (the art of breaking balance) is also used in jujutsu, where the opponent's attack is deflected using their momentum against them in order to arrest their movements then throw them or pin them with a technique—thus controlling the opponent. In both systems, kuzushi is essential in order to use as little energy as possible. Jujutsu differs from judo in a number of ways. In some circumstances, jutsuka generate kuzushi by striking one's opponent along his weak line. Other methods of generating kuzushi include grabbing, twisting, or poking areas of the body known as atemi points or pressure points (areas of the body where nerves are close to the skin - see kyusho-jitsu).
Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ) was developed after Mitsuyo Maeda brought judo to Brazil in 1914. Maeda agreed to teach the art to Carlos Gracie, son of his friend, Businessman and politician Gastão Gracie. After Carlos learned the art from Maeda, he passed his knowledge to his brothers Oswaldo, Gastão Jr., and George. Meanwhile, Hélio Gracie would peek in and practice the techniques, although he was told he was too young to practice. At the time, judo was still commonly called Kano jiu-jitsu (from its founder Kanō Jigorō), which is why this derivative of judo is called "Brazilian jiu-jitsu" rather than "Brazilian judo". Its emphasis shifted to ground grappling because the Gracie family thought it was more efficient and much more practical. Carlos and Helio helped the development by promoting fights (mostly against practitioners of other martial arts), competitions and experimenting throughout decades of intense training. BJJ dominated the first large modern mixed martial arts competitions, causing the emerging field to adopt many of its practices. Less-practiced stand-up techniques in Gracie Jiu Jitsu remain from its judo and jujutsu heritage (knife defense, gun defense, throws, blocking, striking etc.).
Sambo.
Sambo is a Russian martial art and sport derived from Japanese Judo and traditional Russian styles of folk wrestling. One of Sambo's founders, Vasili Oschepkov was one of the first foreigners to learn Judo in Japan and earned a second degree black belt awarded from Judo founder, Kano Jigoro. Modern sport Sambo is similar to sport Judo or sport Brazilian jiu-jutsu, with differences including use of a jacket and shorts rather than a full Keikogi, as well as a higher occurrence of leglocks.
Modern schools.
After the transplantation of traditional Japanese jujutsu to the West, many of these more traditional styles underwent a process of adaptation at the hands of Western practitioners, molding the art of jujutsu to suit western culture in its myriad varieties. There are today many distinctly westernized styles of jujutsu, that stick to their Japanese roots to varying degrees.
Some of the largest post-reformation (founded post 1905) jujutsu schools include (but are certainly not limited to these in that there are hundreds (possibly thousands), of new branches of "jujutsu"):
Sport jujutsu.
There are many types of Sport Jujutsu. One version of Sport jujutsu is known as "JJIF Rules Sport Ju-Jitsu", organized by Ju-Jitsu International Federation (JJIF), and has been recognized an official sport of the World Games.
Sport Jujutsu comes in two main variants: "Duo" (self-defense demonstration) where both the tori (attacker) and the uke (defender) come from the same team and demonstrate self-defense techniques. In this variant, we have a special system named 'Random Attacks': the tori and the uke are also from the same team but here they don't know what the attack will be. The attack is given by the judges.
The second variant is the "Fighting System" (freefighting) where competitors combine striking, grappling and submissions under rules which emphasise safety. Many of the potentially dangerous techniques such as scissor takedowns, necklocks and digital choking and locking are prohibited in Sport Jujutsu. There are a number of other styles of sport jujutsu with varying rules
Etymology.
Jujutsu, the current standard spelling, is derived using the Hepburn romanization system. Before the first half of the 20th century, however, jiu-jitsu and then jujitsu were preferred, even though the romanization of the second kanji as "jitsu" is unfaithful to the standard Japanese pronunciation. Since Japanese martial arts first became widely known of in the West in that time period, these earlier spellings are still common in many places. Ju-Jitsu is still a common spelling in France, Canada and the United States while Jiu-Jitsu is most widely used in Germany and Brazil.
Some define jujutsu and similar arts rather narrowly as "unarmed" close combat systems used to defeat or control an enemy who is similarly unarmed. Basic methods of attack include hitting or striking, thrusting or punching, kicking, throwing, pinning or immobilizing, strangling, and joint-locking. Great pains were also taken by the bushi (classic warriors) to develop effective methods of defense, including parrying or blocking strikes, thrusts and kicks, receiving throws or joint-locking techniques (i.e., falling safely and knowing how to "blend" to neutralize a technique's effect), releasing oneself from an enemy's grasp, and changing or shifting one's position to evade or neutralize an attack. As jujutsu is a collective term, some schools or ryu adopted the principle of ju more than others.
From a broader point of view, based on the curricula of many of the classical Japanese arts themselves, however, these arts may perhaps be more accurately defined as unarmed methods of dealing with an enemy who was armed, together with methods of using minor weapons such as the "jutte" (truncheon; also called jitte), "tantō" (knife), or "kakushi buki" (hidden weapons), such as the "ryofundo kusari" (weighted chain) or the "bankokuchoki" (a type of knuckle-duster), to defeat both armed or unarmed opponents.
Furthermore, the term jujutsu was also sometimes used to refer to tactics for infighting used with the warrior's major weapons: katana or tachi (sword), yari (spear), naginata (glaive), and jo (short staff), bo (quarterstaff). These close combat methods were an important part of the different martial systems that were developed for use on the battlefield. They can be generally characterized as either Sengoku Jidai (Sengoku Period, 1467–1603) katchu bujutsu or yoroi kumiuchi (fighting with weapons or grappling while clad in armor), or Edo Jidai (Edo Period, 1603–1867) suhada bujutsu (fighting while dressed in the normal street clothing of the period, kimono and hakama).
The Chinese character 柔 (Mandarin: "róu"; ; ) is the same as the first one in 柔道/judo (Mandarin: "róudào"; Japanese: "jūdō"; Korean: "Yudo"). The Chinese character 術 (Mandarin: "shù"; Japanese: "jutsu"; Korean: "sul") is the same as the second one in 武術 (Mandarin: "wǔshù"; Japanese: "bujutsu"; Korean: "musul")
Heritage and philosophy.
Japanese culture and religion have become intertwined into the martial arts. Buddhism, Shinto, Taoism and Confucian philosophy co-exist in Japan, and people generally mix and match to suit. This reflects the variety of outlook one finds in the different schools.
Jujutsu expresses the philosophy of yielding to an opponent's force rather than trying to oppose force with force. Manipulating an opponent's attack using his force and direction allows jujutsuka to control the balance of their opponent and hence prevent the opponent from resisting the counterattack. This is therefore a defensive mechanism.

</doc>
<doc id="20316713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316713" title="Diving at the 2002 Asian Games">
Diving at the 2002 Asian Games

Diving was contested from October 8 to October 13 at the 2002 Asian Games in Sajik Swimming Pool, Busan, South Korea. 
Participating nations.
A total of 49 athletes from 12 nations competed in diving at the 2002 Asian Games:

</doc>
<doc id="20316716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316716" title="Jiu jitsu">
Jiu jitsu

Jiu jitsu or jiu-jitsu may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20316755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316755" title="General Motors South Africa">
General Motors South Africa

General Motors South Africa, or GMSA, is a wholly owned subsidiary of American automobile manufacturer General Motors. It manufacturers and distributes automobiles under the Chevrolet, Opel and Isuzu brands. The company is headquartered in Port Elizabeth, South Africa.
Founded in 1913, GMSA initially distributed Chevrolet vehicles before beginning to manufacture and distribute vehicles of all of GM's brands in 1926. By the 1960s this included the British Vauxhall marque. 
In 1986, it was sold off and rebranded the Delta Motor Corporation as a result of the passage of the Comprehensive Anti-Apartheid Act in the United States and subsequent divestment of General Motors from apartheid South Africa. Following the transition to democracy in the 1990s, GM acquired a 49 percent stake in the company in 1997, and in 2004 the company once again became a wholly owned subsidiary of General Motors, reverting to its original name.
Although GM divested the last of its ownership of Isuzu, it still owns the dealership network in South Africa, and builds/assembles the Isuzu pickups and trucks.
Locomotives.
In 1974, General Motors South Africa Ltd. began to construct GM-Designed locomotives rather than importing them from the United States. After January 1987, GMSA was sold to local management which continued production as the Delta Motor Corporation. The company failed after one order of 11E-Type locomotives were constructed using GMSA leftovers. Delta Motor Corporation focused instead on automobile engines rather than locomotives, shutting down the plant where the locomotives were constructed.
The locomotive customers for GMSA (1974–1987) were:

</doc>
<doc id="20316795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316795" title="Roy Lee Johnson">
Roy Lee Johnson

Roy Lee Johnson (born December 31, 1938) is an American R&B and soul songwriter, singer and guitarist. He is best known for his composition "Mr. Moonlight", which has been covered by many artists, including The Beatles. 
He was born in Centralhatchee, Georgia, and began playing guitar as a child. Around 1955, he joined his first band, The Brassettes, who included Robert Ward and who played local dances in and around Hogansville. After the band won a talent contest in Atlanta, they recorded Johnson's song, "Nobody Does Something For Nothing", for the small Stat label. In the late 1950s, Johnson moved to Ohio, joining Ward in the Ohio Untouchables. However, by 1961 he had returned to Atlanta, and began playing in Piano Red's band, the Interns. His song "Mister Moonlight", which he had written in high school, was first recorded by Piano Red, credited as "Dr. Feelgood and the Interns", and released in 1962 as the b-side of "Doctor Feel-Good" on OKeh 4-7144. 
Johnson left the Interns in about 1963, and released his first solo record, "Too Many Tears", on OKeh that year. Neither it nor its follow-up, a reworked "Nobody Does Something For Nothing", were successful. However, in 1964 the Beatles covered "Mr. Moonlight" on the album "Beatles for Sale" (on "Beatles '65" in the US), the success of which allowed Johnson to form his own band. He recorded three singles for Columbia Records in 1966-67, including "My Best Just Ain’t Good Enough", and another single for the Josie label. Otis Redding, for whom he had previously been a support act, then introduced him to Phil Walden, who recorded three singles with him in 1968 at the FAME Studios in Muscle Shoals, featuring the studio rhythm section. The singles included "Cheer Up, Daddy’s Coming Home" and "Take Me Back And Try Me", but again were not hits. He then formed a new band, Roy Lee Johnson & The Villagers, who recorded a self-titled album for Stax Records in 1973, influenced by the funk style of James Brown. However, the band broke up after the sudden death of 21-year old bass player Michael James.
He continued to release occasional singles in the late 1970s and 1980s, setting up his own studio and continue to perform with various bands. In the early 1990s, tracks he had recorded were released in England as the album "All Night Long" (Howzat LBW1). He released another album, "When a Guitar Plays the Blues", in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20316806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316806" title="Benji Hughes">
Benji Hughes

Benji Hughes is an American musical artist from Charlotte, North Carolina. On July 22, 2008, Benji Hughes released his debut album, entitled "A Love Extreme" on New West Records. "A Love Extreme" is a double-disc album containing 25 songs. It was recorded with producer and Los Angeles session musician Keefus Ciancia. 
Hughes has had several songs featured in various television shows, including Beverly Hills, 90210, Chuck (TV series), "How I Met Your Mother" and "Eastbound and Down" (the song, Kenny, was released as a single on 12 April 2012). Hughes was also a contributing songwriter for the 2007 film "".
Benji Hughes also made a cameo appearance in the 2009 film Gentlemen Broncos as Benjamin Purvis' father, only ever depicted in a photograph.
In 2011 Hughes appeared on Jeff Bridges' self-titled country album.
There are three new Benji Hughes albums planned for 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20316871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316871" title="Cheongoksan (Jeongseon/Pyeongchang)">
Cheongoksan (Jeongseon/Pyeongchang)

Cheongoksan is a mountain in the province of Gangwon-do, South Korea. Its area extends across the counties of Jeongseon and Pyeongchang. Cheongoksan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20316891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316891" title="Stables (surname)">
Stables (surname)

Stables is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20316956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316956" title="Cheongoksan (Donghae/Samcheok)">
Cheongoksan (Donghae/Samcheok)

Cheongoksan is a mountain in the province of Gangwon-do, South Korea. Its area extends across the cites of Donghae and Samcheok. Cheongoksan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20316993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316993" title="USCGC Escanaba">
USCGC Escanaba

Three United States Coast Guard Cutters have been named Escanaba:

</doc>
<doc id="20316999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20316999" title="Olive Price">
Olive Price

Olive Price (1903-1991) was an American writer of books and plays for children. 
Born September 21 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to Harry and Lydia (Barchfeld) Price, she attended the University of Pittsburgh in 1922-23, then worked as an advertising copywriter for department stores in Pittsburgh until 1928, then began her writing career. She married R. M. Cherryholmes on June 30, 1927. She was also known as Olive M. Price, and wrote under the pseudonyms of Anne Cherryholmes and Barbara West.
Works.
For children:
Picture books adapted for children from literary classics:
Books of plays:
Plays published singly:
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2002. PEN (Permanent Entry Number): 0000079845.

</doc>
<doc id="20317025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317025" title="Héctor Varela (author)">
Héctor Varela (author)

Héctor Varela is a Puerto Rican author. His main work, the novel "Affinity for Trouble: A Puerto Rican Story" (2006) tells the story of a boy growing up in Santurce, a central neighborhood of San Juan, Puerto Rico, in the 1940s and 1950s.
Life.
Varela was born and raised in Santurce, a neighborhood in San Juan, Puerto Rico until he was almost 11 years old, when he moved with his family to Fort Bliss, Texas. Upon arrival in the U.S., he did not speak English. After his father’s infantry duty tour in Korea, Héctor became an Army brat on Army tours throughout the U.S. and Europe.
Varela served honorably in the U.S. Navy for eight years, then returned to Puerto Rico and became Deputy Assistant Labor Relations Director for Fluor/Daniel Caribbean during the industrial pharmaceutical boom of the 1970s. In 1980 he returned to the U.S., where he served as a Miami-Dade County Police Officer, an Investigative Agency Manager, and an elected councilman in West Kendall, Florida. He lives with his wife, Carmen Lourdes, in Miami-Dade County, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20317055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317055" title="Manistee and North-Eastern Railroad">
Manistee and North-Eastern Railroad

The Manistee and North-Eastern Railroad was a short, standard-gauge line in the U.S. state of Michigan. Organized in 1887, it served several counties in the northwestern quarter of Michigan's Lower Peninsula in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The railroad's main line stretched from Manistee to Traverse City, with a spur line to Northport leased from the Leelanau Transit Company.
The Manistee and North-Eastern was originally built to help exploit the old-growth timber resources of its service area. Logs were carried to mills in Manistee. The railroad also attempted to develop a sideline as a hauler of potatoes.
The Manistee and North-Eastern was consolidated into the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway in 1955. A section of the short railroad's right-of-way is now in use as the Leelanau Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="20317071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317071" title="Cheongoksan (North Gyeongsang)">
Cheongoksan (North Gyeongsang)

Cheongoksan is a mountain in the county of Bonghwa, Gyeongsangbuk-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of . 

</doc>
<doc id="20317129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317129" title="JAD">
JAD

JAD or Jad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20317154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317154" title="Cheongoksan">
Cheongoksan

Cheongoksan (청옥산; 靑玉山) refers to three mountains in South Korea:

</doc>
<doc id="20317167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317167" title="Tonico &amp; Tinoco">
Tonico &amp; Tinoco

Tonico e Tinoco were a Brazilian musica sertaneja duo from the state of São Paulo, composed of brothers Tonico (João Salvador Perez, March 2, 1917 – 1994) and Tinoco (José Perez, November 19, 1920–May 4, 2012), they are regarded among the most famous and prolific artists in sertanejo. With their first hit single, "Chico Mineiro" (1946), they were named "A Dupla Coração do Brasil" ("The Brazilian Heart Duo"). They performed more than 40,000 times between 1935 and 1994, recorded more than 1,000 songs and sold over 150 million albums despite never performing outside of Brazil.
History.
Early life and musical beginnings.
Born in rural São Paulo to Spanish father Salvador Pérez and Brazilian mother Maria do Carmo, João and José Perez's passion for music came from their maternal grandparents Olegario and Isabel, who played songs on an old accordion. The brothers quickly began to learn and play songs and had their first concert on August 15, 1935. Along with their cousin Miguel, the brothers performed as Trio da Roca. The trio became known locally via radio broadcasts.
In 1937 the Pérez family relocated the city of Sorocaba, São Paulo. Tonico took up work in a quarry and cement factory while Tinoco turned to shining shoes and highway construction during Brazil's economic crisis and the onset of World War II. With city life proving unbearable, the family returned to farming in the countryside. By now the Perez brothers were performing as a duo, and their return to their rural home afforded them opportunity to perform live on the radio while they continued to travel to the city on Sundays to pick up extra work. Traveling back and forth between São Paulo's urban and rural areas helped the brothers to spread their music around the state, performing on the street, at festivals, entering contests and making appearances on many radio stations.
The duo made their recording debut on the Continental label in 1945 with the song "Em Vez de Me Agradecê" ("Instead of Thinking of Me") the cateretê ". During the recording session, the brothers sang so loudly (as they did on the farm) that they overloaded and broke the microphone. The following year the duo broke through with the single "Chico Mineiro" making Tonico e Tinoco the most famous sertaneja duo in Brazil and making it possible for the brothers to buy a home for their family.
Later success.
In 1961 Tonico and Tinoco made their cinematic debut in Eduardo Llorente film "Lá no Meu Sertão", based on the life and work of the duo. While the film was in production, Tonico nearly died from tuberculosis and his brother Chiquinho filled in for him for both radio and studio appearances. Despite fears that Tonico would not be able to sing after surgery, the duo were soon performing again at full caliber.
In 1965 Eduardo Llorente featured the duo in another film, "Obrigado à Matar", based on the legend of Chico Mineiro and the song of the same name that had made Tonico e Tinoco famous. Another film followed in 1969—"A Marca da Ferradura" (The Mark of the Horseshoe) by Nelson Teixeira Mendes and the following year the duo recorded a tribute album to Raul Torres which was completed two months after the singer died. Two less successful films—Llorente's "Os Três Justiceiros" (The Three Gunslingers) and Osvaldo de Oliveira's "Luar do Sertão" had the Perez brothers give up their acting career and focus solely on music.
On June 6, 1979, Tonico & Tinoco gave a three-hour concert in front of 2,500 people at São Paulo's Municipal Theatre of São Paulo before 2,500 people, a venue that had previously been used only for operas and ballets. in 1984 they returned to the screen as a cameo in Andrew Klotzel's "A Marvada Caren".
Deaths.
Tonico & Tinoco's final concert was in Mato Grosso on August 7, 1994. Tonico died shortly thereafter. Tinoco continued to perform solo until his death on May 4, 2012, in São Paulo, due to complications after respiratory failure. He was 91 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="20317171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317171" title="Proverbidioms">
Proverbidioms

Proverbidioms is an oil painting by American artist T. E. Breitenbach depicting over 300 common proverbs, catchphrases, and clichés such as "You are what you eat", "a frog in the throat", and "kicked the bucket". It is painted on a 45 by 67 inch wooden panel and was completed in 1975 after two years work, when the artist was 24. The included sayings are painted quite literally and appear comical and bizarre, especially if one does not at first realize what the painting is about. For example, "You are what you eat" is represented in the painting by a carrot eating a carrot. The painting also contains hidden social commentary, and a reference to Pieter Bruegel (a favorite of the artist) who did a painting of Dutch proverbs in the sixteenth century. The title "Proverbidioms" is a simple portmanteau word combining "proverb" with "idioms".
History.
"Proverbidioms" was completed in 1975 and published by Breitenbach as a poster in 1980, along with the list of included sayings. It remains in print to this day as it has proven quite popular. Several counterfeit posters have turned up over the years. In 1988, "Proverbidioms" was published as a jigsaw puzzle by Bits & Pieces and then by SunsOut, and is still in print. It has been licensed for other products as well. It has appeared as a set piece on the TV shows "Beverly Hills, 90210", "As the World Turns", and on a Disney pilot.
"Proverbidioms" is used extensively in education to teach about proverbs in classrooms, in corporate creativity workshops, in teaching the deaf, and in teaching English to foreign students. The Canadian Institute of English and the Watchtower Society in particular have taken the posters to over 100 countries for this last-mentioned purpose.
The artist painted additional versions of this title along with related themed paintings.
In 2011 Breitenbach published an eBook titled "Proverbidioms: All the Answers & Trivia". This is the first time that location maps were provided for all the idioms included in the "Proverbidioms" series of paintings, and in the themed paintings as well. The artist also reveals background information and illustrates the creation process for these large works. [http://www.tebreitenbach.com/store/index.php?main_page=index&cPath=2&zenid=h1smcmk38lucer2tcdnv3gmfc4]
In 2012 an iPad app was made using the paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="20317217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317217" title="Three Golden Rivers">
Three Golden Rivers

Three Golden Rivers is an historical, young-adult novel by the American writer Olive Price. 
Set in 1850, it tells the story of four orphaned siblings who must leave the family farm after their father is killed and head to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to find work. The children land in a multi-ethnic neighborhood where Stephen befriends a Scottish lad named Andrew Carnegie.
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2002. PEN (Permanent Entry Number): 0000079845.

</doc>
<doc id="20317253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317253" title="Will Morin">
Will Morin

Will Morin is a Canadian politician, currently the interim leader of the First Peoples National Party of Canada.
Morin was born in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, and is a member of the Michipicoten First Nation. He was a medical assistant in the Canadian Forces during the 1991 Gulf War. He later obtained a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from the Nova Scotia College of Art and Design in Halifax, as well as a Bachelor of Arts degree in Native Studies and a Master of Arts degree in Humanities from Laurentian University. He is now a teacher, artist and cultural consultant in Sudbury, and was seeking a Ph.D. in Human Studies from Laurentian at the time of the 2008 election. Morin has served on the board of the Sudbury Arts Council, was a founder of the White Mountain Academy of the Arts, and is a strong advocate for local artists. In 2003, he proposed a community arts centre for downtown Sudbury. His own works have been displayed nationally. 
He first ran as the party's candidate in Algoma—Manitoulin—Kapuskasing in the 2006 election, and subsequently ran in Sudbury in the 2008 election and the 2011 election. In both 2006 and 2008, Morin was the party's most successful candidate in number of votes received; in 2011, he was the party's only candidate.
Morin was the Eastern Regional Representative for Aboriginal Students with the Canadian Federation of Students while attending university, and became politically active as president of the Young Liberals Association at Cambrian College. He later joined the FPNP, and was nominated as the party's first candidate for public office on December 28, 2005. In 2008, he argued that he was campaigning on a platform of aboriginal values, and fighting for the inclusion of aboriginal people in the political process. During the 2008 election campaign, he was excluded from an all-candidates debate on CIGM, and all four of the major party candidates — Liberal Diane Marleau, Conservative Gerry Labelle, New Democrat Glenn Thibeault and Green Gordon Harris — chose to boycott the debate rather than participate without Morin present. Although he received few votes, he said after the election that he accomplished what he set out to achieve. 
In 2006, Morin took part in a protest in support of a road blockade by the members of the Six Nations of the Grand River First Nation in Brant. He later took part in a protest against the Canadian Pacific Spirit Train during the 2008 election. The Spirit Train was intended to raise support for the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver; many protesters argued that the games were taking place on stolen native land.
Electoral record.
Source: Elections Canada

</doc>
<doc id="20317302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317302" title="Settlers Ridge">
Settlers Ridge

Settlers Ridge is an open-air lifestyle center in Robinson Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania about halfway between Penn Center West and the Robinson Town Centre. The $100 million shopping complex opened for business on October 30, 2009, with phase two of the development currently under construction as of Spring 2011. It is owned by O'Connor/Real Vest Retail Holding Co. LLC of New York, with Boston-based Wilder Companies handling management and leasing at the shopping center.
Planning and development.
In 2006, following the completion of the Ridge Road interchange off of the Parkway West (U.S. Route 22/30), developers CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. and Faison Enterprises, Inc., purchased about nearby from Robinson Park Associates to develop a new lifestyle center, which was to be called Settlers Ridge.
The plans were put before the local planning commission in the fall of 2006, and approved by the Robinson commissioners in November 2006. An amended plan for the development was approved by the town commissioners in October 2007, and work began on the site soon after with construction on buildings beginning in the summer of 2008. In late 2010, CBL sold the first phase of the Settlers Ridge shopping complex to O'Connor/Real Vest Retail Holding Co. LLC of New York for $132.9 million, with an option to purchase the phase two addition from CBL at a later date. Boston-based Wilder Companies currently manages and leases the complex.

</doc>
<doc id="20317339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317339" title="Betawi">
Betawi

Betawi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20317342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317342" title="Lee Habeeb">
Lee Habeeb

Lee Habeeb (born January 21, 1961) is an American talk radio executive and producer.
He was the co-creator and Executive Producer of "The Laura Ingraham Show" (Westwood One, 2001). In 2007, Habeeb joined Salem Radio Network as Network Director of Strategic Content. 
Habeeb has spoken extensively at talk radio industry conventions and written columns for "USA Today", "The Washington Examiner" and the "National Review". He is also a columnist for Townhall.com and National Review.
Habeeb has commissioned the creation of several YouTube videos, including a William F. Buckley video tribute just after his death in February 2008. 
As Vice President of Content Development at Salem Radio Network, Habeeb was instrumental in drafting and developing the FreeOurHealthCareNow.com petition, which was delivered to Congress on September 9, 2009 and covered on CBS Evening News, Fox News, CNBC and CSPAN. 
Habeeb produced the video "Is Nationalized Health Care a Death Snare?" about the effects a government takeover of health care would have on both beginning of life and end of life issues. Habeeb was also instrumental [http://docs4patientcare.org/what-msm-wont-tell-you]in helping some prominent Atlanta doctors create and promote Docs4PatientCare and has worked closely with the promotion of the Association of Mature American Citizens (AMAC), which promotes itself as a conservative alternative to the AARP.
Habeeb is a University of Virginia School of Law Graduate (1991). He currently resides in Oxford, Mississippi with his wife, Valerie, and daughter, Reagan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20317369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317369" title="Archery at the 2002 Asian Games">
Archery at the 2002 Asian Games

Archery was contested from October 6 to October 10 at the 2002 Asian Games in Gangseo Archery Field, Busan, South Korea. The competition included only recurve events.
Results.
Men's individual.
Qualification.
October 6–7
Knockout round.
October 9
Men's team.
Qualification.
October 6–7
Knockout round.
October 10
Women's individual.
Qualification.
October 6–7
Knockout round.
October 8
Women's team.
Qualification.
October 6–7
Knockout round.
October 10

</doc>
<doc id="20317464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317464" title="Eystein Sandnes">
Eystein Sandnes

Eystein Sandnes (1927–2006) was a Norwegian ceramic and glass designer who is known particularly for work done at the ceramic industries Stavangerflint AS and AS Porsgrunds Porselænsfabrik
Biography.
Sandes was born in the municipality of Røros in the county of Sør-Trøndelag, Norway and died in Porsgrunn in the county of Telemark, Norway. He was educated both as a ceramist and as a glass designer with Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry in Oslo (1945–1949). From 1951 he was a glass designer at AS Norsk Glassverk, Magnor where he gained recognition for his artistic talent. He received the Government’s scholarship for applied arts in 1954/1955. From 1955 to 1957 he held the position of Design Director at the earthenware company Stavangerflint AS, Stavanger, Norway. In 1958, Sandnes moved to AS Porsgrunds Porselænsfabrik, Porsgrunn, Norway, where he became head of the Design Department in 1959. He held this position until retirement 1990.
Artist and artistic manager.
He developed new designs for production, creating his most well-known models as "Utstein" and "Ledaal" there. They were produced for several years with different basic single tone colours which allowed for many combinations, but also with designs by various other artists at the company. Inger Waage, Anne Lofthus and Kari Nyquist made many of their most recognised designs for models created by Eystein Sandnes. A tea set modelled by Eystein Sandnes and with a design by Kari Nyquist was obtained by the Victoria and Albert Museum, London. It was Sandnes who introduced the principles of Scandinavian Design at Stavangerflint AS.
At Porsgrunds Porselænsfabrik, Sandnes designed the tea and dinner service "Jubileum" and the oven-proof "Askeladden", which received the design award of the Norwegian Design Council in 1965, the breakfast and dinner service "Epoke", which received the same award in 1969, and the tea coffee and dinner service "Eystein 2440/80045", which was awarded in 1971.
Awards and recognitions.
He received awards for Good Design by the Norwegian Design Council in 1965, 1969 and in 1971. In 1960 he was awarded a silver medal at the 12th Triennale for Design in Milan. Sandnes has been represented at several exhibitions in Norway and abroad and his works are included in many collections, among them the The National Museum of Art, Architecture and Design, Oslo, and the Victoria and Albert Museum, London. His tableware was among the examples of Scandinavian design shown at the 1982 exhibition "Scandinavian Modern: 1880-1980" at the Cooper-Hewitt Museum in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="20317477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317477" title="Presidential Designate">
Presidential Designate

The Presidential Designate () was a Colombian elected official, chosen by the Senate to ensure the presidential line of succession. The title of Presidential Designate did not bring any official office or duties, its sole purpose was to replace the President in his absence, death, or inability to hold office.
History.
The title was instituted by the Colombian Constitution of 1863, to modify the presidential line of succession. In 1858 the office of the office Vice President of Colombia was abolished, and the line of succession was broken and modified, making the heads of the Ministries of Colombia the successors to the presidency, going from oldest to youngest. The news constitution called for annual elections of the First, Second, and Third Presidential Designates to confirm a transition of power. After the ratification of the Colombian Constitution of 1886, the vice-presidency was reinstituted, but because of the resignation of vice president Eliseo Payán in 1887, Congress was forced to elect interim presidential designates once again. In En 1905, President Rafael Reyes abolished once again the vice presidency, and amended the constitution to allow him to choose the presidential designates, but after his overthrow, in 1909, Congress reinstituted the titles of First and Second Presidential Designates, giving Senate the task of electing new ones every two years. Because of constitutional reforms, the title of Second Presidential Designate was terminated, leaving just one presidential designate. The Colombian Constitution of 1991, reestablished the vice presidency, but it allowed the election of a presidential designate until the end of the term of President César Gaviria. The last Presidential Designate was Juan Manuel Santos. 

</doc>
<doc id="20317496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317496" title="Communion (The Soundtrack of Our Lives album)">
Communion (The Soundtrack of Our Lives album)

Communion is the fifth studio album by the Swedish band The Soundtrack of Our Lives.
The album is the band's longest to date at twenty-four tracks. After the decision was made to postpone the Origin Vol. 2 project, the band wrote entirely new material and recorded it, which became Communion.
Track listing.
CD1
CD2

</doc>
<doc id="20317499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317499" title="A Love Extreme">
A Love Extreme

A Love Extreme is the first studio album by the Charlotte, North Carolina based artist Benji Hughes. It was released on July 22, 2008, with Keefus Ciancia, David Susskind and Gus Seyffert producing. The album was recorded at The Green Room Studios in Los Feliz, California and Sargent Studios in Echo Park, California. The album was released on compact disc and on 180-gram vinyl pressing by New West Records.
Track listing.
All tracks by Keith Ciancia & Benji Hughes except where noted
Musicians.
Benji Hughes and Keefus Ciancia, all performed music except:

</doc>
<doc id="20317509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317509" title="Mug Travel">
Mug Travel

Mug Travel (, known as My Friend Bernard in English) is a 2007 South Korean computer-animated film, directed by Lim Ah-ron and based on his animated TV series, "Backkom".
Plot.
A little girl named Bebe, all alone on Christmas Eve, is given a magical pendant from Santa Claus and embarks on a fantastical adventure. Travelling in a mug with the power of teleportation, Bebe explores a variety of exotic locations from the desert to the North Pole, accompanied by a host of characters including Backkom the polar bear and Konkongee the penguin.
Production.
Produced by RG Animation Studios and directed by Lim Ah-ron, "Mug Travel" is a feature film adaptation of Lim's computer-animated TV series "Backkom". The film and TV series were made at the same time on a combined budget of $5.9 million, after Lim noticed a gap in the market for shows aimed at preschool children.
Release.
"Mug Travel" was released in South Korea on 22 March 2007, and was ranked eighth at the Korean box office on its opening weekend with 48,244 admissions. Over the course of its theatrical run, the film accumulated a total of 135,261 admissions nationwide, and grossed $608,835.
"Mug Travel" was screened at the Fifth Bimini Animation Festival, held in Latvia in March 2007, where it was the winner of "The Best Film for Children" award. It was subsequebtly selected to participate in the non-competition category at the Brussels International Festival of Fantastic Film, which ran from 5–17 April 2007 in Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="20317528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317528" title="The Kill Artist">
The Kill Artist

The Kill Artist is a 2000 spy novel by American author Daniel Silva. It's the first book featuring Gabriel Allon. "The Kill Artist" was released in the UK on 20 June 2002.
Plot summary.
Israel’s Prime Minister reinstates Ari Shamron as its director. Shortly thereafter, Israel’s ambassador is murdered in Paris. The crime has all of the markings of Tariq al-Hourani, a terrorist mastermind.
Gabriel spearheaded a team that located and killed the operatives in the “Munich Massacre.” Seventeen years later, Tariq took vengeance upon Gabriel—family member for family member—by planting a bomb under the Allons’ car in Vienna. Gabriel witnessed his family’s horrifying destruction. His son Dani died instantly, while his wife Leah was left with a shattered mind and body.
Nine years later, Gabriel has cut ties with the Office, secreted himself in Southern England, and poured himself into his other profession as an art restorer. Ari Shamron shows up on his doorstep. Shamron explains that he wants to assassinate Tariq but lacks support from the departmental directors at the Office. As a result, he urges Gabriel to spearhead a secret assassination operation. He accepts Shamron’s plan and begins surveillance of Yusef, a member of Tariq’s closely knit organization.
Gabriel decides that he needs to set Yusef up with a female operative. He handpicks Jacqueline Delacroix (née Sarah Halévy), a French supermodel. Jacqueline has previously assisted three Office operations; in one of these, she worked closely with Gabriel and the two had an affair. Gabriel is careful to keep his interactions with Jacqueline to a mere professional familiarity. Jacqueline discovers that Gabriel still grieves over their affair, for its unmasking made Leah decide to accompany Gabriel on the fateful operation to Vienna.
Realizing that her modeling career is declining and unfulfilling, Jacqueline accepts Gabriel’s role for her and seduces Yusef. Although this allows Gabriel to bug Yusef’s apartment, it likewise blows Jacqueline’s cover, for Yusef finds her making imprints of his keys and later sees Gabriel in his building. Gabriel is very concerned with Jacqueline’s safety and therefore tries to pull her from the operation. Shamron, however, insists that her identity as Dominique Bonard is secure and insists that Gabriel continue the plan.
Meanwhile, Yusef warns Tariq that Gabriel is searching for him. Tariq designs a plan where Jacqueline must prove her professed love for Yusef by accompanying Tariq on a supposedly diplomatic mission to the United States. Indeed, Tariq recognizes Jacqueline from previous Office operations and suspects that he can use her as bait to lure Gabriel to his death. A conspiratorial relationship between Yusef and Uzi Navot, a major agent for the Office in Europe, also becomes apparent. Navot is one of the few Office operatives who knows about Shamron’s secret plot.
Shortly after Jacqueline begins this ‘diplomatic’ trip, she realizes that her identity and security have been compromised. Gabriel believes that he has the upper hand in the arrangement until Tariq consistency eludes him and then disappears. Tariq smuggles Jacqueline through Québec and into New York City, where he intends to make his last stand. The new PM of Israel and Yasser Arafat are in NYC that weekend to celebrate a momentous step towards creating peace between the Israelis and Palestinians. Too late, Gabriel realizes that Tariq’s target is Arafat and not Israel’s PM; Gabriel hastily alerts Arafat by phone just as the disguised Tariq zones in on the kill. Arafat the diplomat calmly recounts his love for Tariq, a former associate, and urges the assassin to abandon his design. Tariq decides to let Arafat live just as Gabriel and the escaped Jacqueline arrive on the scene. Tariq shoots Gabriel in the chest, but Jacqueline pursues and kills the would-be assassin.
Gabriel recovers from his wound in Israel, where Jacqueline has been forced to relocate due to media coverage of the event. One day, Gabriel spots Yusef in a local market and questions him at gunpoint. Yusef admits that he was working for Shamron as a double agent, and that Shamron had concocted the whole plot so Gabriel could finish off Tariq. When an angry Gabriel confronts Shamron, the wizened director is unapologetic and insists that it was both necessary to kill Tariq and just to have the killer be Gabriel.
Once his recovery is complete, Gabriel returns to his life in southern England as an art restorer.
Critical reception.
Rebecca Ascher-Walsh writing for "Entertainment Weekly" gave the novel a "B+," describing it as "pure political popcorn." According to Amazon.com, "The New Yorker" says that Silva "may never get around to plumbing his characters' souls, but he's having such a good time that we're content just to watch him play." Randy Signor was less flattering and lamented that Silva's "promising career has now veered toward the predictable and slightly silly."
International titles.
Portuguese: "O Artista da Morte". ("The Artist of Death"). (2008). ISBN 9789722516761

</doc>
<doc id="20317531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317531" title="2009 CONCACAF U-17 Championship squads">
2009 CONCACAF U-17 Championship squads

Group A.
Head coach: Sean Flemming

Head coach: Alexander González
Head coach: Emilio Umanzor
United States.
Head coach: Wilmer Cabrera
Group B.
Head coach: Juan Diego Quesada

Head coach: Antonio García

Head coach: José González

Head coach: Anton Corneal

</doc>
<doc id="20317535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317535" title="John Festing">
John Festing

John Wogan Festing (13 August 1837, Stourton, England – 28 December 1902) was an English clergyman who became the Bishop of St Albans.
John W. Festing was the son of Richard Grindall Festing and Eliza Mammatt.
Festing was born at Brook House in Stourton, Somerset (now in Wiltshire) and educated at King's School, Bruton and King's College School, London.
His younger brother was Major-General Edward R. Festing (1839–1912), a Royal Engineer and chemist who became the first Director of the Science Museum in London.
Festing received a BA degree from Trinity College, Cambridge in 1860. He was vicar of Christ Church, Westminster, London, from 1860–73. In 1873, he became vicar of St Luke's Church, Berwick Street, close to Seven Dials. On 19 May 1878, he was appointed vicar of Christ Church, Albany Street. In 1887, he became rural dean of St Pancras. On 26 June 1888, he became prebendary of Brondesbury in St Paul's Cathedral.
His final clerical appointment was as Lord Bishop of St Albans on 24 June 1890 and he received a DD degree in the same year.
He was President of the Universities' Mission to Central Africa (1892–1902).
He was buried at St Albans Cathedral in Hertfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20317574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317574" title="Catocala cerogama">
Catocala cerogama

The Yellow-banded Underwing ("Catocala cerogama") is a species of Catocalini that occurs in North America.
Description.
The wingspan is 64 to 81 mm. They have even, deep yellow bands on their hindwings, the forewings are usually brownish-gray. Look for a pale band that connects the whitish subreniform a spot to the costa.
Range.
As far north as Nova Scotia south to North Carolina, west to Manitoba, South Dakota, and Missouri.
Life cycle.
The adults fly between July and October.

</doc>
<doc id="20317602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317602" title="The Noise Chapter">
The Noise Chapter

The Noise Chapter is an American Rock/Indie band fronted by Frank Velasquez. The band includes, Jay Smith, Bob Wilson and Shane Gallagher of the rock group +44.
History.
The band was formed after the members first group Scimmage Heroes split in two. Frank, Jay, and Shane went on to form "The Noise Chapter" while Noel Paris fronts the band "Tan Analog." The roots of the sound from The Noise Chapter can be traced back to the early days of "Feeble" which Travis Barker of blink-182 was a founding member, the band was formed in Fontana, CA. With +44 on hold, Shane spends him time with the band. All members are from California they grew up with Travis Barker. The band is currently working on their debut album. Members can also be seen in the DVD Riding in Vans with Boys which is about the band Kut U Up, Flat a song by Scrimmage Heroes can be heard in the background while the band is being shown.

</doc>
<doc id="20317651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317651" title="Chester Aaron">
Chester Aaron

Chester Aaron (born 1923) is an American writer.
Early life and education.
He was born in Butler, Pennsylvania to Albert and Celia (Charleson) Aaron. 
He attended the following schools:
Career.
In addition to his writing, he has worked as a steel worker, an X-ray technician, a college professor, and a garlic farmer.
Works.
For young adults:
For adults:

</doc>
<doc id="20317739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317739" title="Princess Anne Historic District">
Princess Anne Historic District

The Princess Anne Historic District is located in Princess Anne the county seat of Somerset County, Maryland on Maryland's Eastern Shore. There has been little change due to industry or other development, and the town retains much of its historic character since its founding in the early 18th Century. It has been the governmental center since the county was formed in 1742 and the present courthouse is one of the most architecturally distinguished in the state. Within the historic district are a few pre-Revolutionary structures, a high concentration of Federal and Victorian architecture buildings, vernacular dwellings as well as 19th and early-20th century commercial and public buildings. The district contains approximately 270 structures of which nearly 90 percent are contributing to the character of the district. 
Among the contributing structures are:
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20317809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317809" title="Garin Tzabar">
Garin Tzabar

Garin Tzabar is a program that facilitates service in the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) for children of Israelis and Diaspora Jews not living in Israel.
Background.
Soldiers who come to Israel to serve in the IDF but who have no immediate family in Israel are called "Lone Soldiers". Garin Tzabar was formed in order to provide a support system for such soldiers.
Etymology.
In Hebrew, Garin means “core” or “seed”. Aside from its literal use, the word is also used in Israel to refer to a group of people who moved to Israel together. The Hebrew word Tzabar, translated in English as "sabra", is used in Israel to mean a native-born Israeli Jew.
Organization.
Garin Tzabar was founded by the Friends of Israel Scouts, Inc. in 1991 and is currently under its auspices. The program is largely funded by Israel's Ministry of Immigrant Absorption, but it also receives money from the Jewish Agency for Israel and private donors.
The Program.
The future members of Garin Tzabar begin their orientation in their local region, or in Israel. A series of five seminars is designed to:
Upon arrival in Israel, the members of each Garin are placed on a hosting kibbutz. The first three months prior to basic training include:
In addition to Garin Tzabar staff, soldiers and educators from the IDF and teachers from the Ministry of Education assist with the transition.
Each individual begins his or her military service according to the schedule arranged by the IDF.
References.
"Tzofim Garin Tzabar," Masa Israel Journey. Available: http://www.masaisrael.org/Masa/English/Programs/Tzofim+Garin+Tzabar.htm
"About Tzofim Garin Tzabar," Friends of Israel Scouts, Inc. Available: http://www.israelscouts.org/siteDisplay.php

</doc>
<doc id="20317811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317811" title="John Palgrave Simpson">
John Palgrave Simpson

John Palgrave Simpson (1807–1887) was a Victorian playwright. He wrote more than fifty pieces in a variety of genres, including dramas, comedies, operas, and spectacles, between 1850 and 1885. Simpson also published novels, travel books and journalistic commentaries. He served as secretary of the Dramatic Authors' Society from 1868 to 1883.
Biography.
John Palgrave Simpson was born on 13 June 1807 in Norwich, the second of the six children of William and Katherine Simpson. His father was town clerk of Norwich and treasurer of the county of Norfolk. Simpson was educated by private tutors and at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, where he took his B.A. in 1829 and M.A. in 1832. When he completed his studies, his parents encouraged him to enter the priesthood; instead, for the next fifteen years he traveled on the Continent, mainly living in Germany, at his father's expense. In 1842 he converted to Roman Catholicism in Munich.
Literary career.
While never a groundbreaking playwright, Simpson was attuned to the interests of his audiences. His work was largely sentimental and his depictions of fractured father-daughter relationships, contested fortunes, mistaken identities, and trusting country folk versus scheming city dwellers reflect the melodramatic tastes of Victorian audiences in the second half of the century. Simpson wrote more than 25 plays in a variety of styles. One of his most successful works was "A Scrap of Paper", an adaptation of "Les Pattes de mouche" by Victorien Sardou, which opened at the St. James's Theatre on 22 April 1861. On 10 May 1865 Simpson's "A Fair Pretender" became one of the first plays staged at Marie Effie Wilton's Prince of Wales's Theatre. "The Times" (13 May 1865) described the play as "nightly thronged by one of the most fashionable audiences in London." In 1865 Simpson published "Carl Maria von Weber: The Life of an Artist", a two-volume translation of the 1864 memoir of the composer by his son, Baron Max Maria von Weber. In 1868 Simpson was elected secretary of the Dramatic Authors' Society, which had been founded in 1833. In "The profession of the Playwright: British Theatre 1800-1900" (1992). Simpson's output was less prolific in the 1870s, perhaps as a consequence of his duties with the Dramatic Authors' Society, and he turned increasingly to adaptation and collaborations. In 1873 Simpson joined the young dramatist Herman Merivale to write "Alone", which premiered at the Royal Court Theatre on 25 October. Simpson used Charles Dickens's novel "Bleak House" (1853) as the basis for "Lady Dedlock's Secret", which premiered at Her Majesty's Theatre in Aberdeen on 3 April 1874 and appeared in Liverpool the same year but did not play in London until it opened at the Opera Comique on 26 March 1884. He collaborated with Merivale on an adaptation of Dickens's "A Tale of Two Cities" (1859) titled "All for Her", which opened at the Mirror Theatre on 18 October 1875 and was revived into the 1890s. He also collaborated with Claude Templar on "The Scar on the Wrist", which premiered at the St. James's on 9 March 1878, and on "Zillah", which opened at the Lyceum on August 1879. In 1888 Coleman reflected that "the only work of Palgrave Simpson's which still holds the stage is "Scrap of Paper."

</doc>
<doc id="20317912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317912" title="The Abbey in the Oakwood">
The Abbey in the Oakwood

The Abbey in the Oakwood () is an oil painting by Caspar David Friedrich. It was painted between 1809 and 1810 in Dresden and was first shown together with the painting "The Monk by the Sea" in the Berlin Academy exhibition of 1810. On Friedrich's request "The Abbey in the Oakwood" was hung beneath "The Monk by the Sea".
After the exhibition both pictures were bought by king Frederick Wilhelm III for his collection. Today the paintings hang side by side in the Alte Nationalgalerie, Berlin. 
Description.
A procession of monks, some of whom bear a coffin, head toward the gate of a ruined Gothic church in the center of the painting. Only two candles light their way. A newly dug grave yawns out of the snow in the foreground, near which several crosses can be faintly discerned. This lower third of the picture lies in darkness—only the highest part of the ruins and the tips of the leafless oaks are lit by the setting sun. The waxing crescent moon appears in the sky.
Development.
The picture appeared at a time when Friedrich had his first public success and critical acknowledgment with the controversial "Tetschener Altar". Although Friedrich's paintings are landscapes, he designed and painted them in his studio, using freely drawn plein air sketches, from which he chose the most evocative elements to integrate into an expressive composition. "The Abbey in the Oakwood" is based upon studies of the ruins of Eldena Abbey, which reappear in several other paintings. The same trees, in slightly altered forms, can also be seen in other works.
Eldena Abbey may well have had personal meaning for Friedrich, as it was destroyed during the Thirty Years War by invading Swedish troops, who later used bricks from the abbey to construct fortifications. In the painting Friedrich draws a parallel between those actions and the use of Greifswald churches as barracks by occupying French soldiers. Thus, the funeral becomes a symbol of "the burial of Germany's hopes for resurrection".
Friedrich may have begun work on "The Abbey in the Oakwood" in June 1809 after a stay in Rügen, Neubrandenburg. On 24 September 1810, shortly before the Berlin Academy exhibition, Carl Frederick Frommann described the setting sun and half-moon of the nearly-finished painting.

</doc>
<doc id="20317920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20317920" title="Poulet au fromage">
Poulet au fromage

Poulet au fromage () is a French dish, meaning, literally, "chicken with cheese". 
Ingredients.
Pieces of chicken are coated with flour, salt and pepper, and then sautéed. Some recipes call for various types of cooking oil, some call for butter, and some call for both. Some recipes call for sauteing an onion with the chicken. After the chicken is browned, white wine is added to the cooking pan. Some recipes call for leaving the chicken in the pan while the wine is reduced, while others call for first removing the chicken, then using the wine to deglaze the pan, and then pouring the wine sauce over the chicken.
The chicken and wine, combined in a dish, are then baked, after which a sauce made of cheese (often Emmenthal or Gruyère or both), egg yolks, and crème fraîche is poured over it. The sauce often contains a sprinkle of nutmeg, a pinch of thyme, parsley, garlic, or a bay leaf.
Some recipes call for garnishment with capers, and /or flavoring using lardons.
Poulet au Fromage is served with white wine, and often bread and salad.

</doc>
<doc id="20318029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318029" title="Wes Thomas">
Wes Thomas

Wesley Alexander Nevada "Wes" Thomas (born 23 January 1987) is an English footballer who plays for Rotherham United.
He began his career in non-league football with various clubs in and around London before making his debut in the Football League for Dagenham & Redbridge in 2008. After loan spells in the Conference with Grays Athletic and Rushden & Diamonds, he spent a season with League Two club Cheltenham Town. He briefly joined Crawley Town before moving into League One with AFC Bournemouth. After one full season at Bournemouth, he went out on loan again, to Portsmouth, Blackpool and Birmingham City.
Career.
Thomas previously played for Fisher Athletic, Thurrock and Waltham Forest before making his debut in the Football League with Dagenham & Redbridge.
He joined Conference Premier club Grays Athletic on loan in December 2008; he made eight appearances and scored twice before his loan ended at the end of January 2009. He joined Rushden & Diamonds in March 2010 on loan until the end of the season, but never appeared for the first team, and was transfer-listed by Dagenham & Redbridge as they restructured the team following their promotion to League One.
Cheltenham Town.
In July 2010, Thomas signed a one-year contract with League Two club Cheltenham Town. He scored his first goal for the club in a 1–1 draw against Gillingham on the opening day of the season, and followed up with two against Crewe Alexandra on his second appearance. The club were keen for Thomas to sign an extended contract – by January 2011 he was top scorer with 12 goals – but was reluctant to do so because his pregnant girlfriend wanted to stay close to her London home. He scored regularly until the beginning of March, but produced only one more between then and the end of the season; this still left him as the club's top scorer, with 19 goals. He chose not to re-sign for Cheltenham, instead joining Crawley Town, newly promoted to League Two, on what Cheltenham chairman Paul Baker described as "staggering" wages.
Crawley Town.
Thomas signed a two-year contract with Crawley Town. Manager Steve Evans described him as "a natural goalscorer" with pace and good movement who was "still developing" as a player. He made his Crawley debut as a very late substitute on the opening day of the 2011–12 season, and scored in his second game, in a 2–0 win over Macclesfield Town. He was unable to dislodge Tyrone Barnett and Matt Tubbs from the starting eleven, and was unhappy about not playing.
Bournemouth.
Thomas joined League One club Bournemouth on 9 September, initially on a 93-day loan, with an agreement for the move to be made permanent for a "six-figure fee" when the January 2012 transfer window opened. In his second game, Thomas won a penalty, reacted to a rebound off the crossbar to score his first goal for the club, and set up a goal for Marc Pugh in a 3–1 victory over Leyton Orient. He began to develop a partnership with Michael Symes which both parties and manager Lee Bradbury thought could become productive. The day after his move to Bournemouth was made permanent, Thomas and Symes each scored in a 2–0 defeat of Wycombe Wanderers. Thomas finished the season with an even longer goal drought than he had at Cheltenham; this time he scored only once after January.
In the 2013–14 season, Thomas had been linked with League One side Swindon Town. But Bournemouth were reluctant to sell Thomas because they were "low on strikers at the moment." Having only making ten appearance in the first half of 2013–14 season, it was announced that he wouldn't be offered a new contract by the club when the 2013–14 season ended.
Portsmouth (loan).
The barren spell continued into the following season, amid competition from Lewis Grabban and Matt Tubbs for a starting spot, and on 28 September, manager Paul Groves allowed Thomas to leave on a month's loan to fellow League One club Portsmouth. The next day, he scored a late winner against Scunthorpe United to give Portsmouth their first home league victory of the season. He and Izale McLeod performed well as a strike pairing, and helped the club to four league wins and a draw in Thomas's first five matches for the club. He was reluctant to return to his parent club if he was not going be played, and Michael Appleton wanted to keep him at Portsmouth, but newly appointed manager Eddie Howe recalled him to Bournemouth with the intention of involving him in the squad.
Thomas said he thought Groves had not given him enough backing, and hoped for a fresh start under Howe, but a few days later he told the manager he wanted to leave.
Blackpool (loan).
On 22 November, Thomas followed Michael Appleton to Championship club Blackpool, on loan until 1 January 2013. His first goal came on 1 December in a 4–1 away win at Peterborough United. Although Appleton wanted him to stay, Thomas finished his spell at Blackpool with three goals from six games and returned to Bournemouth.
There was considerable interest in the player's services from Championship clubs including Derby County, Watford, Burnley and Appleton's latest club, Blackburn Rovers. But after three more appearances for Bournemouth, without scoring, Thomas signed for Birmingham City on loan until the end of the season.
Birmingham City (loan).
Thomas went straight into the starting eleven, partnering Marlon King, for Birmingham's 2–1 win against Nottingham Forest two days later. He played 71 minutes and missed a chance to score on debut, "plant a shot high and wide of the upright".
Thomas struggled to make an impact until scoring his first goals in a 3–1 win over Derby County on 9 March 2013. The first goal was described as "wrestle-turned two defenders and showed great determination before smashing the ball in from a tight angle on the left". After the match, Manager Lee Clark praised Thomas performance, quoting he "scored two, his hold up play was good and his work ethic is fantastic." Thomas, himself, expressed desire to stay at Birmingham City on a permanent deal. Four weeks later, on 6 April 2013, Thomas scored another goal in a 1–1 draw against Millwall, as he "never wavered and fired Blues into a 49th-minute lead, swivelling to shoot and score". At the end of the 2013–14 season, a permanent deal with Birmingham City was "doable, as the transfer fee required" despite Clark's desire to keep Thomas.
Rotherham United.
On 14 January 2014, Thomas signed for Rotherham United until the end of the season for an undisclosed fee.

</doc>
<doc id="20318100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318100" title="Breaking the Rules (film)">
Breaking the Rules (film)

Breaking the Rules is a 1992 drama film directed by Neal Israel, executive produced by Larry A. Thompson, starring Jason Bateman, C. Thomas Howell, Jonathan Silverman and Annie Potts. Jason's father, Kent Bateman, has a role in the movie as well.
Plot.
Phil (Jason Bateman) a cancer stricken man tricks his two best friends whom he hasn't seen in a long time to go on a road trip, by inviting them to a fake engagement party. This has the potential for problems because Gene (C. Thomas Howell) once stole Rob's girlfriend. Phil gets them to be friends again. He tells them of his illness and all three decide to go to Los Angeles for Phil's dying wish; to be a contestant on "Jeopardy." On the way they meet an attractive wild woman with a heart of gold.

</doc>
<doc id="20318127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318127" title="James William Hackett">
James William Hackett

James William Hackett is an American poet and philosopher born in Seattle, Washington in 1929, most notable for his work with haiku in English. The James W. Hackett Annual International Award for Haiku, named after him, was administered by the British Haiku Society from 1991 to 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20318128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318128" title="St. Michael and All Angels Anglican Church">
St. Michael and All Angels Anglican Church

St. Michael and All Angels Anglican Church is an Anglican church in the Copeland Park / Belair neighbourhood of Ottawa, Canada. The priest is the Rev. Dr. Linda Privitera (Nov.2008). 

</doc>
<doc id="20318137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318137" title="Pterygioteuthis gemmata">
Pterygioteuthis gemmata

Pterygioteuthis gemmata is a species of squid in the family Pyroteuthidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20318138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318138" title="Diane Kern">
Diane Kern

Diane Kern (born March 18, 1966 in Dumas, Texas) is an independent filmmaker who wrote, directed, and produced two independent feature films: "To Love A Mexican" and "Bloom". She is the owner of Wintershine Productions, formerly known as DSK Film Productions. A third feature film titled "La La Land" is in production with other projects in line. Along with her feature films, Diane is also the producer and director for the biography documentary of award winning British composer Christopher Gunning titled Christopher's Music.
Ms. Kern graduated from Oklahoma State University–Stillwater in 1991 with a Bachelor's degree in Television Broadcasting and Journalism.
References.
http://www.wintershineproductions.com/index2.php?v=v1
http://uk.imdb.com/title/tt1220590/
http://www.bloommove.info
http://www.stwnewspress.com/peopleplaces/x1865824511/People-and-Places-04-22-12
http://www.google.com/search?q=diane+kern&rlz=1T4AURU_enUS499US502&tbm=isch&tbo=u&source=univ&sa=X&ei=QsKTUdvfI8KWrgHD6oHADQ&ved=0CEAQsAQ&biw=1280&bih=575#imgrc=qPx0wWP-SMH2AM%3A%3BO9C5ekNWpN1kIM%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fb.vimeocdn.com%252Fps%252F436%252F863%252F4368631_300.jpg%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fvimeo.com%252Fbloomthemovie%3B300%3B300
http://vimeo.com/bloomthemovie

</doc>
<doc id="20318150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318150" title="The Portal">
The Portal

The Portal (located at ) is the gap between the Lashly Mountains and Portal Mountain, through which the main stream of the Skelton Glacier enters the Skelton Névé from the polar plateau. The descriptive name was given in January 1958 by a New Zealand party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition (CTAE), 1956-58.
References.
1. USGS Geographic Names Information System (GNIS) (http://geonames.usgs.gov)

</doc>
<doc id="20318165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318165" title="Timepiece (album)">
Timepiece (album)

Timepiece is a 1994 album of 1930s and 1940s jazz standards by Country music superstar Kenny Rogers, released on 143/Atlantic Records. It was produced by David Foster. The album did not chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20318189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318189" title="Spanish Affair">
Spanish Affair

Spanish Affair is a 1957 American-Spanish co-produced drama film directed by Don Siegel and Luis Marquina. It featured Carmen Sevilla, Richard Kiley and José Guardiola.
Plot.
Merritt Blake, a young American architect, comes to Spain to close a series of commercial agreements. When he learns that he will need to convince three Spanish architects of the design which he has proposed, he insists on inviting Mari (Antonio's assistant) to function as interpreter.
They set off, first to visit the Conde de Rivera, who tells Merritt that he will support the project if his colleague in Barcelona favors the plan. Mari cautions Merritt that this is not a "done deal."
On the way to Barcelona, Mari notices that her former boyfriend is following her. She fears that he will assume she is involved inappropriately with the architect. She tries to return to Madrid, but the architect insists she continue the journey with him.
Curiosities.
One of the cars which appears in the film is a Pegaso Z-102 Spyder.
References.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0052230/
http://www.filmaffinity.com/es/film182752.html

</doc>
<doc id="20318218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318218" title="Hamlet (Tchaikovsky)">
Hamlet (Tchaikovsky)

Shakespeare's Hamlet was the inspiration for two works by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky: the overture-fantasia "Hamlet", Op. 67a, and incidental music for the play, Op. 67b.
Overture-Fantasia, Op. 67a.
Tchaikovsky wrote the "Hamlet" overture-fantasia, Op. 67a, between June and 19 October 1888, overlapping the scoring of his Fifth Symphony. 
The idea of a "Hamlet" overture had first occurred to Tchaikovsky in 1876, as outlined in his plans in a letter to his brother Modest. At that time, he conceived it in three parts: 
However, by 1888 he had altered these notions. The actor Lucien Guitry asked him to write some incidental music for a production of Shakespeare's play, to which Tchaikovsky agreed. The planned performance was cancelled, but Tchaikovsky decided to finish what he had started, in the form of a concert overture. There is no musical enactment of the events of the play, or even a presentation of the key characters. The work adopts the same scheme he used in his other Shakespeare pieces, the fantasy-overture "Romeo and Juliet" (1869, revised 1870 and 1880) and the symphonic fantasy "The Tempest" (1873), in using certain characteristics or emotional situations within the play. The essence of the work is the brooding atmosphere depicting Elsinore, but there is an obvious love theme, and a plaintive melody on the oboe can be seen to represent Ophelia.
What makes "Hamlet" unique from other works of Tchaikovsky fantasy is the lack of a structural development. The standard form of this music has an exposition, a development, and concludes with a recapitulation. Tchaikovsky did not clearly emphasize a development section in "Hamlet." There is no section that fulfills the duties of a development, causing "Hamlet" to be a unique piece that is of linear, not symmetrical, structure.
The "Hamlet" overture-fantasia was dedicated to Edvard Grieg, whom Tchaikovsky had met in Leipzig in early 1888 on the same occasion that he met Johannes Brahms. He described Grieg as "an extraordinarily charming man". 
The Symphony No. 5 was premiered on 17 November 1888, and the "Hamlet" overture-fantasia had its first performance a week later, on 24 November. Both performances were in Saint Petersburg, and Tchaikovsky conducted both of them. While "Hamlet" was not a great success, it still received a better initial reception than the symphony did, but it has subsequently assumed a lower profile in Tchaikovsky's works.
Excerpts from the score were used in the 2005 ballet "Anna Karenina", choreographed by Boris Eifman.
Incidental music, Op. 67b.
Lucien Guitry again asked Tchaikovsky to write incidental music for "Hamlet". This time, it was for a benefit production on 21 February 1891 at the Mikhaylovsky Theatre in Saint Petersburg, and it was to be Guitry's farewell performance. Tchaikovsky started work on the incidental music on 13 January, but found it difficult. He was exhausted from completing "The Queen of Spades", which had premiered to a triumph in December 1890. Also that month, his patroness Nadezhda von Meck had severed her connection with him. He was also suffering an affliction of the right hand. For these reasons he had cancelled his conducting engagements in Mainz, Budapest and Frankfurt, and retired for rest and recuperation to Frolovskoye. 
For the overture, he used the earlier stand-alone "Hamlet" overture-fantasia Op. 67a, but in a shortened form. In the 16 other numbers, as well as writing some new music, he also used material from the incidental music to "The Snow Maiden", Op. 12 (1873), from the "alla tedesca" movement of the Third Symphony (1875), and from the "Elegy for Ivan Samarin" (1884). The writing was finished by 3 February. Tchaikovsky travelled from Moscow to attend the performance in Saint Petersburg. He enjoyed the performance for the acting, but he never thought much of the music he had produced, and refused permission for it to be used in a later production in Warsaw. 
The complete incidental music has been released on compact disc and in MP3 form.[http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0000B170S]

</doc>
<doc id="20318219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318219" title="Gary White">
Gary White

Gary White may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20318232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318232" title="Patti Miner">
Patti Miner

Pat Marie Gagon (born December 12, 1955) is an American actress, singer, author and entrepreneur most notable for her gospel country style of music. and hit solo single "Outlaw Blues".
Biography.
Early life.
Born Pat Marie Gagon in Utah to Marie and Fred Gagon, Patti was raised as a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, along her three sisters: Utahna, Sharon, and Carol; and three brothers: Richard, Ira and Fred Jr. Patti started singing in church at age of 6 and performed in community plays and appeared on television. In her high school, Orem High, she performed in the live band “Peace and Happiness.”
Education and Early Career.
She later attended Brigham Young University and got degrees in Psychology, Musical Theater and Education. She taught Bonneville Elementary School's 2nd grade class in the first televised Open Class Room. After graduation, she taught at the Junior College and started the Dance Team and Cheer Squads at Utah Technical Center, (currently Utah Valley University).
Mrs. Utah.
Patti went on to enter the Mrs. America pageant and won Mrs. Utah 1984.
Music career.
Patti signed with the BMG label in 1993 and recorded the albums; “Deep and Wide” “Outlaw Blues” and “Gospel Album of Inspirational Favorites” She has three Country Music Videos seen on television CMT, TNN and the Branson Networks PattiMiner.com Website and Utube Outlaw Blues, Here Goes Nothing and Going Home. Patti toured the United States with her band and was a pre-act for Dan Seals. Patti signed with Platinum Plus Universal in 2007 and recorded the “Never Give Up” album in 2008. She performs with her current band “Patti Miner and The River Bottom Boys.”
Acting career.
Patti was in the movie “Christmas Mission” directed by Michael Schaertl as well as “Porter Rockwell” and “Choke Canyon” by Paramount Pictures.
Personal life.
Patti is married to husband M. Vinson Miner and has three daughters and a son. Patti's nephew, SGT Shane Fansler, is currently serving in Afghanistan with the elite 3rd Brigade, 10th Mountain Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20318275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318275" title="Manokin Presbyterian Church">
Manokin Presbyterian Church

The Manokin Presbyterian Church is a historic church located in Princess Anne, Somerset County, Maryland. It is a -story brick structure with a three-story entrance tower on the east end. The walls of the main section were built in 1765, and the tower was added in 1888. It is one of the first organized Presbyterian Churches established in America. In 1672, a group of Scotch-Irish Presbyterians who had settled on the Eastern Shore of Maryland, petitioned the Grand Jury of Somerset County for a civil permit to hold services of worship and to have their own minister. The permission was granted, and Robert Maddox was called by the Grand Jury to preach on the third Sunday of each month, at the home of Christopher Nutter, 'at the head of the Manokin River,' the present site. In 1680 a request was sent by Colonel Stevens of Rehobeth to the Presbytery at Laggan, Ireland, for an ordained minister, and three years later, in answer to that request, the Reverend Francis Makemie, a 25-year-old, recently ordained minister, arrived in Somerset County. Under his leadership, this church, and those at Rehobeth, Pitts Creek, Snow Hill, and Wicomico were organized. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20318294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318294" title="Connie Dion">
Connie Dion

Joseph Conrad Etienne Dion (born August 11, 1918) is a professional hockey player who played for the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League.
While playing for the Buffalo Bisons in 1949-50, Dion won the AHL's Harry (Hap) Holmes Memorial Award, given to goaltenders with the lowest goals-against average. He helped design the Asbestos Golf Course where a tournament in his name was held for many years and the Asbestos hockey arena now holds his name

</doc>
<doc id="20318320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318320" title="John Caselberg">
John Caselberg

John Caselberg (1927, Wakefield – 16 April 2004, Dunedin) was a prominent New Zealand writer, based in Dunedin. His work ranged through poetry and playwriting to short stories and essays. Along with his wife, artist Anna Caselberg, he was at the centre of a thriving art and literary milieu which included his good friend and collaborator Colin McCahon, father-in-law Toss Woollaston, and writer Charles Brasch. Caselberg was awarded the Robert Burns Fellowship from Otago University in 1961.
The Caselberg Trust, a charitable trust supporing artists, is named in honour of John and Anna Caselberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20318343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318343" title="The Blue and Gold">
The Blue and Gold

The Blue and Gold (also known by the alternative title of An Annapolis Story and Navy Air Patrol) is a 1955 American drama film directed by Don Siegel and starring John Derek, Diana Lynn and Kevin McCarthy.
Plot.
Two brothers at the Annapolis United States Naval Academy fall in love with the same girl, with the Korean War looming on the horizon.

</doc>
<doc id="20318365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318365" title="Mary Jane Auch">
Mary Jane Auch

Mary Jane Auch is an author and illustrator of children's books, including "One Plus One Equals Blue", "Ashes of Roses", "The Road to Home", "Journey to Nowhere" and the "I was a Third Grade ..." series of books for younger readers. "The Princess and the Pizza", a collaboration with Herm Auch, was an International Reading Association Children's Choice in 2003 and won the 2003 Storytelling World Award. as well as being nominated for the Young Hoosier Picture Book Award and the Show Me Readers Award.
After graduating from Skidmore College, she working designing patterns for textiles and in occupational therapy with children. She married graphic artist Herm Auch in 1967 and started her writing career after raising her family.

</doc>
<doc id="20318435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318435" title="New Hampshire Wildlife Federation">
New Hampshire Wildlife Federation

The New Hampshire Wildlife Federation (NHWF) is a non-profit member organization promoting conservation, environmental education, sportsmanship, and outdoor activities such as hunting, fishing, trapping, camping, and photography. Its mission statement is "To be the leading advocate for the promotion and protection of hunting, fishing and trapping as well as the conservation of, and access to, fish and wildlife habitats."
History and mission.
In the 1930s, Jay Norwood Darling, the force behind the Federal Wildlife Restoration Program, was touring the country urging sportsmen and women to unite in order to protect local habitats and the future of outdoor sports. A small group of foresighted New Hampshire sportsmen heeded this call and the New Hampshire Wildlife Federation was born, founded in 1933 as the Federated Sportsmen's Club of New Hampshire.
Shortly thereafter, a national movement of all the state groups that started under Darling met in Washington, DC and in 1963 became affiliated with the new National Wildlife Federation. NHWF remained affiliated with the NWF until 2005, when policy differences led to the NHWF disaffiliating from the NWF. The name of the organization was changed to the New Hampshire Wildlife Federation sometime in the early 1970s. NHWF was organized as a 501(c)4 non-profit organization at that time, but became a 501(c)3 in 2001.
The mission of the New Hampshire Wildlife Federation has been revised several times over the years. The current mission reads:
"To be the leading advocate for the promotion and protection of hunting, fishing and trapping as well as the conservation of, and access to, fish and wildlife habitats."
NHWF is governed by a Board of Directors composed of fifteen Directors, four Officers (President, Vice President, Treasurer, and Secretary), and the Immediate Past President.
Affiliated clubs and organizations are entitled to two voting delegates and two alternates. It is these delegates and the board of Directors who set policies for NHWF. The Board of Directors has fiduciary responsibilities and the obligation to carry out established policy. The Board of Directors is responsible for the hiring and supervision of the executive director.
For many years, NHWF was strictly a volunteer organization. In the late 1970s, Dr. Joseph Ezyk, an economics professor at Saint Anselm College and a dedicated sportsman, realized that to be a serious force in the conservation movement, NHWF needed to be revitalized. It was at about this time that the dam at Sewall's Falls in Concord, New Hampshire breached and an outstanding fishery was discovered. Dr. Ezyk and a few other dedicated volunteers hired an Executive Director (Bob Carlson), re-established the organizations newspaper, visited sporting clubs and recruited members. Keeping rivers such as the Merrimack in Concord open and free flowing was the objective of the new NHWF.
Among the accomplishments since those early years has been the Sewall's Falls project, stopping a dam at Livermore Falls, writing the legislation that established the moose management program and moose hunt, creating public access legislation that has been the only success in providing public access to the state's water, insisting that game and fishing season be set by the professional managers at the Fish and Game Department, not by the whims of the Legislature, allowing sporting clubs a voice in the selection of Fish and Game Commissioners, and keeping fish and game funds secure in the department and not siphoned to the general fund of the state. NHWF was also a key player in the establishment of the Non-Game and Endangered Wildlife division at Fish and Game and helped provide the initial funding for that program. NHWF has played an important role in establishing the new Land and Community Heritage Commission.
Other programs NHWF helped establish include Operation Game Thief (now under the Fish and Game Department)and Becoming an Outdoors Woman of New Hampshire. NHWF co-sponsored the North Country Legislative Tour for six years, established the Hides for Habitats Program, and helped distribute 3,500 National Wildlife Week kits to every third, fourth and fifth grade classroom in the state.
NHWF publishes a bi-monthly newspaper, New Hampshire Wildlife, and maintains this web presence.
NHWF works very closely with other conservation groups such as the Society for the Protection of New Hampshire Forests, New Hampshire Audubon, The Nature Conservancy, NH Timberland Owners Association, and others. NHWF in the past has held seats on many state boards and commissions charged with oversight of natural resources such as the Forest Advisory Board, SPACE, Conte Wildlife Refuge Advisory Committee, Great Bay National Marine Estuary Advisory Committee and others.
NHWF works closely with the NH Fish and Game Department and help sponsor many programs such as Project Wild and Becoming and Outdoors Woman. As an independent organization, NHWF is often in a position to be vocal and act as an advocate for department issues when the department, as a state government department, cannot speak out.
In February 2009 the NHWF rallied sportspeople from across the state to organize and oppose NH House Bill 559 (HB559). The proposed bill was an attempt to remove the authority of the NH Fish & Game Commission, which helps the Executive Director oversee the affairs of the NH Fish and Game Department. Additionally this bill sought to force an animal rights activist onto the Commission under the guise of more broad representation. The House Committee responsible for Fish and Game, under Chairman Rep. Dennis Abbott voted 15-0 to "ITL" (inexpedient to legislate) or kill the bill. As of this writing, the bill still must go before the House for a vote. The NHWF and its supporters will continue its vigilance to make certain this bill does not move forward. Additional information: and [http://www.concordmonitor.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20090210/OPINION/902100307/1017 "
Executive committee.
The Executive Committee of the NHWF's board of directors is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20318479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318479" title="Chris Shephard">
Chris Shephard

Christopher John Shephard is an English footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Eastbourne Borough.
Career.
Shephard made his début for Exeter City, coming on as a substitute in the 89th minute, at home to Grimsby Town, in the 0–0 League Two draw on 18 October 2008. He was loaned to Salisbury City in the 2009–10 season. Shephard rejoined Salisbury City on a month-long loan deal in February 2011. He scored twice in a 4–1 win against Banbury United.
He scored his first professional goal for Exeter on 9 August 2011, against Yeovil Town in a 2–0 victory in the League Cup. In May 2012, Shephard was released by Exeter after the club was relegated from Football League One.
Shephard signed for Eastbourne Borough on 30 July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20318480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318480" title="Hiroyuki Tajima">
Hiroyuki Tajima

He is best known for his totally abstract prints with broad areas of rich dense color.

</doc>
<doc id="20318510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318510" title="Ballads (David Murray album)">
Ballads (David Murray album)

Ballads is an album by David Murray released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1988 and features six quartet performances by Murray with Fred Hopkins, Dave Burrell and Ralph Peterson Jr..
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Stephen Cook awarded the album 3 stars stating "Ballads is an excellent set on all levels and even the sound is superb. One of the best albums of the '80s. ".

</doc>
<doc id="20318521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318521" title="TACTIC (military program)">
TACTIC (military program)

Threat Agent Cloud Tactical Intercept & Countermeasure, or TACTIC, is a United States military research program whose goal is to detect, classify, and neutralize airborne biological and chemical warfare agents.
Overview.
As Dr. Karen Wood, program mangager of TACTIC in the Tactical Technology Office of DARPA, explains,
The purpose of the Threat Agent Cloud Tactical Intercept and Countermeasure (TACTIC) Program is to provide the United States (US) military with the capability to protect the warfighter from CWA/BWA threat clouds on the battlefield. The goal of the program is to provide a system that can rapidly detect and identify the presence of a typical threat cloud and provide a countermeasure to that cloud that will kill it before it reaches the intended target.
Detection and Discrimination.
The program's goal is to be able to detect and identify CWA/BWA threats within the time frame of one minute. Research includes such methodologies as:
Removal of Threat.
Upon successfully determining the nature of the CWA/BWA threat, "technologies that mimic the seeding of rain clouds will be developed for particulate bio-agents, and technologies that react with chemical agent vapor will be investigated." When an effective system for both identifying and countering the CWA/BWA threat is engineered, DARPA will then provide a prototype which will be vigorously tested in aerosol chambers. Only after completion of chamber testing will full-scale field testing commence.

</doc>
<doc id="20318535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318535" title="Clancy O'Connor">
Clancy O'Connor

Clancy O'Connor is an American actor who played Edward Rutledge in "John Adams", a 2008 television miniseries.
He graduated from Smoky Valley High School of Lindsborg, Kansas in 2000, then spent two years at the University of Kansas studying drama. He attended the Juilliard School's drama division as a member of "Group 35" (2002–2006), where he graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 2006.
O'Connor has made television appearances in "John Adams" (2008), "" (2011), "I Just Want My Pants Back" (2012), and "Smash" (2012).
He is openly gay.

</doc>
<doc id="20318537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318537" title="Bob Carter (cricketer, born 1937)">
Bob Carter (cricketer, born 1937)

Robert George Mallaby Carter (born 11 July 1937), known as Bob, is a former English cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket for Worcestershire. He was capped by the county in 1965, and was awarded a benefit season in 1963, which raised about £7,000. All but two of his 523 first-class wickets came for Worcestershire; the others were obtained for MCC in the very last game of his career.
Carter did not make his debut until the age of nearly 24, when he played for Worcestershire against Oxford University in early June 1961, taking four wickets in the second innings.
That was his only first-team appearance of the season, and County Championship appearances had to wait until 1962, when he became a regular in the side from mid-season onward, finishing with a more than handy 70 wickets at 22.07 apiece. He was in fact to exceed this aggregate only once, in 1971 when he claimed 79 successes.
For the early part of his career, Carter was somewhat overshadowed by his more illustrious team-mates Len Coldwell and Jack Flavell, but nevertheless managed to make many appearances, especially when his England team-mates were engaged on Test duties.
In 1965, the year in which he was capped, he turned in a remarkable performance against Lancashire. Having come into the team in place of Coldwell, who had been injured, in the second innings Carter returned an analysis of 4.1–2–7–6, including a hat-trick, as Lancashire were dismissed for 55.
Throughout the rest of the 1960s Carter was in and out of the side, with the nearest he got to being a regular in 1968, when he played 18 times. For the most part he chipped in with useful wickets without producing anything really special. However in 1971 he enjoyed his best season: in 27 first-class games he took 79 wickets at just over 30, but he also found the increasing importance of one-day cricket to his liking. Worcestershire won the John Player League that season, and Carter played all but one match in the campaign.
He achieved career-best innings returns in both forms of the game during 1971: 7/61 in the Championship against Yorkshire at Dudley (the last-ever first-class match at the ground),
and 5/27 against Sussex in the John Player League.
Carter's Worcestershire career came to an abrupt end midway through the 1972 season, and he was to play only one more first-class game, for MCC against Kent in May 1973. This, Carter's only appearance in major cricket for a side other than Worcestershire, saw him end on the losing side: a second-innings duck saw Kent record an 8-run victory. He took only two wickets in the game, but they were not bad ones with which to bow out: he accounted for Colin Cowdrey in both innings!
Although Carter's batting was generally extremely poor, as evidenced by his career batting average of under five in both forms of the game, he did play one significant – if ultimately fruitless – innings. In the 1963 Gillette Cup final against Sussex at Lord's, he came to the wicket with Worcestershire 133/9, needing 35 runs to win. In fading light,
he and wicket-keeper Roy Booth added 21 before Carter was run out to end the match.

</doc>
<doc id="20318545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318545" title="New Prairie United School Corporation">
New Prairie United School Corporation

New Prairie United School Corporation (NPUSC) is a school district based in New Carlisle, Indiana, USA, serving students from Rolling Prairie, New Carlisle, and other small towns in the area. This school was a combined product of New Carlisle High School and Rolling Prairie High School, the names of the schools were combined as well.
Athletics.
New Prairie High School's athletic director is Mr. Brian Williamson. IHSAA sports offered include:
Extra Curricular.
Robotics Team.
New Prairie's Robotics Team 4368 competed in the Illinois State Championships on Saturday, December 11, 2010. The team finished the preliminary matches ranked 13th out of 28 teams. More information can be found at their website: http://www.laspumas2197.org/History.html
They also have a FRC team; team 2197, "Las Pumas", that is now a veteran team.
High School Choirs.
The singing program at New Prairie is divided into four choirs:
Theater Company.
Mrs. Cortny Barnes directs New Prairie Theater Company Fall play and Spring musical each year. In 2010-11, the theater presented "Moon over Buffalo" and "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat". In 2011-12, the theater presented "Once Upon a Mattress" and "The Murder Room". This year, the Theatre Company will be presenting, "Footloose," on November 15, 16, 17. This will be the Theatre Company's 20th show in its 8th year.
Band.
New Prairie's band was led by Mark Belsaas until May of 2012, and is now led by Ms. Tiffany Galus. Home football games include the NP Marching Band; known as the Marching Cougars. The Marching Cougars also perform in many parades in the summertime; such as the Walkerton, Bremen, LaPorte, New Carlisle, and Indy 500 parades. Concert Band is during the winter. Jazz and Pep-Band play at the home basketball games. In 2010 and 2011 the marching band won first place in the LaPorte Fourth of July Parade, led by Mark Belsaas. They also have played at the Indy 500, as well as Indiana and Purdue Universities. Band nominees compete with the All-State honors band in ISSMA. NPHS is honored to have such a fine Band.
Clubs.
Other Clubs include: Academic Decathlon, Bowling, Cheerleading, FBLA, French Club, French Honor Society, Hoosier Academic Super Bowl, Hoosier State Spell Bowl, Karate Club, Key Club, Mock Trial, Model Club, National Honor Society, Pep Club, PSA, Quiz Bowl, Robotics, Rocket Club, RSVP, SADD, Soccer, Spanish Club, Spanish Honor Society, Student Senate, Varsity Letter Club, Yearbook
Board of education.
The district is operated by a 5-member Board of Education. Members (as of 2012) are:
Schools.
The district, located in northwest Indiana, includes 1 high school, 1 middle school, and 3 elementary schools.
Elementary schools.
In December 2011, Prairie View Elementary and Rolling Prairie Elementary Schools of the New Prairie United School Corporation were recognized as 2010-2011 Four Star Schools by the Indiana Department of Education. Out of 1,780 Indiana public schools, 162 earned this distinction. Eleven of 238 non-public schools also received the honor this year. To be considered a Four Star School, a school's combined English/Language Arts and Math ISTEP+ passing percentages must fall into the top 25th percentile when compared to schools statewide. A school must also have made Adequate Yearly Progress under the federal No Child Left Behind Act to qualify.

</doc>
<doc id="20318571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318571" title="Vallecas CF">
Vallecas CF

Vallecas Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team based in Vallecas, Madrid, in the autonomous community of Madrid. Founded in 1967, it plays in Preferente, holding home games at "Estadio Nuestra Señora de la Torre", which has a capacity of 2,500 spectators.
History.
Vallecas was founded in 1967, spending the first four decades of its existence fluctuating between the regional championships and the national fourth division.

</doc>
<doc id="20318670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318670" title="Live at the Hollywood Bowl">
Live at the Hollywood Bowl

Many artists have released video and audio records of their live performance at the Hollywood Bowl, an amphitheater in Los Angeles:

</doc>
<doc id="20318722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318722" title="Deep River (David Murray album)">
Deep River (David Murray album)

Deep River is an album by David Murray released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1988 and features seven quartet performances by Murray with Fred Hopkins, Dave Burrell and Ralph Peterson Jr..
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Brian Olewnick awarded the album 3 stars stating "Essential? Perhaps not, but of a piece with his generally strong work from the late '80s and a perfectly enjoyable listen. ".

</doc>
