<doc id="20350065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350065" title="Common torpedo">
Common torpedo

The common torpedo, ocellate torpedo, or eyed electric ray ("Torpedo torpedo") is a species of electric ray in the family Torpedinidae, found in the Mediterranean Sea and the eastern Atlantic Ocean from the Bay of Biscay to Angola. It is a benthic fish typically encountered over soft substrates in fairly shallow, coastal waters. Growing to long, this species has a nearly circular pectoral fin disc and a short, thick tail with two dorsal fins of nearly equal size and a large caudal fin. It can be identified by the prominent blue spots on its back, which usually number five but may vary from zero to nine, as well as by the small knobs on the rims of its spiracles.
For attack and defense, the common torpedo can deliver a strong electric shock of up to 200 volts. It is a solitary, nocturnal ambush predator that feeds mainly on bony fishes and crustaceans. This species is aplacental viviparous, with the developing embryos nourished by yolk and histotroph ("uterine milk") produced by the mother. Females produce litters of up to 28 young every year in late summer or autumn, after a gestation period of 4–8 months; the specifics vary between geographical regions. The common torpedo's shock is painful but otherwise of little danger to humans. Its electrogenic properties led it to be used in medicine by the ancient Greeks and Romans. In modern times, it has no economic value and is mostly discarded when caught as bycatch in fisheries. The impact of fishing on its population is uncertain, and pending more data the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed it as Data Deficient.
Taxonomy.
The common torpedo and other electric rays were familiar to the peoples of classical antiquity. "Torpedo" was the Roman name for electric rays, derived from Latin "torpere" meaning "to be numb". Carl Linnaeus, known as the "father of taxonomy", scientifically described the common torpedo as "Raja torpedo" in the 1758 tenth edition of his "Systema Naturae". However, the common torpedo also appeared in at least 52 pre-Linnaean sources under various names such as "Torpedo", "Raja tota lævis", "Torpedo maculosa", and "Torpedo Sinûs Persici". These early accounts, including Linnaeus's, confounded the common torpedo with other electric ray species. As Linnaeus did not indicate any type specimens, the designation of a lectotype or neotype is warranted in the interest of taxonomic stability. This measure has yet to be taken.
André Marie Constant Duméril was the first author to refer to "Torpedo" as a genus, in his 1806 "Zoologie analytique, ou méthode naturelle de classification des animaux". Duméril did not name any "Torpedo" species; the first author to do so was probably Charles Lucien Bonaparte, who assigned Linnaeus's "Raja torpedo" to the genus "Torpedo" in 1838. Since at the time "T. torpedo" was the only member of the genus, it became the type species. Within the genus "Torpedo", the common torpedo is placed within the subgenus "Torpedo", which differs from the other subgenus "Tetronarce" in having spiracles with papillate rims and ornate dorsal coloration. This species may also be referred colloquially to as crampfish, cramp ray, or torpedo ray.
Distribution and habitat.
Native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean, the common torpedo occurs from the Bay of Biscay to Angola, including all around the Mediterranean Sea. A single record from Belgian waters was most likely erroneous. In European waters, it is encountered less frequently than other electric ray species. This species prefers warmer temperatures. It is rare north of the Mediterranean, and within the Mediterranean it is more common off North Africa than off southern Europe. The common torpedo is a bottom-dweller usually found close to shore at depths of , though it has occasionally been reported from as deep as . It inhabits soft-bottomed habitats such as sandy flats and seagrass beds.
Description.
The pectoral fin disc of the common torpedo is almost circular in shape and about 1.3–1.4 times wider than long. The front margin of the disc is nearly straight. The two large, kidney-shaped electric organs are visible beneath the skin on either side of the head. The eyes are small and followed by spiracles of comparable size. The lateral and posterior rims of the spiracles bear small, low knobs, which diminish in size with age and may be indiscernible in larger individuals. On the "nape" behind the spiracles, there is a pair of prominent mucous pores. There is a wide, quadrangular flap of skin between the nostrils that almost reaches the mouth. The teeth are small and arranged in a dense quincunx pattern; each tooth has a single sharp cusp. There are around 22–24 and 20–22 tooth rows in the upper and lower jaws respectively. The five pairs of gill slits are placed on the underside of the disc.
The pelvic fins are distinct from the disc and have rounded outer margins. The short and thick tail bears skin folds along either side and two dorsal fins on top. The first dorsal fin is slightly larger than the second. The well-developed caudal fin is triangular with blunt corners, and is approximately as long as the space between it and first dorsal fin. The skin is smooth and soft, entirely lacking dermal denticles. The dorsal coloration of the common torpedo is light to dark brown, with distinctive large spots ("ocellae") on the disc; each ocellus is blue and encircled by darker and lighter rings. Typically there are five ocellae arranged symmetrically in a row of three and another of two; rays with 0–4 ocellae are less common, and those with more than five are rarer still. An unusual male with eight ocellae was caught off Tunisia, and another with nine off southern France. When present, the sixth ocellus is similarly sized to the first five and positioned at their center; any additional ocellae tend to be smaller than the first six and placed asymmetrically towards the snout. The underside is cream-colored, with dark disc margins. An adult albino female was captured off Tunisia. Males and females typically measure long respectively; the largest individual on record was long. Rays from off West Africa grow larger than those from the Mediterranean.
Biology and ecology.
As with other members of its family, the common torpedo can subdue prey and deter threats with strong electric shocks generated from a pair of large electric organs. Derived from muscle tissue, each organ is made up of 400–500 columns, each column constituting a stack of around 400 jelly-filled disks ("electroplaques"). The columns together essentially act as batteries connected in parallel. The discharge of the electric organs can reach 200 volts, and may occur singly or in bursts ("trains"). Experiments "in vitro" have found that the nerves inervating the electric organ essentially stop functioning at temperatures below . Winter water temperatures regularly drop below this threshold in the wild, suggesting the ray may not use its electric organs for part of the year, or has a yet-unknown physiological mechanism to adapt electric organ function to colder conditions.
Solitary and nocturnal, the common torpedo spends much time resting on the sea floor, often buried in sediment. It is an ambush predator that pounces onto prey and stuns them with electricity, the process taking only a fraction of a second. Once the prey is immobilized, it is manipulated to the mouth with motions of the disc, and swallowed whole. Adults feed almost entirely on small benthic bony fishes, including soles, herring, mullet, gobies, goatfishes, porgies, dragonets, and jack mackerels. Large decapod crustaceans are a minor secondary food source, while very rarely skates may be consumed. Juveniles are less exclusively piscivorous than the adults and feed on a variety of invertebrates as well. The most significant prey species differ between seasons and geographic regions. For example, in the Tyrrhenian Sea, juvenile common sole ("Solea solea") are by far the most important prey item in autumn and winter, but in spring and summer they become less available and other fishes figure more prominently in the ray's diet. Known parasites of this species include the tapeworm "Phyllobothrium lactuca", and the monogeneans "Amphibdella paronaperugiae" and "Amphibdelloides benhassinae".
Life history.
The common torpedo is aplacental viviparous, in which the embryos are sustained by yolk, supplemented by histotroph ("uterine milk") secreted by the mother. However, the organic content of the histotroph in this species is only 1.2%, much lower than in stingrays, and the embryo loses mass over the course of development as its initial yolk supply is expended for metabolic processes. Adult females have two functional ovaries and two functional uteruses, though the reproductive tract on the right side is more developed and consequently tends to carry more embryos. It has an annual reproductive cycle with well-defined seasonality, though the details differ between geographic regions. In the Mediterranean, mating occurs from December to February and birthing from late August to early September after a gestation period of 4–6 months; litter sizes range up to 19 and the newborns measure long. By contrast, off West Africa the gestation period lasts 6–8 months and birthing occurs from September to October; litter sizes range up to 28 and the newborns measure long. The litter size increases with female size.
Sexual segregation occurs during the breeding season as pregnant females move into shallow coastal waters. The common torpedo is unusual among sharks and rays in that birthing has been documented both at higher and at lower salinities than seawater, in estuaries and lagoons. Immediately after birth, this species is capable of producing electric shocks of up to four volts. Newborns grow rapidly, with a commensurate increase in electrogenic capacity: after four months, they almost double in weight and can generate 26 volts. Males and females mature sexually at similar lengths: respectively in the Tyrrhenian Sea, respectively off Egypt, for both off Tunisia, and respectively off Senegal.
Human interactions.
The electric shock of the common torpedo can be severe, but is not life-threatening. In classical antiquity, the electrogenic properties of this species led it (and other strongly electric fishes) to be used in medicine for the treatment of pain and diseases such as gout. For example, the Roman physician Scribonius Largus, in his "Compositiones medicae" ("c". 50 AD), recommended that chronic headaches be treated by the application of a live torpedo to the affected area. The common torpedo is edible, but is little-valued by commercial or artisanal fisheries and is mostly discarded when caught. Because of its shallow-water habits, it may survive being captured and discarded relatively well. It is susceptible to several types of demersal fishing gear, including bottom trawls and trammel nets; fishing activity is heavy within its range but no specific data regarding this species are available. As a result, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed it under Data Deficient. The common torpedo has been kept in aquariums, but requires live fish for food.

</doc>
<doc id="20350066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350066" title="World of Comedy Film Festival">
World of Comedy Film Festival

The World of Comedy Film Festival is an annual film festival held in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It usually takes place in the last week of February. It features comedies from Canada and all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20350076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350076" title="Beautiful as You">
Beautiful as You

Beautiful as You is the fourth single from The Whitlams sixth album, Little Cloud, although this is the first CD single from the album. It was released on February 20, 2007. On the ARIA singles charts it peaked at #40. The version of the song included on the single is a re-recorded version and is faster with more acoustic guitar. On the iTunes EP two bonus tracks were also included, two demos from 1992: "Friends" and "Wastin' Time". 

</doc>
<doc id="20350079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350079" title="Will Burtin">
Will Burtin

Will Burtin was a graphic designer from Cologne, Germany, known for interrelating design and scientific concepts within his exhibits. He was an influential designer, educator, and theorist in Germany and the United States. He arrived in the United States in 1939 after fleeing Nazism in Germany. In the U.S., he worked for Fortune Magazine and as an educator at Pratt Institute and the Parsons School of Design. He designed many exhibits for companies, such as Eastman Kodak, IBM, the Smithsonian, Mead Paper, Union Carbide, Herman Miller Furniture, and United States Information Agency. He received many awards and recognition for his work including a gold medal from AIGA. Many of his exhibits were reviewed in famous magazines, such as "Newsweek" and "Life Magazine". He was inducted into the Art Directors Club Hall of Fame in 1974. Will Burtin died on January 18, 1972, in Mount Sinai Hospital in New York. Burtin’s cause of death was mesothelioma, cancer caused by exposure to asbestos.
Early Life in Germany.
Will Burtin was born in Cologne, Germany, to August and Gertrud Bürtin on January 27, 1908. Burtin’s education was interrupted early during World War I when German armies took over his elementary school for cavalry barracks. Burtin also never graduated high school; instead, Burtin started studying topography at Handwerkskammer Köln. After graduation, Burtin studied graphic and industrial design at the Kölner Werkschulen in 1926. During his time studying topography and art, Burtin interned at the typesetting studio of Dr. Philippe Knöll. He worked for Knöll on exhibitions at GeSoLei in Dusseldorf.
In 1927, Burtin opened his own design studio in Cologne, in which he created booklets, posters, type books, exhibitions, displays, advertising, and movies for German, French, and other clients. He had this studio from 1927 to 1938. In 1930, Burtin started teaching in Berlin, where he met art student Hilde Munk. Burtin and Munk were married in 1932 and Munk became partner in her husband’s design studio, Entwurfe Bürtin, which in English translates as Designs by Burtin.
During the war, the Nazi Party was determined to win over the public opinion, which brought Will Burtin to the party's attention for its propaganda design. Nazi officials began asking Burtin to work for their cause, while also trying to persuade him to divorce his Jewish wife. Burtin was able to decline early Nazi attempts to hire him. Burtin always claimed that his work schedule was already too hectic to take on another responsibility. However in 1937, Nazi Propaganda Minister Josef Goebbels made an official request for Burtin to become the Ministry’s Director of Design. Burtin begged his clients for business requests in order to buy some time. Burtin’s wife Hilde took advantage of this stall to write an urgent letter to her cousin, Max Munk, in Maryland. She had asked him to sponsor the couple’s immigration into the United States. Munk responded to Hilde’s request by sending an affidavit. The affidavit was dated November 15, 1937 and it granted Will and Hilde Burtin a visa. Meanwhile back in Germany, Burtin was call upon again to Berlin, however this time to meet Adolf Hitler himself. Burtin tried disqualifying himself from working in the Nazi Party by mentioning his wife Hilde was Jewish. Unfortunately for Burtin, Hitler replied that his wife was not an issue and his first assignment would be to create an exhibit foretelling the impacts of Nazi culture. Again trying to buy time, Burtin replied to the invitation asking for a short vacation. He responded that he was honored to be considered but needed this short vacation to be well rested and prepared for his new duties and responsibilities with the Nazi Party. The Burtin’s decided under no circumstances would they work for the Nazi Party and they fled to the United States. They left behind all their personal belongings except a sample sheet of the typeface Firmin Didot.
Career in the United States.
After arriving in the United States from Germany, the Burtin’s settled in New York City. Will Burtin was hired for his first job with Munk Aeronautical Laboratory, which was Hilde's cousin's Max Munk's laboratory. After working with Munk Aeronautical Laboratory, Burtin received a contract with the United States Federal Works Agency, in which he had to create one major exhibit that represented the achievements of five departments in the Federal Works Agency.” The FWA required the exhibit to travel, meaning for it to be more than one-dimensional. The FWA taught Burtin how to create these types of designs in order for him to properly have this concept depicted in the exhibit. This is where Burtin first learned how to create three-dimensional designs; this technique helped him created many of his designs to come. In 1939, Burtin began teaching communication and advanced design at the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, NY and later was named chairman of the Department of Visual Communication in 1959.
In 1943, Will Burtin was drafted into the United States Army and assigned to the Office of Strategic Services. Burtin was assigned to create gun manuals for the U.S. Air Force and Army Air Force. The manual was called “Gunner’s Information File: Flexible Gunnery.” These gun manuals were being designed for the young soldiers in training. These manual were considered extremely important because they displayed vital information for trainees on how to handle their new firearm. Burtin, very concerned with the safety of the gunman, took this project very seriously. According to RIT's biography on Burtin, Will stated a gunman “was engaged in serious business in which his life might depend on the swift functioning of his knowledge and equipment.” Because many of these soldiers drafted were uneducated and some illiterate, this manual had to be clear, precise, and easy to understand.
As World War II was ending, Burtin was recruited by the publisher of Fortune Magazine, straight from the Army. According to the publisher, it was in the “nation’s interest” to let Burtin leave the army early to work for the magazine. He was recruited for the position of the Art Director, in which he remained from 1945 to 1949. Fortune Magazine did allow Burtin to do freelance work on the side which led to his partnership with the Upjohn Company and many others, such as Eastman Kodak, IBM, the Smithsonian, Mead Paper, Union Carbide, Herman Miller Furniture, and United States Information Agency. He was the designer and consultant on many of these clients’ projects. Burtin conducted his freelance work through his design studio he opened up with Hilda in New York City, named Will Burtin, Inc., in 1949. During this time, Burtin also started working at the Parsons School of Design, leading AIGA to name him a director with in the Institute.
United States Information Agency, 1958.
Through his contacts with the OSS, Burtin was able to obtain USIA as a regular client. The most successful exhibits made for USIA was “Kalamazoo…and how it grew!” Kalamazoo was selected by USIA to represent everyday life in an average American city, to be displayed to Europe. Burtin used personal thoughts and perspectives of the average citizen from Kalamazoo in this exhibit. This exhibit was so successful many different versions were created to be displayed in different European countries, such as England and Germany.
Eastman Kodak, 1960-1962.
In 1962, Burtin was able to gain Eastman Kodak as another major client. Burtin’s work with Eastman Kodak included new construction techniques and a unique roof design. The goal was to create the illusion that Kodak’s roof was a sea of clouds adults and children could walk on. These new techniques and designs brought considerable attention to Burtin’s Eastman Kodak Pavilion at the 1964-1965 World’s Fair. According to The Will Burtin Papers, the pavilion included an "eighty foot high photo tower and moon deck." Due to constant dispute with Kodak, Burtin’s agreement with the company was ceased before the pavilion was officially built; the Concrete Industry Board gave Burtin a special award in 1964 for its design.
Union Carbide, 1962.
Union Carbide was developing uranium to make nuclear fuel; therefore the company launched a huge campaign surrounding this and requested Burtin to design "The Atom in Action". He exhibit showcased at Union Carbide’s headquarters in New York City and represented the physics of nuclear energy. The depiction of the density of atomic energy was also presented. This exhibit also became a huge successful and remained popular for many years. "The Atom in Action" was exhibited at Union Carbide headquarters for several years.
Upjohn Company, 1949-1971.
Burtin took the position as Art Director of Upjohn’s publication Scope, while still art directing for Fortune Magazine, but did leave Fortune the same year. Scope was a magazine dedicated to conveying medical, scientific and pharmaceutical information. In 1959, Upjohn Company conducted a survey to see how many doctors or medical workers viewed their publication and the results were not has they would have liked. These results led Burtin to suggest one of the most notable projects he would design for Upjohn, creating a model of a human cell. "The Cell" exhibit was the first exhibit Burtin would design that demonstrated a human function as a gigantic three-dimensional visual. As explained in the book "Design and Science: the Life and Work of Will Burtin", "The Cell demonstrated the inter relatedness of cellular function, linkage among organelles, and a vision - Burtin’s vision - of a cell’s physical structure.” Being biology had not yet found out all the functions of a human cell, the exhibit was described as a “generalized” human cell. "The Cell" was an instant success, reaching several U.S. cities, including San Francisco, Kalamazoo, New York City, and Chicago. The exhibit also reached England. The exhibit was reviewed in "Newsweek" and "Life Magazine" and reached about 40 million people. Due to the huge success with "The Cell", Burtin went on to create many other exhibits representing biology principles for Upjohn Company, including "The Brain" and "The Chromosome", both were very successful.
Burtin received many awards for his designs. He received the Art Directors Club medal in 1939, 1941, 1955 and 1958. He received the AMA award in 1958 for his exhibit of The Cell. In 1971, Burtin was awarded a gold medal from AIGA for all his successful contributions to the field of design. He was inducted into the Art Directors Club Hall of Fame in 1974.
Style.
Mr. Burtin's own practice had transcended the “commercial art” model most common in the 1950s and 60s, and had gone on to synthesize design thinking with education and technology. Will Burtin focused on the relationship between spatial forms and their functions. With a designer's vision, he saw how molecules of a certain shape could be expressed through visual art. Examples of Burtin's work include “The Cell,” “The Genes in Action,” and other processes or microstructures that required a unique understanding of both art and science. His work was publicized in world press and a variety of scientific journals.
Personal life.
In 1930, Burtin started teaching in Berlin, where he met art student Hilde Munk. Burtin and Munk were married in 1932. Will and Hilda Burtin spent most of their lives dedicated to design and topography. Both worked in Burtin's design studio. The couple had one child named Carol, born on October 10, 1942. Will and Hilda were married from 1932 to 1960, when Hilda lost her battle to cancer. Hilda Burtin died on October 10, 1960. She was fifty years old at the time her death; Will and a friend stood by her side as she passed. October 10, 1960 was the same day of the Burtin’s daughter’s eighteenth birthday. Will was determined to hide the sad news from his daughter Carol; he had a friend call the next day, October 11, to break the news of her mother’s passing. Will kept this a secret until he passed and it wasn’t until seeing a copy of her mother’s death certificate did Carol realize her father's effort to shield the sad news from her.
In January 1961, Burtin remarried Cipe Pineles, a long time family friend. Burtin and his daughter Carol moved in with Pineles because their house had too many sad memories of Hilda Burtin. Pinles later adopted Carol in 1973, after the passing of Will Burtin.
Will Burtin died on January 18, 1972, in Mount Sinai Hospital in New York. Burtin’s cause of death was mesothelioma, which is cancer caused by exposure to asbestos. George Klauber, a long time friend, was by Burtin’s side at the time of his death. Burtin’s doctor determined it was possible Hilda Burtin died of the same cancer, which was unnamed at the time of her death.
Dedication.
After Burtin's death in 1972, The Cleveland Health Museum and Education Center took The Cell, Defense of Life, The Brain, and The Chromosome as permanent exhibits.
A biography of Will Burtin, "Design and Science: The Life and Work of Will Burtin" was published in 2007 by Lund Humphries, in London; jointly with Ashgate Publishing, in New York. Authors: R. Roger Remington and Robert Fripp, who is Burtin's son-in-law.

</doc>
<doc id="20350104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350104" title="Daeamsan">
Daeamsan

Daeamsan is a mountain in the province of Gangwon-do, South Korea. It sits on the boundary between the counties of Inje and Yanggu. Daeamsan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20350118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350118" title="United States presidential election in North Carolina, 2008">
United States presidential election in North Carolina, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in North Carolina was part of the national event on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C.. In North Carolina, voters chose 15 representatives, or electors, to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
North Carolina was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with a 0.32% margin of victory. Prior to the election, most news organizations considered the state as a toss-up, or swing state, but few truly believed Obama would win it. 
Only 2 of the 17 news/ political organizations listed here correctly predicted the result, an Obama victory. Throughout the general election, the state was heavily targeted by both campaigns. It was one of three Southern states (along with Florida and Virginia) that voted for Obama in 2008. A high turnout by African-American voters, bolstered by overwhelming support from younger voters were the major factors that helped deliver North Carolina's 15 electoral votes to Obama, making him the first Democratic presidential nominee to carry the state in 32 years. Prior to 2008, the last Democratic candidate to win North Carolina was Jimmy Carter in 1976. Bill Clinton came within 20,000 votes of winning the state in 1992.
Campaign.
Predictions.
A total of 17 news organizations made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
Early on, McCain won almost every single pre-election poll. However, on September 23, Rasmussen Reports showed Obama leading in a poll for the first time. He won the poll 49% to 47%. After that, polls showed the state being a complete toss-up, as both McCain and Obama were winning many polls and no candidate was taking a consistent lead in the state. Commentators attributed the drastic turnaround in the state to the influence of voter unhappiness about the financial crisis and the effectiveness of heavy advertising and organizing to get out the vote by the Obama campaign in the fall election. The final three polls found a tie with both candidate at 49%, which was accurate compared to the results.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $2,888,922 in the state. Barack Obama raised $8,569,866.
Advertising and visits.
Obama and his interest groups spent $15,178,674. McCain and his interest groups spent $7,137,289. The Democratic ticket visited the state 12 times. The Republican ticket visited the state 8 times.
Analysis.
The winner was not certain even several days after the election, as thousands of provisional and absentee ballots were still being counted. However, when it became evident that McCain would need to win an improbable majority of these votes to overcome Obama's election night lead, the major news networks finally called the state's 15 electoral votes for Obama. North Carolina was the second-closest state in 2008; only in Missouri was the race closer.
Situated in the South, which has become a Republican stronghold in recent elections, North Carolina is an anomaly. While very Democratic at the local and state level, the last Democratic presidential nominee to win the Tar Heel State was Jimmy Carter in 1976; not even the Southern moderate populist Bill Clinton from Arkansas could win North Carolina.
Obama decided early on to campaign aggressively in the state. It paid off quickly; most polls from spring onward showed the race within single digits of difference between the candidates. He also dramatically outspent McCain in the state and had an extensive grassroots campaign of organizing to get out the vote. This was also one of the closest statewide contests of 2008, as Obama captured North Carolina just by 0.32 percent of the vote - a margin of only 14,177 votes out of 4.2 million statewide. Only in Missouri was the race closer, where McCain nipped Obama by less than 4,000 votes, a margin of 0.14 percent.
Republicans have traditionally done well in the western part of North Carolina that is a part of Appalachia, while Democrats are stronger in the urbanized east. When a Democrat wins in North Carolina, almost everything from Charlotte eastward is usually coated blue. Even when Democrats lose, they often still retain a number of counties in the industrial southeast (alongside Fayetteville), the African-American northeast, the fast-growing I-85 Corridor in the Piedmont, and sometimes the western Appalachian region next to Tennessee. For example, a map of Bill Clinton's narrow 1992 loss in North Carolina shows him narrowly winning all these regions.
Obama did not take the traditional Democratic path to victory. Instead, his main margins came from the cities, where he did particularly well throughout the country. While Obama won only 35 of North Carolina's 100 counties, these counties contained more than half of the state's population.
Obama's victory margin came largely by running up huge majorities in the I-85 Corridor, a developing megalopolis which is home to more than two-thirds of the state's population and casts almost 70 percent of the state's vote. The state's five largest counties--Mecklenburg (home to Charlotte) Wake (home to Raleigh), Guilford (home to Greensboro), Forsyth (home to Winston-Salem) and Durham (home to Durham)--are all located in this area, and Obama swept them all by 11 percentage points or more. In 1992, Bill Clinton had been able to win only Durham County by this margin; he narrowly lost Forsyth and Mecklenburg (the latter was where Obama had his biggest margin in the state). Ultimately, Obama's combined margin of 350,000 votes in these counties was too much for McCain to overcome.
McCain did well in the Charlotte suburbs, Appalachian foothills and mountain country; he carried all but four counties west of Winston-Salem. Aside from the I-85 Corridor, Obama's results were mediocre in the traditional Democratic base. He lost badly in Appalachia, mirroring the difficulties he had throughout this region. Obama won only three counties in this region, one of which was Buncombe County, home to Asheville, the largest city in the region and a destination for retirees from the North. In the Fayetteville area, he did as well as Al Gore (who had lost North Carolina by double-digits).
Obama did not rely on the traditional Democratic base but rather a new coalition of city voters to win North Carolina. If he had not taken the five largest counties, Obama would have lost the state by a considerable margin; instead, he pulled off the narrowest victory by creating a unique coalition of voters. He particularly attracted highly affluent and educated migrants from the Northeast, who traditionally tend to vote Democratic; as well as African Americans, Hispanics (an increasing population in the state), and college students, voting blocs who had overwhelmingly supported him during the course of the 2008 Democratic presidential primary.
During the same election, Democrats picked up a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives in North Carolina's 8th congressional district, where incumbent Republican Robin Hayes was ousted by Democrat Larry Kissell, a high school social studies teacher who almost toppled Hayes in 2006. Kissell received 55.38% of the vote while Hayes took in 44.62%, a 10.76-percent difference. Democrats held onto the Governor's Mansion; term-limited incumbent Democratic Governor Mike Easley was ineligible to seek a third term but Lieutenant Governor Beverly Perdue defeated Republican Pat McCrory, the incumbent mayor of Charlotte. Perdue received 50.23% of the vote while McCrory took 46.90%, with the remaining 2.86% going to Libertarian Michael Munger. 
In a highly targeted U.S. Senate race, Democratic State Senator Kay Hagan defeated incumbent Republican Elizabeth Dole by a wider-than-anticipated margin - by 8.47 points. Hagan received 52.65% while Dole took 44.18%. The race received widespread attention after the National Republican Senatorial Committee (NRSC) ran its notorious "Godless" ad that accused Hagan, a Sunday school teacher, of accepting money from atheists and accused her of being an atheist. The adverse reaction resulting from the ad was considered a major factor contributing to Dole's defeat. At the state level, Democrats increased their gains in the North Carolina General Assembly, picking up five seats in the North Carolina House of Representatives and one seat in the North Carolina Senate.
According to exit polls, more than 95% of African American voters cast ballots for Obama. This played a critical role in North Carolina, as 95% of the state's registered African-American voters turned out, with Obama carrying an unprecedented 100% of African-American women, as well as younger African Americans aged 18 to 29, according to exit polling. Comparatively, the overall turnout of voters statewide was 69%.
Results breakdown.
By county.
Source: http://elections.nytimes.com/2008/results/states/president/north-carolina.html
By congressional district.
Despite Barack Obama winning North Carolina, John McCain carried seven of the state’s 13 congressional districts, including two districts represented by Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives.
Electors.
Technically the voters of North Carolina cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. North Carolina is allocated 15 electors because it has 13 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 15 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 15 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 15 were pledged to Barack Obama and Joe Biden:

</doc>
<doc id="20350127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350127" title="In the Middle of the House">
In the Middle of the House

"In the Middle of the House" is a novelty song written by Bob Hilliard. It was performed by Vaughn Monroe and separately by Rusty Draper in 1956. Each was released as a single. Monroe's version reached number 11 on "Billboard" Magazine's Most Played by Jockeys chart and number 21 on the magazine's Top 100 chart in September 1956. Draper's version, released only weeks later, peaked lower on the Most Played by Jockeys chart, climbing to number 24. Draper outdid Monroe by one spot on the Top 100, peaking at number 20. The song was quite popular in the UK as it was covered by Alma Cogan (# 20), Jimmy Parkinson (# 20) and the Johnston Brothers (# 27). All versions where in the UK charts simultaneously in November 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20350132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350132" title="American Brass Company">
American Brass Company

The American Brass Company was an American brass manufacturing company based in Connecticut and active from 1893 to 1960. The company's predecessors were the Wolcottville Brass Company and the Ansonia Brass and Battery Company. It was the first large brass manufacturing firm in the United States, and for much of its existence was the largest brass manufacturer in the country. It was purchased by the Anaconda Copper Company in 1922, and merged into Anaconda's other brass manufacturing concerns (losing its identity and name in the process) in 1960.
A modern company known as Ansonia Copper & Brass shares the name of the original firm, but is not related to it through any corporate history.
Early history.
In 1834, Israel Coe, a Connecticut farmer; John Hungerford, a Connecticut businessman; and Anson Greene Phelps, co-founder of the Phelps Dodge mining company, founded a brass mill in Wolcottville, Connecticut (now known as Torrington, Connecticut). The brass mill manufactured kettles and a limited number of brass buttons. The manufacturing works and most of the skilled workers had to be imported from Great Britain. This was not without significant physical danger, as British companies did not wish to lose their competitive edge and market share. Some skilled workers left England hidden in wooden casks. In 1841, the company went public: $51,000 in stock was issued to Coe, Hungerford and Phelps, and the company name changed to the Wolcottville Brass Company. The company now began to produce mostly rolled and sheet brass.
Anson Phelps purchased a large parcel of land at what is now Ansonia, Connecticut, in 1844. He founded the town of Ansonia, and built a dam across the Naugatuck River. He also built a canal and water reservoirs, and established a copper rolling mill. Phelps named the new company the Ansonia Brass and Battery Company ("battery" being the term then in use for hammering sheets of metal into kettles). Phelps later added a brass mill and a brass wire mill, and in 1869 added the manufacture of clocks to the company's business. On January 1, 1878, the clock business was spun off as the Ansonia Clock Company. In 1863, Lyman W. Coe, brother of Israel Coe, founded the Coe Brass Manufacturing Company in Torrington.
In 1892, Ansonia Brass sued inventor Alfred A. Cowles for patent infringement. The case went to the U.S. Supreme Court. In a major ruling in patent law, the Court held that merely applying an old process to a new and analogous purpose was not a patentable process, and voided Cowles' patent.
Formation of American Brass Co..
The American Brass Company was formed on June 7, 1893, as a holding company for six brass manufacturing companies: Plume & Atwood Manufacturing Company; Benedict & Burnham Manufacturing Company; Waterbury Brass Company; Scoville Manufacturing Company; Holmes, Booth and Haydens; and Coe Brass Manufacturing Company. Disagreements over which companies would manufacture which goods delayed formal incorporation until March 1, 1899. All the firms except for the Waterbury Brass Company and the Coe Brass Manufacturing Company withdrew from the new corporation. But the Ansonia Brass and Battery Company joined the new firm in their place. American Brass began operation on December 14, 1899. There were about 10,000 brass workers in the United States in 1900, and half of them worked for American Brass. Benedict & Burnham and Holmes, Booth and Haydens became part of American Brass in 1901. By 1909, American Brass manufactured two-thirds of all the brass in the United States, consumed one-third of all copper produced in the country, and was the largest fabricator of nonferrous metals in the world.
But the company failed to eliminate duplication in its manufacturing plants, and its administration remained decentralized. Until 1922, American Brass was one of the few companies whose structure consisted of autonomous businesses. Scovill Manufacturing, Inc., the next largest brass manufacturer, was able to expand its market share significantly as American Brass lagged. Despite its managerial challengers, American Brass was still a highly innovative company. It developed and patented a process for constructing hollow and ventilated busses from rectangular copper bars. The company also developed numerous new and unique metallurgical processes and alloys.
On January 1, 1912, the companies held by American Brass were dissolved and all of the firm's divisions began operating under the name of the American Brass Company. The company also expanded, taking over the Chicago Brass Company of Kenosha, Wisconsin; Waterbury Brass Goods Corporation; and the Ansonian Land and Water Power Company. In June 1917, American Brass bought the Buffalo Copper and Brass Rolling Mills, the largest independent brass rolling mill in the country (one which employed 5,000 people). The company had 70 mills in 1917. During World War I, American Brass employed 16,000 workers and produced 1 billion tons of material. In 1921, the company was the victim of a major embezzlement scandal, after a cashier in the headquarters office absconded with $100,000 in cash and fled to Italy to avoid prosecution.
Purchase and dissolution by Anaconda Copper Co..
In 1922, the Anaconda Copper Mining Company (of Montana) acquired American Brass The merger was one of the largest deals in American business up to that time. That year, Anaconda achieved the largest revenue in corporate history to date ($175,450,384), due primarily to the acquisition of American Brass. Anaconda Copper used American Brass' position as the dominant firm in the brass manufacturing industry to engage in price-fixing.
The division also expanded rapidly in Canada. This had significant consequences for the company, and led to a major tax case in Canada. From 1922 to 1937, Anaconda American Brass used the FIFO method of accounting. In 1937, however, the company moved to LIFO accounting. The Canada Customs and Revenue Agency took issue with this accounting change, and in 1947 sued to recover tax revenues under the Excess Profits Tax Act of 1940. In 1956, the Supreme Court of Canada held in "Minister of National Revenue vs. Anaconda American Brass Ltd." A.C. 85 (1956) that LIFO was not allowed for tax purposes in Canada. As of 2000, the case still provided the legal precedence for LIFO not being allowed for tax purposes in Canada.
The company retained its own identity until 1960 when the name was changed to Anaconda American Brass.
Post-Anaconda ownership.
In 1977, Anaconda American Brass was acquired by the Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO). After years of declining profits, ARCO sold American Brass to the Buffalo Brass Company. American Brass profits increased, and in 1990, it was acquired by the Finnish Outokumpu Oyj Mining Company. In 2005, American Brass was sold by Outokumpu to the Swedish investment firm Nordic Capital, and was renamed Luvata Brass. In 2011, the company was acquired by Aurubis AG, a German copper company.

</doc>
<doc id="20350135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350135" title="Medlicottiidae">
Medlicottiidae

Medlicottiidae is a family of ammonoid cephalopods belonging to the Prolecanitida, known from the Upper Carboniferous (Pennsylvanian) to the Early Triassic.
Characteristics.
Medlicottidae are characterized by discoidal to thinly lenticular shells and sutures with a narrow ventral lobe and a modified first lateral saddle.
Taxonomy.
Subfamlies.
The Medlicottiide, established by Karpinsky in 1889, is by prevailing current perspective divided into five subfamilies. These are the Episageceratinae, Medlicottiinae, Propinacoceratinae, Sicanitinae, and Uddenitinae. The Artioceratinae and Miklukhoceratinae, sometimes included as well, are junior synonyms respectively for the Sicanitinae and Propinacoceratinae.
Previously the Medlicottiidae were divided in part L of the Treatise, 1957, into just two subfamilies, the Uddenitinae introduced by Miller and Furnish in 1940 and the Medlicottinae revised from Karpinsky 1889.
Higher taxa.
The Medlicottiidae are included in the superfamily Medlicottiaceae which now also includes the Pronoritidae and Sundaitidae. The Sageceratidae, included in the Treatise, Part L, 1957, have been removed to the ceratitid superfamily Sagecerataceae.
Alternative taxonomies.
Hyatt and Smith (1905) included "Medlicottia" in the Pronoritidae, prior to the establishment of the Prolecanitina as a separate order by Mller and Furnish, 1954. The Pronoritidae of Hyatt and Smith were included in their suborder Pinacoceratoidea. The Pinacoceratoidea also includes the family Pinacoceratidae, which included the genus "Sageceras", which later became the type genus for the Sageceratidae. The distinction between the Medlicottiidae and Sageceratidae lies mainly in the distinction of their respective sutural development.
According to Hyatt and Smith, the Pronoritidae contains "Pronorites", "Parapronorites", "Medlicottia", (with its subgenera "Episageceras", "Propinacoceras", and "Artinskia" ), "Sicanites", "Uddenites", "Sundaites", "Daraelites", "Albanites", and "Cordillerites". "Lanceolites" was added by Smith (1932). All are confined to the Paleozoic except "Episageceras" which extends into the Triassic and "Cordillerites" and "Lanceolites" which are confined to the Triassic.
Smith (1932) pointed out that "Medlicottia", "Uddenites", and "Cordillerites" all have the peculiar "Pronorites" stage in their early development. "Pronorites" is recapitulated in the young of "Parapronorites", "Medlicottia", and U"ddenites"; less so in "Cordillerites", and even less in the young of "Daraelites".
Ruzhencev,1949 (in Glesister and Furnish 1961) included in the Medlicottiidae following genera: "Akmilleria", "Aktubinskia", "Arctioceras", "Artinskia", "Daixites", "Eurmedlicottia", "Medlicottia", "Neogastroceras", "Sicanites", "Synartinskia", "Propinacoceras", "Prouddenites", and "Uddenites".

</doc>
<doc id="20350162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350162" title="Vasily Kamensky">
Vasily Kamensky

Vasily Vasilevich Kamensky (; -November 11, 1961) was a Russian Futurist poet, playwright, and artist as well as one of the first Russian aviators.
Early years.
Kamensky was born in the Perm district, where his father was an inspector of goldfields. (The story that he was born on a boat on the Kama River, which he himself promoted and recounts in his memoirs, is untrue.) He lost his parents at the age of five and went to live in Perm with his aunt, whose husband piloted steam tugs on the river; he later wrote "My whole childhood took place in a house on the Kama wharf among tugs, barges, rafts, boats, stevedores, sailors, bargees, captains..." He left school in 1900, and from 1902 to 1906 worked as a railroad clerk. In 1904 he began to contribute to the newspaper "Permskii Krai", publishing poems and notices; at the newspaper he met local Marxists and developed his own leftist political orientation. At this time he also took up acting and traveled around Russia with a theatrical troupe. On his return to the Urals, he became an agitator and led the strike committee at Nizhny Tagil, for which he was sentenced to prison. On his release, he traveled to Istanbul and Tehran; the impressions from this Eastern trip would leave a mark on his later work.
Working in Moscow.
In 1906 he arrived in Moscow, where in 1908 he began working as an editor on the journal "Vesna" (Spring), meeting important Moscow writers such as David Burlyuk, with whom he studied painting, and Velimir Khlebnikov. Two years later the three collaborated with other writers on the anthology "Sadok sudei" (A cage hatchery for judges) and formed the proto-Futurist group Hylaea ( soon joined by Aleksey Kruchenykh and Vladimir Mayakovsky. In 1910 Kamensky published his first prose work, the short novel "Zemlyanka" (The mud hut), "in which urban life is abandoned for the joy and beauty of nature," but its lack of success temporarily discouraged him from further literary endeavor. Kamensky left Moscow to travel around the country, and became one of the first Russians to master the new art of aviation, flying a Blériot XI; he brought the Russian word самолет 'airplane' into circulation. After an airplane crash in 1911, however, he gave up flying. For a couple of years he lived on his estate near Perm, but in 1913 he moved back to Moscow, though he toured Russia with Burlyuk and Mayakovsky, promoting Futurism; "from this time Kamensky was an invariable participant in Futurist collections, newspapers, journals, and public appearances." He also returned to literary activity, in 1914 publishing his poetry collection "Tango s korovami" (Tango with cows) and in 1915 his long poem "Stenka Razin", about the 17th-century rebel. 
The October Revolution.
He welcomed the October Revolution of 1917, and was one of the first writers elected to the Moscow Soviet of Workers' and Soldiers' Deputies. In November he "persuaded Filippov, the Moscow baker (his shops had been the center of struggle during the February Days and even earlier during the 1905 revolt in Moscow), to subsidize a small café for poets. It was located in an old laundry on a small pereulok called Nastasyinsky just off the Tverskaya." (Soon anarchists began frequenting the Poets' Café, and after it closed in April 1918 they set up their journal "Anarkhiya" there.) For the first anniversary of the October Revolution, he turned "Stenka Razin" into a play; Robert Leach writes that this "most convincing version created a very strong impression when it was presented at the Vvedensky People's House, Moscow":
Stenka Razin was played by Nikolai Znamensky from the Moscow Art Theatre, the play was designed in an attractive childish-primitive style by Pavel Kuznetsov and directed by Meyerhold's former pupil, Arkady Zonov, and Vasily Sakhnovsky, formerly Komissarzhevsky's partner at the theatre named after Vera Komissarzhevskaya. It was, wrote one critic, an 'enormous success', partly at least, it should be noted, because it 'reeked of streets and circus'... The play employs an utterly direct and simple style, with plenty of clowning but a minimum of Futurist mannerisms, and achieves something of the spirit of the folktale.
Kamensky's waning years.
That was the peak of Kamensky's career. In the 1920s he played a minor role in Mayakovsky's LEF group; in the 1930s he wrote his memoir, "Put' entuziasta" (The path of an enthusiast, 1931), and two more historical dramas, "Emelyan Pugachev" (1931) and "Ivan Bolotnikov" (1934). On April 19, 1948, he suffered a stroke that left him paralyzed until his death in 1961; the house in which he lived in the village of Troitsa in the Perm Krai from 1932 to 1951 is now a museum.
The "Dictionary of Literary Biography" sums up his career in these words:Kamensky was involved in significant literary events throughout his career and knew many people who were central to the Russian avant-garde. His "zhelezobetonnye poemy" (ferroconcrete poems) were among the boldest and most distinctive experiments in Russian Futurism, and he freely adapted other Futurist techniques to his own impressionist style. Although his greatest contribution to literature was most likely his discovery of Velimir Khlebnikov, Kamensky was a creative poet in his own right and an active participant in the artistic life of Russia in the first third of the twentieth century.
References.
"Каменский Василий Васильевич", Russian biography and bibliography with links to poems

</doc>
<doc id="20350181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350181" title="43 Express">
43 Express

The 43 UBC/Joyce Station is an express line in Greater Vancouver, Canada to supplement the #41 service along 41st Avenue. It connects Joyce-Collingwood Station on the SkyTrain system to the UBC Loop in UBC. The route is operated by Coast Mountain Bus Company and funded by TransLink. Going west, the route travels along 41st Ave, Marine Drive, 16th Ave and Wesbrook Mall. The line was slated to be replaced by the 91 B-Line in 2009, however shortfalls in the 2010 Translink budget indicate systemwide service will remain at current levels for the year.
43 stops and transfer points.
Vancouver East (41st Avenue)
Vancouver West (41st Avenue)
UBC

</doc>
<doc id="20350191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350191" title="Rebecca Rios">
Rebecca Rios

Rebecca Rios (Tucson, 4 June 1967) is an American Democratic politician. She served as Arizona State Senator for District 23 from 2004 to 2010, and served as Minority Whip. Earlier she was a member of the Arizona House of Representatives from 1994 through 2000. Rios was a "participating candidate" in Arizona's public campaign program known as Clean Elections.
Rios is from a family of Hispanic politicians. Her father is Senator Peter Rios and she became interested in politics at a very young age. Among the topics that concern her are education and health care. She was an influential sponsor of classroom construction funding, as well as Arizona Proposition 301, which consists of an education tax and continuous medical plan coverage for working-class families.
Rios was defeated by Steve Smith in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20350205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350205" title="Uncial 0246">
Uncial 0246

Uncial 0246 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 6th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Epistle of James 1:12-14,19-21, on 1 parchment leaf (29 cm by 20 cm). Written in one columns per page, 27 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Survived leaf is not complete. 
It is a palimpsest, the upper text has not survived to the present day (ink vanished).
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Westminster College (Mingana Georg. 7) in Cambridge. 
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V. 

</doc>
<doc id="20350206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350206" title="Burleigh (Ellicott City, Maryland)">
Burleigh (Ellicott City, Maryland)

Burleigh, or Burleigh Manor, is a historic home located at Ellicott City, Howard County, Maryland built on a 2,300 acre estate.
It is a Federal-style brick dwelling built about 1810, laid in Flemish bond. Also on the landscaped grounds are a stone smokehouse; a much-altered log, stone, and frame "gatehouse" or "cottage," and another log outbuilding, as well as an early-20th century bathhouse, swimming pool, and tennis court. The probable builder was Colonel Rezin Hammond (1745–1809), who constructed it for his grandnephew Denton Hammond (1785–1813). In 1914 the estate was owned by Mary Hanson Hammond with land totaling over 1,000 acres including the outbuildings and slave quarters. It is currently operated as a livestock shelter.
Centennial Lane was built in 1876 as a shortcut through Burliegh Manor property between Clarksville and Ellicott City.
In 1976, 600 acres of the manor property were proposed for a Howard County landfill site, but opposition led to a site selection in Marriottsville. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20350221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350221" title="Sindhi Baloch">
Sindhi Baloch

Sindhi-Baloch (, ) are Baloch tribes living in Sindh province of Pakistan. The term "Sindhi Baloch" refers to the Baloch people that migrated from Balochistan to Sindh and have assimilated with Sindhis. These tribes came originally from Iran, and settled in Sindh from the 16th century onwards. The Baloch of Sindh use Sindhi language as their mother tongue. It is estimated about 35 to 40% of Pakistani Sindhis are of Baloch origin.
Major tribes.
The main Sindhi-Baloch tribes are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20350284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350284" title="The Best Nonstop Mix Compilation">
The Best Nonstop Mix Compilation

The Best Nonstop Mix Compilation is a continuous mix album by the Funk band Parliament. The album was released in 1991 by Polystar/Casablanca Records in Japan. The album was mixed by Japanese DJ's DMC Japan and Osamu Marumoto. The album also features a P-Funk family tree which traces all of the members of P-Funk between the years 1956 to 1984, as well as a lyric sheet and a pictorial album discography of all the Parliament albums including two 'greatest hits' compilations. To date, "The Best Nonstop Mix Compilation" has never been released outside of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20350285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350285" title="Rachel Hair">
Rachel Hair

Rachel Hair is folk harpist from Scotland. Of mixed Scots-Irish parentage, she was born and brought up in the village of Ullapool. She studied music at the University of Strathclyde where she gained a first class honors degree.
She released her debut harp album, "Hubcaps and Potholes", in 2006, and has performed at many festivals including Celtic Connections and the Edinburgh Fringe.

</doc>
<doc id="20350326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350326" title="New Democratic Party Shadow Cabinet of the 39th Parliament of Canada">
New Democratic Party Shadow Cabinet of the 39th Parliament of Canada

This is a list of members of the New Democratic Party Shadow Cabinet of the 39th Canadian parliament. Positions in the shadow cabinet were announced on September 27, 2007 and includes all 30 members of the New Democratic Party caucus in the Canadian House of Commons. 
The NDP does not have a leader in the Canadian Senate since it opposes the existence of that body.

</doc>
<doc id="20350340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350340" title="1960 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1960 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1960 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1960-1961. The Buckeyes compiled a 7–2 record.

</doc>
<doc id="20350346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350346" title="Harry Kneebone">
Harry Kneebone

Henry "Harry" Kneebone (17 March 1876 – 22 December 1933) was an Australian journalist, author, editor and politician. 
He was born at Kadina, South Australia in 1876, son of Henry Kneebone of Cornwall and Elizabeth Ann (née Tonkin). He worked as a journalist for the "Kadina and Wallaroo Times" (whose editor was David Bews), then joined the gold rush to Western Australia, and joined the "Coolgardie Times" as editor. He joined the "Daily Herald", a Labor Party publication in Adelaide, in 1910 and was made editor in 1911. In 1912 he was appointed press officer to the High Commission in London where he performed useful service. In 1916 he returned to Adelaide and editorship of the "Daily Herald", which had fallen on hard times. He was unable to reverse its decline and the paper went into voluntary liquidation in 1924.
In 1924 he was elected to the South Australian House of Assembly but resigned the following year to contest (unsuccessfully) the House of Representatives seat of Boothby. In 1931 he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia, filling the casual vacancy caused by the death of Country Party Senator John Chapman, but lost it in the election of later that year..
Kneebone died in 1933.
He showed great concern and affection for the Aboriginal peoples and was fascinated by their culture. His Methodist views influenced his social democratic politics.

</doc>
<doc id="20350369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350369" title="1959 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1959 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1959 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1959-1960. The Buckeyes compiled a 3–5–1 record.

</doc>
<doc id="20350377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350377" title="Fred Bell">
Fred Bell

Thomas Frederick Bell, Jr. (born ca. 1880) was an American millionaire heir, the son of banker Thomas Bell and his wife Teresa.
Mary Pleasant litigation.
Bell's father had been an associate of African-American businesswoman Mary Ellen Pleasant, and with her assistance he had built a fortune of $30 million. He died in 1892 after falling down a flight of stairs, leaving a third of his estate and a substantial allowance to his family. Mary Pleasant and Teresa Bell oversaw the family finances together, but by 1897 the family was deeply in debt. Fred Bell blamed Pleasant, and he filed a series of lawsuits directed at gaining control of the estate. The litigation perpetuated the image of Pleasant, a light-skinned woman who had once passed for white, as a devious "mammy."
The first lawsuit, filed against Teresa, claimed that she was wasting the family fortune under Pleasant's influence, and demanded that she be removed as head of the household. Two years later Bell publicly accused Pleasant of murdering his father, and Teresa evicted her from the family home. The litigation continued even after Pleasant's death in 1904.
Career.
Teresa Bell died in 1922, leaving her children $5 each. They successfully fought the will in court. Fred invested his money in the stock market, benefitting handsomely from the ongoing stock boom, and was known as "Champagne Fred." The 1929 stock market crash left him destitute. On March 7, 1931, a photographer made a picture of him selling apples on a street corner in San Francisco. Bell, impoverished despite his three-piece suit and cane, came to symbolize the country's reversal of fortune during the Great Depression.

</doc>
<doc id="20350400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350400" title="Cherry Grove, HO-1">
Cherry Grove, HO-1

Cherry Grove is a historic home and farm located at Woodbine, Howard County, Maryland, United States. The multi-part house was built starting in about 1798. The complex includes a ca. 1798 log ground barn, an 1860-1890 frame wagon shed with corn crib, an early-20th century frame water tower, frame ground barn with cantilevered forebay, frame shed, frame dairy barn, concrete silo, concrete block dairy, and several frame shelter sheds. The buildings are located on a generally flat site surrounded by gently rolling terrain and are set well back from the road along a gravel drive that winds through the center of the farm. The remains of Maryland's 45th Governor Edwin Warfield (1848–1920), are buried in the family cemetery.
Cherry Grove was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20350404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350404" title="1958 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1958 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1958 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1958-1959. The Buckeyes compiled a 6–1–2 record.
Game notes.
Iowa.
Statistics

</doc>
<doc id="20350428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350428" title="James McLachlan (Australian politician)">
James McLachlan (Australian politician)

James McLachlan (9 March 1871 – 1 December 1956) was an Australian politician. Born in Alma, South Australia, he was educated at Winham College before becoming a farmer at Dalkey. After working as a storekeeper and agent, he was elected to the South Australian House of Assembly as the Nationalist member for Wooroora in 1918, serving until 1930. In 1934, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a United Australia Party Senator for South Australia. He held the seat until his retirement in 1946 (by which time he was a member of the Liberal Party). McLachlan died in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20350429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350429" title="91 B-Line">
91 B-Line

The 91 B-Line is a future bus rapid transit line in Metro Vancouver, Canada that was outlined in the 2005 Vancouver/UBC Transit Plan for implementation in December 2009. It will replace the 43 Express Line that travels along 41st Avenue, a major east-west route, and connects the University of British Columbia (UBC) to Joyce Station on the SkyTrain system. The service also connects to the Canada Line at Oakridge – 41st Avenue Station.
Shortfalls in the 2010 TransLink budget meant a delay in the implementation of 91 B-Line, the 95 B-Line (replacing 135 Express service on Hastings Street), and other service expansions. Nevertheless the 43 Express service was included as a main transit connection in a plan released following the opening of the Canada Line, indicating the importance of the route within the Translink network.

</doc>
<doc id="20350474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350474" title="King Chiaullee">
King Chiaullee

King Chiaullee are a Celtic music band from the Isle of Man. The band met while at school together in 1994, and have since performed at numerous festivals throughout the UK, Europe, and in the USA.
The group has five members:
King Chiaullee combine Manx, Scottish and Irish traditional music with original tunes penned by band members, to form an infectious and unique blend of contemporary Celtic music.
The band have produced three studio albums, "Baase Cooil Stroo" (2000), "Reel:Ode" (2003) and "Nish!" (2006) (see iTunes), and have also contributed to numerous compilation albums. 
In 2008 the group performed at Festival Interceltique de Lorient in Brittany and, competing in the festival's band competition, went on to win first prize - the "Trophée Cidrerie des Terroirs". This led to performances in Milan and at Italy's renowned Celtica festival.
The band is currently preparing for a performance at the 2010 Celtic Connections festival in Glasgow. 
References.
King Chiaullee official website

</doc>
<doc id="20350478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350478" title="Misfits discography">
Misfits discography

The discography of the Misfits, a horror punk band formed in Lodi, New Jersey in 1977, consists of seven studio albums, three live albums, four compilation albums, four EPs, thirteen singles, one video album, five music videos, one box set, one demo, and one cancelled album.
The Misfits were formed in 1977 by singer and songwriter Glenn Danzig. The band experienced many lineup changes during their first six years, with Danzig and bassist Jerry Only being the only constant fixtures. They released their first single, "Cough/Cool", in 1977 on Danzig's own label Blank Records. Mercury Records offered Danzig thirty hours of free studio time in exchange for the trademark to the Blank Records name, which the band used to record their first album, "Static Age", in January 1978. However, they were unable to find a record label willing to release it and instead released four of the songs as the "Bullet" single on Danzig's new imprint Plan 9 Records. "Static Age" would not be released in its entirety for another eighteen years. The band released two additional singles in 1979: "Horror Business" and "Night of the Living Dead", both on Plan 9.
The band's first EP, "Beware", was released in January 1980. That August they recorded twelve new songs intended for an album, but it was never released. Only's brother Doyle then became the band's guitarist and would remain so until 2000. Three of the songs from the album sessions were released as "3 Hits from Hell" in April 1981, and two more were released as the "Halloween" single in October. Throughout 1981 the Misfits recorded songs for their first full-length album "Walk Among Us", which was released in March 1982 through Ruby Records and Slash Records. A promotional music video was filmed for the song "Braineaters". That December they released a live EP titled "Evilive". The band broke up due to internal tensions on October 29, 1983, just two months before their second album "Earth A.D./Wolfs Blood" was released through Plan 9. Following the band's breakup a posthumous single for "Die, Die My Darling" was released in 1984, followed by two compilation albums of out-of-print and previously unreleased material released through Caroline Records: "Legacy of Brutality" (1985) and "Misfits" (1986), which later became more commonly referred to as "Collection I". "Evilive" was also re-released in 1987 as a full album.
After a series of legal battles ending in 1995, Jerry Only and Doyle re-formed the band with a new lineup including singer Michale Graves and drummer Dr. Chud. Caroline Records released "Collection II" that year, followed in 1996 by a box set titled simply "The Misfits" collecting nearly all of the band's early material, including "Static Age" which was released as a separate album in 1997. Also in 1997 the new Misfits lineup released "American Psycho" on Geffen Records, supported by music videos for "American Psycho" and the single "Dig Up Her Bones". "Evillive II" was released in 1998, followed by "Famous Monsters" in 1999 on Roadrunner Records with a single and music video for "Scream!" Graves, Chud, and Doyle all left the band in 2000, and a compilation of demos and b-sides from this era was released in 2001 as "Cuts from the Crypt". Caroline Records attempted that year to release the material from the August 1980 sessions as "12 Hits from Hell", but the album was cancelled at the request of Danzig and Only before it could be released.
As the only remaining member of the Misfits, Jerry Only took over vocal duties and recruited Dez Cadena and Marky Ramone to fill out the band. This lineup released "Project 1950" in 2003, an album of cover versions of rock and roll songs from the 1950s and 1960s, on their own label Misfits Records. Ramone was replaced by Robo in 2005, and this lineup released the "Land of the Dead" single in 2009. The current Misfits lineup of Only, Cadena, and drummer Eric Arce released the band's seventh studio album, "The Devil's Rain", in 2011. A live album, "Dead Alive!", is scheduled for release in February 2013.
Studio albums.
I "Static Age" was recorded in 1978 but was not released in its entirety until 1996, as part of the Misfits box set. It was released as a stand-alone album in 1997.
Live albums.
I "Evilive" was first released as a 7-song EP in 1982. It was re-released as a 12-song album in 1987.
II "Evillive II" was released only to members of the Fiend Club.
Compilation albums.
I "Misfits" is commonly referred to as "Collection I".
EPs.
I "Evilive" was first released as a 7-song EP in 1982. It was re-released as a 12-song album in 1987.
Video albums.
I The DVD was packaged with the "Project 1950" album.
Demos.
I The "Mars Attacks Demos" were recorded for the "American Psycho" album and a proposed "Mars Attacks" EP that was never released. These tracks were re-released on "Cuts from the Crypt".
Other appearances.
The following Misfits tracks were released on compilation albums. Some songs were later re-released on "Cuts from the Crypt", as noted below. This is not an exhaustive list: songs that were first released on the band's albums, EPs, or singles are not included.
I Denotes songs that were re-released on "Cuts from the Crypt".
Cancelled albums.
I "12 Hits from Hell" was cancelled at the request of Glenn Danzig and Jerry Only. Only promotional copies were released, and all copies intended for distribution were destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="20350491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350491" title="Oliver Uppill">
Oliver Uppill

Oliver Uppill (9 May 1876 – 28 February 1946) was an Australian politician. Born in Nantawarra, South Australia, he was educated at public schools before becoming a farmer and grazier at Balaklava. He was director of the State Bank of South Australia, and served as President of the Liberal Federation 1920-1924. In 1934, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a United Australia Party Senator for South Australia. He resigned his place in 1944, necessitating the appointment of Ted Mattner to succeed him.

</doc>
<doc id="20350510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350510" title="Daedeoksan (Samcheok/Taebaek)">
Daedeoksan (Samcheok/Taebaek)

Daedeoksan is a mountain in the cities of Taebaek and Samcheok, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20350528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350528" title="Curtis-Shipley Farmstead">
Curtis-Shipley Farmstead

The Curtis—Shipley Farmstead is a historic home located at Ellicott City, Howard County, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story Gothic Revival frame house built in 1891, with later additions. Southeast of the main house is a gable-front frame garage, a one-story shed-roofed chicken house, a hog barn, a frame board-and-batten granary, and a board-and-batten bank barn with an unusually deep forebay.
The Curtis-Shipley Farmstead was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20350536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350536" title="Media in Bihar">
Media in Bihar

Media in Bihar started with "Biharbandhu", which was the first Hindi newspaper published from Bihar. It was started in 1872 by Madan Mohan Bhatta, a Maharashtrian Brahman settled in Biharsharif. Hindi journalism in Bihar, and specially Patna, could make little headway initially. It was mainly due to lack of respect for Hindi among the people at large. Many Hindi journals took birth and after a lapse of time vanished. Many journals were shelved even in the embryo. But once Hindi enlisted the official support, it started making a dent into the remote areas in Bihar. Hindi journalism also acquired wisdom and maturity and its longevity was prolonged. Hindi was introduced in the law courts in Bihar in 1880.
The beginning of the 20th century was marked by a number of notable new publications. A monthly magazine named "Bharat Ratna" was started from Patna in 1901. It was followed by "Kshtriya Hitaishi", "Aryavarta" from Dinapure, Patna, "Udyoga" and "Chaitanya Chandrika". "Udyog" was edited by Vijyaanand Tripathy, a famous poet of the time and "Chaitanya Chandrika" by Krishna Chaitanya Goswami, a literary figures of that time. This literary activities were not confined to Patna alone but to many districts of Bihar.
Magahi Parishad, established in Patna in 1952, pioneered Magadhi journalism in Bihar. It started the monthly journal, "Magadhi", which was later renamed "Bihan".
Print media.
Newspapers.
Dainik Jagran, Prathyush Nav Bihar, Navbharat Times, Aaj, Hindustan Dainik and Prabhat Khabar,dainik nayamarg
E-papers.
E-papers, Nirmali News| True of the World www.nirmalinews.in Bihar Times and Patna Daily have become very popular among the educated Biharis, specially the non-resident Biharis.
Electronic media.
Television.
Several national and International Television channels are popular in Bihar. DD Bihar, Sahara Bihar and ETV Bihar are the television channels dedicated to Bihar. Recently couple of dedicated Bhojpuri channel, Mahuaa TV and Purva TV has been launched.
kashish news
city Channel Samastipur
Cinema.
Bihar has a robust cinema industry for the Bhojpuri language. There is also a small Maithili and Angika film industry. First Bhojpuri film was "Ganga Maiyya Tohe Piyari Chadhaibo". "Lagi nahin chute ram" was the alltime superhit Bhojpuri film which was released against "Mugle Azam" but was a superhit in all the eastern and northern sector. Nadiya Ke Paar is among the most famous Bhojpuri movies. Bhojpuri's history begins in 1962 with the well-received film "Ganga Maiyya Tohe Piyari Chadhaibo" ("Mother Ganges, I will offer you a yellow sari"), which was directed by Kundan Kumar. Throughout the following decades, films were produced only in fits and starts. Films such as "Bidesiya" ("Foreigner," 1963, directed by S. N. Tripathi) and "Ganga" ("Ganges," 1965, directed by Kundan Kumar) were profitable and popular, but in general Bhojpuri films were not commonly produced in the 1960s and 1970s.
In the 1980s, enough Bhojpuri films were produced to tentatively make up an industry. Films such as "Mai" ("Mom," 1989, directed by Rajkumar Sharma) and "Hamar Bhauji" ("My Brother's Wife," 1983, directed by Kalpataru) continued to have at least sporadic success at the box office. However, this trend faded out by the end of the decade, and by 1990, the nascent industry seemed to be completely finished.
The industry took off again in 2001 with the super hit "Saiyyan Hamar" ("My Sweetheart," directed by Mohan Prasad), which shot the hero of that film, Ravi Kissan, to superstardom. The extremely rapid success of their films has led to dramatic increases in Bhojpuri cinema's visibility, and the industry now supports an awards show and a trade magazine, "Bhojpuri City", which chronicles the production and release of what are now over one hundred films per year. Many of the major stars of mainstream Bollywood cinema, including Amitabh Bachchan, have also recently worked in Bhojpuri films.

</doc>
<doc id="20350544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350544" title="Olivetti M24">
Olivetti M24

The Olivetti M24 was a computer sold by Olivetti in 1983 using the Intel 8086 CPU.
The system was sold in the United States under its original name by Docutel/Olivetti of Dallas. More notably, both AT&T and Xerox bought rights to rebadge the system as the AT&T 6300 and respectively the Xerox 6060 series. (AT&T owned 25% of Olivetti around this time.) The AT&T 6300, launched in June 1984, was AT&T's first attempt to compete in the PC compatible market.
Features.
Contrary to other PC clones of that era, the M24 was highly compatible with IBM PC. One of its characteristics was the use of the more powerful 8 MHz Intel 8086 CPU rather than the 4.77 MHz Intel 8088 used in IBM's own PC XT while allowing the installation of the 8087 math co-processor.
In Europe, Olivetti also launched a 10-MHz version: the M24 SP, announced in November 1985.
The system was designed "split-level", with the motherboard screwed onto the underside of the computer case and connected to the ISA bus backplane in the top section of the case via the video card, which, rather than occupying an ISA slot, has two female edge connectors and plugs onto the ends of both the motherboard and the backplane, doubling as a bridge between them. The M24 has seven 8-bit ISA slots, as were standard for its time, but two of the slots have proprietary second connectors to accept Olivetti 16-bit cards.
The initial release of the AT&T 6300 came with two 360k 5.25" floppy drives, later systems had the option of adding a 20MB hard drive and swapping out the remaining 5.25" drive for a 720k 3.5" floppy drive. The Xerox 6060 came standard with a single 360k 5.25" drive and a 20MB hard drive.
In order to use a 720k floppy floppy drive, the AT&T 6300 requires BIOS Version 1.43, which also fixes a number of other problems. As with all contemporary systems, a BIOS upgrade required a physical chip replacement, which AT&T provided for $35.
The Olivetti M24 used a 640x400 pixel graphic mode in monochrome and color. This was much better than screen devices on the IBM PC, where the resolution in color was only 320x200 pixels.
The keyboard used a proprietary 9-pin D-Sub connector built into the system board and had the unusual option of plugging a mouse into the keyboard via another 9-pin D-Sub connector. The mouse could be configured to simulate the usage of the keyboard's arrow keys in DOS applications without mouse support.
Reception.
A January 1985 review in Infoworld declared it "a fair performer, better than the 8088-equipped IBM PC and PC XT and about equal to the 8086-based Compaq Deskpro", and taking pricing into account concluded that it was a "a good deal, but by no means perfect." The reviewer wondered how the 5 MHz 8086 in the Compaq ran as fast as the same processor at 8 MHz in the AT&T machine.
A November 1985 review in PC Magazine of the hard-drive version found it on par with the IBM PC AT as far the processor performance was concerned, but considerably slower on I/O.
The initial model of the AT&T 6300 (no hard disk and only 360K floppy) had slow sales in 1984 with only 28,500 sold compared to 1.5 million IBM PCs. The sales were not much better in the first three months of 1985, with only 8,500 sold in that time period. If fact, worldwide sales of the Olivetti M24 were only 42,000 in the first year, well below the planned production capacity of 200,000. As a result AT&T introduced the faster models with hard drive and a math co-processor in March. Still, after about one year on the market, AT&T had only claimed about 1% of the PC market, on par with that of TeleVideo and Columbia Data Products, but well below that of Compaq and Kaypro. By December 1986 however, AT&T's PC line (including the 6300 Plus, described below) put it in the fourth place in terms of market share in the US.
Olivetti's M24 did much better in Europe, where it became the market leader in 1986. It produced almost half a million M24 machines that year, about 200,000 of which went to the United States. As it claimed the crown of most PC machines sold in Europe that year, Olivetti also became the third largest PC manufacturer worldwide. Olivetti would however be unable to repeat the feat in the subsequent years, and so 1986 represents the company's apogee in terms of PC market share.
The 6300 was also supported by Unix-based operating systems particularly by Venix/86 Encore, released in September 1984, and by a version of Xenix adapted for the machine by the Santa Cruz Operation, and announced in June 1985.
6300 Plus and subsequent AT&T machines.
In October 1985, AT&T launched the 6300 Plus that used a 6 MHz 286 microprocessor in the same case as the 6300. On the hardware level, this machine was criticized by a "Infoworld" reviewer for being incompatible with AT cards. On the other hand, AT&T sold a package of the 6300 Plus bundled with Simultask, which ran MS-DOS and UNIX System V simultaneously, at a cost—with all software licenses included—on par with the IBM PC AT with MS DOS alone. A review in "PC Magazine" declared that AT&T's 6300 Plus was "flat out the better machine" compared to the IBM PC AT. (The version of Simultask included with this machine was based on Locus Computing Corporation's Merge software. According to AT&T, their 6300 Plus used non-standard hardware to make such a feat possible given the limitations of the 80286.) The PC6300 Plus shipped with MS-DOS in 1985 though, because its Unix System V distribution was not ready until the end March 1986. The 6300 Plus did not sell as well as the original 6300. Forrester Research estimated in December 1986 that AT&T's financial losses in PC market were about $600M for the year.
After the 6300 Plus, AT&T announced that it was turning over both production and development of its PC products to Olivetti. In 1987, AT&T offered a true AT-based 286, their 6310—a rebadge of Olivetti M28. Equipped with a one-wait state 8 MHz processor, it was a pretty slow machine for its class, even slower than the IBM XT 286. Simultask was also an option for the 6310. The later-released 6312 addressed the speed problem with a 12-MHz CPU. After the announcement of the 6310, in April 1987, AT&T announced price cuts across its 6300 PC product line, with the 6300 Plus discounted by 27-38%, while the original 6300 was discounted by 17-23% (depending on configuration.)
Successors in Olivetti's product line.
In response to IBM's launch of their PS/2 line, Olivetti revamped their product line in July 1987 to include 3.5" floppy drives (in 5.25-to-3.5" converted bays though) and also introduced new 386-based products. The M24 (and M24 SP) were succeed by the M240 (8086 at 10 MHz) while the M28 (and M28 SP) was succeed by the M280 (80286 at 12 MHz). Olivetti also introduced an M380 series (both tower and desktop) using the 80386 processor.

</doc>
<doc id="20350562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350562" title="Sid O'Flaherty">
Sid O'Flaherty

Sidney Wainman "Sid" O'Flaherty (2 July 1886 – 18 November 1967) was an Australian politician. Born in Silverton, South Australia, he was educated at the Adelaide School of Mines before becoming an architect and accountant, and later a secretary with the Miscellaneous Workers' Union. In 1918, he was elected to the South Australian House of Assembly as the Labor member for Murray, serving until 1921. In 1943 he became President of the South Australian Labor Party, but later that year he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia. He held the seat until his retirement in 1961. O'Flaherty died in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="20350588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350588" title="Daemisan (Gangwon)">
Daemisan (Gangwon)

Daemisan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20350621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350621" title="Theo Nicholls">
Theo Nicholls

Theophilus Martin "Theo" Nicholls (21 August 1894 – 22 July 1977) was an Australian politician. Born in Wilmington, South Australia, he received a primary education before becoming a wharf labourer. He served in the military 1915-1917, was secretary of several unions including the Manufacturing Grocers' Employees Federation and the Wool and Basil Workers Federation. He was active in a number of labour movement organisations, such as South Australian Trades and Labour Council, and was vice-president of the South Australian Labor Party. In 1943 he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia. He held the seat until his retirement in 1967. Nicholls died in 1977. His nephew, Martin Nicholls, was a Labor MP for Bonython 1963-1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20350651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350651" title="Marsha Arzberger">
Marsha Arzberger

Marsha Arzberger is a Democratic politician. She has served as Arizona State Senator for District 25 since 2001, and is currently Minority Leader.
Personal information.
Marsha Arzberger was born in 1937 in St. Joseph, Missouri. She currently lives in Willcox, Arizona and has been an Arizona citizen since 1967.
Family.
Marsha is married to Gus Arzberger and they have two children, two step-children, five grandchildren and two step-great-grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="20350656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350656" title="Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings">
Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings

Operations.
In August 2007, Isetan Co. Ltd. and Mitsukoshi Ltd. announced that the two companies "have agreed to merge and form a new holding company" in April 2008.
On 9 January 2010, Nobukazu Muto (b. 1945), the company's chairman and chief executive officer died. 
As of 2012, Hiroshi Onishi was the president and chief executive officer of Isetan Mitsukoshi Holding.
On 26 July 2013, the company announced that, in the first quarter of 2013, it net profits increased by 11.4 percent due to increased sales and lower expenses.

</doc>
<doc id="20350666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350666" title="Dalgibong">
Dalgibong

Dalgibong is a mountain in the county of Jeongseon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20350670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350670" title="Helene Zelazo Center for the Performing Arts">
Helene Zelazo Center for the Performing Arts

The Helene Zelazo Center for the Performing Arts (more often referred to as the "Zelazo Center", the "ZPAC" or "The Zo") is a performing arts center located on the campus of the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee. It houses the 756-seat Helen Bader Concert Hall, large rehearsal spaces, meeting facilities, music offices, and dance studios for the UWM Peck School of the Arts. The Zelazo Center is one of many facilities maintained by the Peck School of the Arts, including the Fine Arts Building, as well as Kenilworth Square East.
History.
The Zelazo Center was acquired by UWM in October 2000 from Congregation Emanu-El B'ne Jeshurun, who had used the structure as a synagogue since 1922. UWM's renovation primarily focused on converting the worship space into the Helen Bader Concert Hall. Many architectural elements from the building's years as a synagogue still exist, including many prominent Star of David symbols and elaborate stained glass work. The art windows of the Helen Bader Concert Hall were designed by Milwaukee Rabbi Joseph L. Baron who served the community from 1926 to 1960. The 14 individual windows contain Hebrew words and symbols of Jewish idealism.
The Zelazo Center is named in recognition of the lead donation for the acquisition made by the Nathaniel K. Zelazo Revocable Trust. The building was dedicated on February 16, 2001.
UWM's Performing Arts Center.
The facility serves many various needs for the UWM Peck School of the Arts. It is the primary teaching studio space for the clarinet, bassoon, oboe, trombone, euphonium, tuba, harp, string bass, percussion, and guitar programs at UWM. The building also houses the offices for the large ensemble programs, including the offices for the UWM Youth Wind Ensemble program. The facility contains 3 dance studios, a large rehearsal room, a medium-sized rehearsal room, two art galleries, a service kitchen, and various meeting facilities in addition to the Helen Bader Concert Hall. The facility is a sought out meeting and banquet facility for many local and regional organizations.
Ensembles of Residence.
The Zelazo Center houses all large music ensembles for the UWM Music Department, including the UWM Symphony Orchestra, Wind Ensemble, Symphony Band, University Band, and some student recitals and chamber performances. The facility is the full-time rehearsal and performance space for the UWM Youth Wind Ensemble Program and UWM Community Orchestra. It is also used by Chamber Music Milwaukee, as well as the Fine Arts Quartet and Early Music Now. While the performance space is predominantly a concert hall, it is occasionally used as a performance venue for theater, opera, and spoken word events.

</doc>
<doc id="20350680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350680" title="Karel Halíř">
Karel Halíř

Karel Halíř (1 February 185921 December 1909) was a Czech violinist who lived mainly in Germany. Karel is also seen as Karol, Karl or Carl; Halíř is also seen as Halir or Haliř.
Biography.
Karel Halíř was born in Hohenelbe, Bohemia (now Vrchlabí, Czech Republic), and studied with Antonín Bennewitz in Prague and with Joseph Joachim in Berlin. He was leader in the orchestras at Königsberg (1879), Mannheim (1881) and Weimar (1884–94). His playing of the Bach Double Concerto with Joachim at the Bach Festival at Eisenach in 1884 was immensely successful. He became leader of the Berlin Court Opera and professor at the Hochschule für Musik.
Halíř toured the United States in 1896 and 1897. He was renowned for his playing of the Beethoven Violin Concerto in D major, and he played the work at his American debut on 13 November 1896, where it was described as "one of the most interesting and admirable pieces of violin playing that have been heard in New York". The performance was compared favourably to the previous performance of the work in New York by Eugène Ysaÿe, and the review concluded "To hear Herr Halir play ... is to understand what is meant by classical violin playing". On 4 December 1896 he gave the first performance in Carnegie Hall of Louis Spohr’s Violin Concerto No. 8, with the New York Symphony Orchestra conducted by Walter Damrosch. He joined the Joachim Quartet on his return to Berlin. He also led his own string quartet, to which Felix Weingartner’s String Quartet No. 1 was dedicated.
Although not the soloist at the premiere (that was Adolph Brodsky), Karel Halíř championed Tchaikovsky’s Violin Concerto in D major, which was not popular in its early years. When Tchaikovsky attended a performance of the work by Halíř in Leipzig in 1888, he called it "a memorable day". In 1905, Halíř premiered the revised version of Sibelius’s Violin Concerto in D minor in Berlin, under the baton of Richard Strauss. That same program had Halíř playing the premiere of Charles Martin Loeffler’s "Divertissement for violin and orchestra", which Fritz Kreisler and Eugène Ysaÿe had declined to play owing to its technical demands. He performed various other premieres, such as the European premiere of Amy Beach’s Violin Sonata in Berlin on 28 October 1899, with Teresa Carreño. He wrote a cadenza for the Brahms Violin Concerto in D major.
In 1888 Karel Halíř married Therese Zerbst (1859-?), a noted singer. His pupils include David Mannes. He died in Berlin in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20350686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350686" title="2003 Categoría Primera A season">
2003 Categoría Primera A season

The 2003 Categoría Primera A season is the 55th season of Colombia's top-flight football league.
Campeonato Apertura.
The Campeonato Apertura (officially the 2003 Copa Mustang I for sponsorship reasons) is the first tournament of the season. The tournament began on February 1 and ended on May 16.
Semifinals.
The second phase of the 2005-I tournament consisted of two groups of 4 teams semifinals. This was disputed by the best eight teams from the first phase of the tournament. the winners of each group will face on the finals to define a champion.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20350697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350697" title="Alex Finlay">
Alex Finlay

Alexander "Alex" Finlay (14 November 1887 – 2 March 1963) was an Australian politician. Born in Melbourne, he moved to South Australia as a child and received a primary education in Adelaide. He became a carriage painter, and an organiser with the Coachbuilders' Union. After serving in the military 1914-1918, he was federal President of the Vehicle Builders' Union (successor to the Coachbuilders' Union). In 1943, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia. He held the seat until his retirement in 1953. Finlay died in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20350723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350723" title="CU Fight Song">
CU Fight Song

Fight CU is the fight song for the Colorado Buffaloes. The song is usually performed by the Golden Buffalo Marching Band.
History.
The University of Colorado Boulder has had several fight songs that have lost and gained popularity over the years. The oldest, "Glory Colorado", is sung to the tune of "Battle Hymn of the Republic" and has been around nearly as long as the school. Glory Colorado is considered to represent all campuses of the University. "Go Colorado" was originally sung exclusively by the Glee Club at football games, though it is now played and known almost exclusively by members of the Golden Buffalo Marching Band. The most popular of the three fight songs and the most widely recognized is "Fight CU." Originally sung by the football team, the song has gained enough popularity that few people outside the band know that it is not the only fight song of the university. The original version included the line "fight, fight for every yard" but the line was changed to "fight, fight for victory" to allow the song to be used for all sports, not just football.
Fight CU lyrics.
<poem>
Fight CU down the field,
CU must win
Fight, fight for victory
CU knows no defeat
We'll roll up a mighty score
Never give in
Shoulder to shoulder
We will fight, fight
Fight, fight, fight!
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="20350741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350741" title="Jakob von Gunten">
Jakob von Gunten

Jakob von Gunten. Ein Tagebuch is a novel by Swiss writer Robert Walser first published in German in 1909.
Introduction.
"Jakob von Gunten" is a first-person account told by its titular protagonist, a young man of noble background who runs off from home and decides to spend the rest of his life serving others. To this end, he enrols at the Benjamenta Institute, a school for servants.
Walser based the novel on his own experiences: upon arriving in Berlin in 1905 he attended a school for servants, and served as a butler the following winter.
J. M. Coetzee's review in "The Genius of Robert Walser" (2000).
Nobel prize laureate John Maxwell Coetzee originally published his review—a reappreciation of an almost forgotten classic—in "The New York Review of Books" Vol.47, No.17 (2 November 2000). It was later reprinted in his "".

</doc>
<doc id="20350748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350748" title="Daraksan">
Daraksan

Daraksan is a mountain in the county of Jeongseon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20350759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350759" title="Wayne Rosenthal">
Wayne Rosenthal

Wayne Scott Rosenthal (born February 19, 1965) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher and coach.
Early life.
Rosenthal, who is Jewish, was born in Brooklyn, New York. He attended South Shore High School, where he played for the basketball team and the 1982 New York City champion baseball team that was 31–1. He then attended St. John's University on scholarship, where he was the top pitcher on the baseball team. He earned All-Tournament honors for the Redmen in helping them to their 1986 Big East Conference Baseball Tournament championship.
Professional career.
Playing career.
He was drafted in 1986 by the Texas Rangers. After working his way through their minor league system, he pitched in parts of two seasons for the Rangers, and . After a season with the independent Duluth-Superior Dukes, he retired as a player.
Post-playing career.
In , Rosenthal joined the Montreal Expos organization as the pitching coach of the minor league Cape Fear Crocs. In , he served as the Expos' minor league pitching coordinator. He moved into the same position with the Florida Marlins in , and on May 11, he was named Marlins' pitching coach, replacing Brad Arnsberg. He remained in that position until the end of . He continued to work in the Marlins organization until , including a second stint as minor league pitching coordinator.
Rosenthal currently lives in Jupiter, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20350776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350776" title="Wellington D. Rankin">
Wellington D. Rankin

Wellington D. Rankin (September 16, 1884–June 4, 1966) was a Republican public official from the state of Montana.
He was born Wellington Duncan Rankin on September 16, 1884 in Missoula, Montana, the son of John and Olive (née Pickering) Rankin. He grew up in a political family, with several of his relatives holding public office. An attorney by profession, he served in the United States Army during World War I. He was elected Montana Attorney General in 1920 and was reelected in 1924. In 1926, he was appointed U.S. Attorney for the state of Montana, a position he held until 1928, when he ran unsuccessfully for Governor. He returned to practicing law until 1942, when he ran for the U.S. Senate against liberal incumbent Democrat James Edward Murray. He lost to Murray by a vote of 83,673 to 82,461, but never sought elective office again.
During his lifetime, he was overshadowed by his older sister, Jeannette Rankin, who was elected U.S. Representative in 1916 and 1940, voting against U.S entry into both World War I and World War II. Her vote against the United States entering World War II after the attack on Pearl Harbor was highly unpopular and contributed to Wellington's loss to Murray in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="20350805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350805" title="Ted Mattner">
Ted Mattner

Edward William "Ted" Mattner (16 September 1893 – 21 December 1977) was an Australian politician. Born in Oakbank, South Australia, he was educated at Adelaide High School and then the University of Adelaide before becoming a farmer at Balhannah. He served in the military 1914-1918 and 1940-1942. In 1944, he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a United Australia Party Senator for South Australia, filling the casual vacancy caused by the resignation of Oliver Uppill. Soon after his appointment, the UAP became the Liberal Party. Defeated in an attempt at re-election in 1946, he returned to the Senate in 1949. On 12 June 1951, he was elected President of the Senate, a position he held until 7 September 1953, when he was succeeded by Alister McMullin. He held his Senate seat until his retirement in 1967. Mattner died in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20350811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350811" title="Prabhat Khabar">
Prabhat Khabar

Prabhat Khabar is a Hindi-language newspaper published daily in Jharkhand, Bihar and West Bengal. The newspaper is circulated in several states in India, including Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal and some parts of Orissa. It was founded in August 1984 in Ranchi, the capital of Jharkhand. The newspaper is notable for reporting social issues and revealing scams, such as the Fodder Scam. The newspaper began reporting the Fodder Scam in 1992. Despite receiving threats, the newspaper wrote 70 reports on the scam and had four or five reporters reporting the story.
Prabahat Khabar commenced its publication in 1984 from Ranchi and the same is being published from many other towns of Jharkhand and Bihar states as mentioned below:-

</doc>
<doc id="20350854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350854" title="Josh Hull">
Josh Hull

Joshua Lynn Hull (born May 21, 1987) is an American football linebacker for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL). He was selected by the St. Louis Rams in seventh round of the 2010 NFL Draft. He played college football for Pennsylvania State University.
Early life.
Hull grew up in Millheim, Pennsylvania, approximately 25 miles east of State College, Pennsylvania. He attended Penns Valley High School, where he played football under coach Martin Tobias. He was a three-year starter, serving as team captain and defensive captain as a senior. Hull was selected first-team all-conference on defense after his senior season and was a team captain in the 2006 Lezzer Lumber Classic. He was also a three-year letterman on the baseball team, earning first-team all-conference accolades as an outfielder.
College career.
A former walk-on, Hull became a starter in 2008 when pre-season All-American Sean Lee suffered a season-ending knee injury in spring practice. Hull was the starter for all 13 games that season, finishing as the second leading tackler behind NaVorro Bowman with 66 tackles, one quarterback sack, and one interception. He had a game-high nine tackles in the 2009 Rose Bowl.
Hull was also recognized for academics while at Penn State. He was a member of the Dean's List and was named an Academic All-Big Ten scholar-athlete, while majoring in environmental systems engineering. He was named a 2008 Academic All-American, and an inaugural recipient of a Big Ten Distinguished Scholar Award for the 2008-09 academic year.
Professional career.
Hull played in the 4th Annual Texas vs. The Nation All-Star Challenge in El Paso, Texas, on February 6, 2010.
Pre-draft.
Although not initially invited to the 2010 NFL Scouting Combine, he was added to the list of invitees on January 29, 2010. Hull and teammate Dennis Landolt trained for the combine at TEST in Martinsville, New Jersey, based partially on the recommendation of his agent, Joe Aloisi and former Nittany Lion Rich Ohrnberger.
St. Louis Rams.
Hull was drafted by the St. Louis Rams in the seventh round (#254 overall) of the 2010 NFL Draft. He signed a four-year contract with the Rams on June 28, 2010. Hull was released by the Rams on August 30, 2013.
Washington Redskins.
The Washington Redskins signed Hull on October 15, 2013.
Personal.
Hull is engaged to girlfriend Megan Meyers.
Hull currently resides in Pleasant Gap, PA.

</doc>
<doc id="20350881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350881" title="Fred Beerworth">
Fred Beerworth

Frederick Hubert "Fred" Beerworth (6 May 1886 – 17 May 1968) was an Australian politician. Born in Quorn, South Australia, he received a primary education before becoming a farmer at Carrieton. He was a railway worker and engine driver before serving in the military 1914-1918. After serving on West Torrens Shire Council he was president of the Australian Federated Union of Locomotive Enginemen 1940-1941. In 1946, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia. He retired in 1951. Beerworth died in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20350922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350922" title="List of mayors of Ponce, Puerto Rico">
List of mayors of Ponce, Puerto Rico

This is a list of mayors of Ponce, Puerto Rico's southern economic center, the island's second largest and second most important city.
Ponce's first mayor was Don Pedro Sánchez de Mathos, in 1692. Ponce elected its first mayor (as well as its first Municipal Assembly) on 20 September 1812. Its first elected mayor was José Ortiz de la Renta, who took office in 1812. Ortiz de la Renta occupied the post of mayor on eight different occasions from 1812 to 1846. 
The current mayor of Ponce is María "Mayita" Meléndez Altieri, from the New Progressive Party, elected in 2008. She became the first woman elected to the office of mayor by the people of Ponce in its extensive political history. She is also the first mayor of a party other than the Popular Democratic Party in Ponce since 1989, when Rafael "Churumba" Cordero Santiago won the elections and took the oath of office that same year.
18th century.
Source: Puerto Rico Encyclopedia
19th century.
Source: Government of the Municipality of Ponce

</doc>
<doc id="20350964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350964" title="Jack Critchley">
Jack Critchley

John Owen "Jack" Critchley (18 April 1892 – 27 April 1964) was an Australian politician. Born in Callington, South Australia. Jack was the son of a miner, Patrick and his wife Julia (née Burns) and was the eldest of three boys, the other two being Mick and Harry. He was educated at state schools before becoming an apprentice wheelwright at Murray Bridge and then worked for Harrisons in Maitland, from where he enlisted. Jack served in the First AIF and fought and was wounded on the Western Front. When he arrived in France he had asked to see his brothers and was told that Mick had been killed and that Harry was at the front. He was blown up in no-man's land near Hill 60 and when he awoke he found himself in hospital in Salisbury, England. Invalided home he obtained a position in the railways at Peterborough. While at Gumbowie (near Peterborough) he had reported for work at the railways when he heard the morse code message coming over the line informing them that his brother Harry had been killed. Jack asked the Station Master, Mr Snigg, to hold the message until he had time to find the Parish priest Father Ed Ryan and together they took the news to his parents. It was at Peterborough that he met Alice Caroline Cave who was selling raffle tickets at the Catholic Bazaar. Jack was so taken by Alice that he bought the entire book of raffle tickets and donated the prize to the Convent. Jack and Alice married in 1919 and had three daughters, Mary (Molly), Pat and Joyce.
Jack had been closely involved with the Labor Party from the early days and had in fact been sacked by a firm in Murray Bridge for forming a union. After the war he became a member of the Peterborough Council, President of the local RSL, and Chairman of the Buffalos Lodge. In 1930, he was elected to the South Australian House of Assembly as the Labor member for Burra Burra, serving until 1933. During this time the Party had been split by the Premiers Plan and he was one of those expelled from the Party for the view that the Premiers Plan was the only honourable course to adopt rather than reneging on the debt as advocated by the Lang group. At about that time Jack served on the Royal Commission inquiring into the licensing of bookmakers.
In 1936 Jack was invited to rejoin the party and was sent to Frome to assist Mick O'Halloran. Jack also worked at the Motor Vehicles Dept where he ran into some strife when he insisted the rooms that the young female typists sat in had to be cleaned. The girls were frightened as the rooms were full of spiders and filthy. The Manager at that time took objection to what he saw as interference and insisted that Jack, who was on a contract, sit the public service exam. Jack duly sat and passed the exam and the examiner at that time Marcus (later Sir Marcus) Oliphant commented that Jack's was the most unorthodox paper he had ever seen but was correct. During the Second War he worked as an industrial officer in the Rationing Commission in Currie St Adelaide.
In 1946, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia. Whilst in the Senate he served as Opposition Whip and was an outspoken champion of soldier's repatriation schemes. Jack was sent to a Commonwealth Conference in Canada and en route stopped in Hollywood where he and the other delegates met Cecil B DeMille and Gloria Swanson on the set of Billy Wilder's film Sunset Boulevard. During the split of the mid 1950s Jack, as a Catholic, was offered a senior position with the breakaway Democratic Labor Party which he declined. He held the seat until his retirement in 1958. Jack Critchley died in 1964 surrounded by his loving family who honour his memory to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="20350971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350971" title="480 Express">
480 Express

The 480 is an express line in Metro Vancouver, Canada, connecting Bridgeport Station in Richmond to the UBC Loop at the University of British Columbia. Operated by Coast Mountain Bus Company and funded by TransLink, it serves Vancouver and Richmond. Heading to UBC, the route crosses north on the Oak Street Bridge into Vancouver, then heads northwest to Granville Street, turns westward onto 41st Avenue, heads northwest on Southwest Marine Drive, turns eastward at 16th Avenue, turns northward onto Wesbrook Mall, and terminates at the UBC loop. Like the 99 B-Line, larger articulated buses are normally used for this route, each with a 120-passenger capacity. Those buses are built by New Flyer Industries of Winnipeg, Manitoba, and some of these busses were once used by the now cancelled 98 B-Line.
480 stops and transfer points.
Westbound (To UBC).
Richmond
Vancouver
Eastbound (To Richmond).
Vancouver
Richmond

</doc>
<doc id="20350988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20350988" title="Dromiacea">
Dromiacea

Dromiacea is a group of crabs, ranked as a section. It contains 240 extant and nearly 300 extinct species. Where they are considered to form a monophyletic group, Dromiacea and two other groups of crabs, namely the Raninoida and Cyclodorippoidea, may be collected together into the Podotremata, each at the rank of subsection; morphological and molecular evidence argue against such a grouping.
The larvae of Dromiacea resemble those of the Anomura more closely than those of other crabs. This may simply reflect their basal position in the crab phylogeny.
The fossil record of Dromiacea reaches back at least as far as the Jurassic, and, if "Imocaris" is indeed a member, into the Carboniferous.
The superfamily Eocarcinoidea, containing "Eocarcinus" and "Platykotta", was previously considered to be a member of the Dromiacea, but has since been transferred to the Anomura.

</doc>
<doc id="20351033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351033" title="World's Biggest Liar">
World's Biggest Liar

World's Biggest Liar is an annual competition for telling lies, held in Cumbria, England. Competitors from around the world have five minutes to tell the biggest and most convincing lie they can. Competition rules bar the use of props or scripts. Politicians and lawyers are not allowed to enter the competition, because "they are judged to be too skilled at telling porkies".
History.
The World's Biggest Liar competition is held every November at the Bridge Inn, Santon Bridge, in memory of Will Ritson (1808–1890), a pub landlord from Wasdale, who was well known for his "tall tales". One of Ritson's most famous fibs was that turnips grew so large in the Lake District that people carved them out to make cow sheds.
Recent competitions.
In 2003, Abrie Krueger of South Africa was named the world's biggest liar after telling a story about how he was crowned King of the Wasdale Valley. This marked the first time that a foreigner had won the competition, which was marked with allegations of Krueger having cheated. A Bishop of Carlisle was supposed to have once won the competition with the shortest-ever speech; he simply said, "I have never told a lie in my life."
Comedienne Sue Perkins won the competition in 2006, marking the first time in the event's history that a woman won the competition. Her winning tall tale was about how the ozone layer became damaged, ice caps melted and people had to be taken to work on camels. 
In 2008, John "Johnny Liar" Graham won the competition for the seventh time after telling the judges a story of a magical ride to Scotland in a wheelie bin that went under the sea. The previous year Graham's winning lie was that a World War II German submarine had invaded Britain to capture digital television decoders. 
Paul Burrows from Essex won the competition in 2010. He told a story of how the lakes and mountains of the Cumbrian countryside had been stolen from the county of Essex, leaving it as flat as it is today. 
The 2011 winner is Glen Boylan. His story involved betting on a snail race with Prince Charles (who advised him to remove the shell to make it more aerodynamic) and losing because his opponents cheated with battery-operated snails.
2013 saw Mike Naylor win for the third time of his Lying career. Naylor, a 57 year old man from Wasdale told a story about Wassie, the monster that lives in Wastwater, the local lake. 

</doc>
<doc id="20351034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351034" title="Coyote (1992 film)">
Coyote (1992 film)

Coyote is a 1992 Canadian/French comedy-drama film based on a novel. The film starred Mitsou who was a very popular singer around the time of release.
The film starred Mitsou as Louise Coyote and Patrick Labbé as two Montreal teenagers who are in love.

</doc>
<doc id="20351042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351042" title="Jorge Luis Garcia">
Jorge Luis Garcia

Jorge Luis Garcia (September 10, 1953 – October 15, 2010) was a Democratic politician. He served as Arizona State Senator for District 27 beginning in 2003, where he held the title of Assistant Minority Leader. Previously he was a member of the Arizona House of Representatives from 1993 through 1996. He died of heart failure on October 15, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20351058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351058" title="Windust Caves Archaeological District">
Windust Caves Archaeological District

The Windust Caves are a series of nine caves that have been eroded into the side of a basalt cliff on the north side of the lower Snake River. The caves were excavated from 1959 until 1961 by a crew led by Harvey S. Rice. Some of the caves had been disturbed, though also somewhat preserved from looting by collectors, by rock falling off the roofs of the caves during construction of the Northern Pacific Railway. Other caves were damaged by collectors. In 1961, upon completion of the Ice Harbor Lock and Dam, the caves were flooded by the reservoir known as Lake Sacajawea.
Archaeologists have determined that there were five separate periods of human cultural occupation of the site, though the periods are thought to have been in an unbroken succession, which ended during the historic period. 
The earliest finds at the site are very similar to the finds at Marmes Rockshelter, all of which have been classified as belonging to the archaeological phase known as the Windust Phase. They point to a lifestyle that was seminomadic. The spear points differed from the earlier Clovis points, in that they were stemmed and leaf-shaped. Radiocarbon dating suggests that the points were made between 8,500 and 6,000 BCE.
Roald H. Fryxell defined the ten layers (above the basalt floor) of stratigraphy of the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20351098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351098" title="Job Harriman">
Job Harriman

Job Harriman (1861-1925) was an ordained minister who later became an agnostic and a socialist. In 1900 he ran for Vice President of the United States along with Eugene Debs on the ticket of the Socialist Party of America. He later twice ran for mayor of Los Angeles, drawing considerable attention and support. He also founded a socialist utopian community called Llano del Rio in California, later relocated to Louisiana.
Biography.
Early years.
Job Harriman was born on January 15, 1861 in Clinton County, Indiana. He lived on the family farm until he was 18.
Harriman's early life was filled with religious influences by his parents, and after graduating Butler University in 1884 he went on into the ministry. Harriman gradually came to doubt the ability of the church to fundamentally affect the lives of common people and to see organized religion as a trap. He recalled in 1902:
"It is in doubt and not in faith that the salvation of the world is to be found. Faith is a delusion and a snare: a pitfall, a prison. It intimidates the intellect. With fear of eternal damnation religion crushes intellectual activity; with hero worship it destroys individuality; with hopes for the beyond it prevents the growth of ideals for the present. It makes of us a race of intellectual cowards; it changes but little if any our daily conduct toward each other. But doubt sets us free."
As Harriman moved away from a belief in spirituality and towards philosophical materialism, he came into contact with socialist literature, being particularly impressed with the 1886 utopian novel "Looking Backwards," by Edward Bellamy. In 1886 he moved to San Francisco and established there a local Nationalist Club, dedicated to attempting to put Bellamy's ideas into practice in America.
Later, Harriman came into contact with the writings of Karl Marx, which turned his early Christian socialist inclinations towards Marxism.
Job Harriman married the sister of a college roommate, Mary Theodosia Gray. In 1895 the couple had twins, a girl and a boy, with the girl dying as a young child.
Harriman left the church and took up the study of law, becoming a lawyer and establishing his own law firm.
Political career.
Job Harriman was initially a member of the Democratic Party, but as he became conscious of socialist ideas he quit that organization and joined the Socialist Labor Party (SLP). Harriman was a gubernatorial candidate for California on the SLP ticket in 1898.
Harriman broke with the SLP during the acrimonious split of 1899, which was largely linked to the SLP's insistence on establishing competing socialist dual unions with the existing trade unions affiliated with the American Federation of Labor. Harriman thereafter was affiliated with the East Coast-based variant of the Social Democratic Party of America (SDP), a group whose members included Henry Slobodin and Morris Hillquit.
In 1900 during unity negotiations between the Eastern and Midwestern SDP organizations, Harriman ran for Vice Presidency of the United States on the Social Democratic Party of America ticket along with Presidential candidate Eugene V. Debs.
Harriman twice ran for Mayor of Los Angeles on the Socialist ticket during the 1910s. In the 1911 primary, he came in first with 44% of the vote. Harriman was one of the lawyers for the McNamara Brothers, along with Clarence Darrow. He was unaware of their guilt, and thus was taken by surprise by a plea bargain negotiated by Darrow, which, unfortunately for Harriman, was announced after the primary but before the general election. His association with the widely reviled McNamaras proved fatal to his campaign, and George Alexander won the election. He ran again in 1913, earning 26% of the vote in the primary.
Llano Cooperative Colony.
Following the narrow defeat in his second bid for Mayor of Los Angeles, Job Harriman turned his back on electoral politics. He instead sought to establish a self-sufficient community upon socialist principles. Together with a group of like-minded investors he purchased a parcel of land in California's Antelope Valley, which the group named Llano Del Rio. The land included water rights — a critical factor due to the location of the land in an oasis in the Mojave Desert.
Advertisements were taken in the socialist press and shares sold to interested families for $500 cash. In addition, each family was asked to contribute a minimum of $2000 in personal property to a "common storehouse" established for the benefit of the entire community.
Beginning with just five families, by 1914 the Llano community had grown to over 1,000 people. Tents were replaced by adobe buildings, and various enterprises, such as a sawmill, kiln, cannery, and bakery, were established. The group issued its own monthly magazine, "The Western Socialist" (later changing its name to "The Llano Colonist," with Harriman acting as editor.
Unfortunately, local farmers began to complain that the socialist community was consuming more than its fair share of precious water, resulting in a stream of lawsuits over the issue. Worse yet, the community proved incapable of advancing beyond a very basic economic level, causing discontent among its members. A new location was found in Leesville, Louisiana in 1918, but the new environs did not suit Harriman and he soon returned home to Los Angeles. The Llano community survived in difficult conditions into the 1930s.
Death and legacy.
Job Harriman died on October 26, 1925. He was survived by his wife, Mary Theodosia Gray, and his son Gray Chenoweth Harriman.

</doc>
<doc id="20351166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351166" title="Frederick Ward (Australian politician)">
Frederick Ward (Australian politician)

Frederick Furner Ward (11 May 1873 – 31 December 1954) was an Australian politician. Born in Bowden, South Australia, he was educated at state schools before becoming a commercial traveller and clerk. A founding member of the South Australian Labor Party, he was its secretary 1922-1943, and was also secretary of the South Australian Socialist League. In 1946, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia. He held the seat until his defeat in 1951. Ward died in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="20351183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351183" title="Land court">
Land court

Land Court or Land claims court is a type of court which is charged with dealings over cases involving land titles and for disputes between landlords and tenants relating to agricultural tenancies. The exact field of jurisdiction varies by country.
Africa.
No land courts known

</doc>
<doc id="20351235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351235" title="Clive Hannaford">
Clive Hannaford

Douglas Clive Hannaford (11 January 1903 – 24 October 1967) was an Australian politician. Born in Riverton, South Australia, he was educated at Prince Alfred College in Adelaide before returning to Riverton as a farmer. He served on Riverton Council and was a co-ordinator of civil defence during World War II. In 1949, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Liberal Senator for South Australia. In February 1967, he left the Liberal Party to sit as an independent, but he died in October, necessitating the appointment of Liberal Condor Laucke to fill the vacancy.

</doc>
<doc id="20351254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351254" title="Alexander Yegorov">
Alexander Yegorov

Alexander Yegorov is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20351284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351284" title="Wrecked (TV show)">
Wrecked (TV show)

Wrecked was a comedy reality series that aired on MTV UK in 2007. It was hosted by Lee Dainton and Matthew Pritchard. In each episode, two rivals were challenged to complete a series of Dirty Sanchez-style stunts in order to crown a winner.
Episodes.
There were 8 episodes in total.

</doc>
<doc id="20351295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351295" title="2009 BDO World Darts Championship">
2009 BDO World Darts Championship

The 2009 Lakeside World Professional Darts Championship was the 32nd World Championship organised by the British Darts Organisation. Mark Webster was the defending men's champion having won the title for the first time in last year's final against Simon Whitlock, but he was eliminated convincingly 4–0 by John Walton in the second round. The title was eventually won by 2000 champion Ted Hankey, who won 7–6 against Tony O'Shea, in a match which lasted just under two and a half hours. The defending women's champion, Anastasia Dobromyslova, was due to defend her championship, having beaten seven-time champion Trina Gulliver in the 2008 final, but on 7 December 2008 she resigned from the BDO/WDF setup after her defeat in the Winmau World Masters to Francis Hoenselaar. It later emerged that she had accepted the 70th and last place into the rival PDC World Championship, replacing an Indian qualifier. This meant that for the first time, the defending women's champion would not be returning to defend her title. Hoenselaar, a five-time runner-up, finally won her first world title by beating Gulliver – the player that had beaten her each time – by two sets to one. The event took place from 3–11 January 2009 and for the 24th time, the tournament took place at the Lakeside Country Club in Frimley Green.
Format and qualifiers.
Men's.
The televised stages featured 32 players. The top 16 players in the WDF/BDO rankings over the 2007–08 season were seeded for the tournament. They were joined by 16 other players who had either been invited by right (10 of the sixteen in this method), a standby player (Stephen Bunting) with 5 other qualifiers determined at the International Playoffs, which were held on 4 December 2008 in Bridlington.
Women's.
The televised stages featured 8 players.
Prize Money.
The 2009 World Championship featured a prize fund of £320,000 - a rise of £10,000 on the previous year. The only monetary change was that the Men's Champion received £95,000 instead of £85,000 as received by Mark Webster at the 2008 championship.
Tournament Review.
Day One, Saturday 3 January.
Women's.
The opening match of the 2009 world championships was between top seed and favourite Gary Anderson and Norway's Robert Wagner. A tight contest, Anderson known for his struggles at the world championship, managed to edge the match 3–2 and avenge his defeat to Wagner in the last 16 of the 2008 Winmau World Masters. Next up was Simon Whitlock, last year's runner-up, who put in a good performance in beating Mark Barilli 3–0. Tony O'Shea looked impressive in seeing off Sweden's Daniel Larsson 3–0, while Darryl Fitton, the 5th seed, eased past Mark Salmon 3–0 without dropping a leg though Fitton was far from his best. There were wins for Edwin Max and Robert Hughes as well.
Day Two, Sunday 4 January.
Women's.
The opening match saw Mark Webster begin the defence of his title and he brushed aside Holland's Willy van de Wiel. 2008 Masters runner-up Scott Waites also impressed as he saw off a poor Ross Smith 3–0. 2000 champion Ted Hankey and 2001 champion John Walton both had 3–0 wins over former semi-finalists Brian Woods and Shaun Greatbatch respectively. Walton's match against Greatbatch was emotional as Greatbatch is fighting bone marrow cancer. Former World Darts Trophy champion Gary Robson laid down a marker as he overcame Stephen Bunting 3–1 in a high quality match where he averaged 98. Sweden's Alan Norris shocked number 13 seed Steve West, brother of former Masters champion Tony West 3–0.
Day Three, Monday 5 January.
Day three saw reigning Masters champion Martin Adams begin his 16th World Championship campaign. Adams was nervy particularly over his doubles but beat Dave Chisnall 3–2 in a tiebreak. Martin Atkins also progressed by beating Joey ten Berge 3–2 in another tight contest. Ross Montgomery saw off Martin Phillips 3–1 whilst debutant Daryl Gurney saw off number 14 seed and fellow debutant Garry Thompson 3–1.
Day Four, Tuesday 6 January.
Day four saw the start of the second round. Tony O'Shea averaged 92 as he destroyed Holland's Edwin Max 4–0. Darryl Fitton laid down a marker as he averaged 98 by beating the previous year's finalist Simon Whitlock 4–2 in a high quality contest in which Whitlock averaged 92. Top seed Gary Anderson overcame his usual early exits by making the quarter-finals beating Wales' Robert Hughes 4–2. World Masters runner-up Scott Waites eased through to the quarter-finals with a 4–0 win over Alan Norris.
Day Five, Wednesday 7 January.
Daryl Gurney gave the number three seed Martin Adams a real scare before the World Masters champion came through 4–2. Adams had been 2–0 up before Gurney levelled the match at 2–2, but Adams edged each of the next 2 sets 3–2 to book his place in the quarters. The shock of the week followed as 2001 World Champion John Walton knocked out the defending champion Mark Webster 4–0. Walton played brilliantly whislt the Welshman was well below par, winning only 4 legs in the match and seeing his reign as World Champion end. 2000 World Champion Ted Hankey saw off Scotland's Ross Montgomery 4–1 whilst number six seed Gary Robson saw off Martin Atkins 4–1.
Day Six, Thursday 8 January.
Women's.
Tony O'Shea reached the semi-finals of the World Championships for the second time in his career as he upset the number one seed and title favourite Gary Anderson 5–3. O'Shea played sensationally in the opening 5 sets, racing into a 4–1 lead before nerves set in and Anderson took the next two to make it 4–3. O'Shea regained his composure to take the next set for the win. Darryl Fitton came from 4–1 down to beat World Masters runner-up Scott Waites and set up a semi-final clash with one of his best friends and fellow native of Stockport, O'Shea. In the women's championship, both Trina Gulliver and Francis Hoenselaar gained 2–0 wins to set up their sixth final against one another.
Day Seven, Friday 9 January.
Women's.
Former World Champion Ted Hankey saw off 2001 champion John Walton with a magnificent display. Hankey beat Walton – who had only dropped five legs before the match – by five sets to one. Martin Adams gave up a 3–0 lead over Gary Robson, who made it 4–4, before the Masters champion won the final set 3–0 to complete a 5–4 win and set up a semi-final clash with Hankey. This meant that all four semi-finalists were 40 or older – the first time that this had ever occurred at a World Championship, in either organisation. (Hankey 40, Fitton 46, O'Shea 47 and Adams 52)
Television coverage.
The tournament was again covered by the BBC in the UK. Coverage was presented by Ray Stubbs, with analysis from Bobby George and commentary from David Croft, Bobby George, Tony Green, and Ted Hankey. The tournament was also shown on SBS6 in the Netherlands and Eurosport across continental Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20351304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351304" title="The Gathering (1977 film)">
The Gathering (1977 film)

The Gathering is a 1977 ABC made for television drama film. A rare live-action drama film from the Hanna-Barbera studios, it was directed by Randal Kleiser and starring Edward Asner and Maureen Stapleton.
Plot.
Adam Thornton (Edward Asner), an ill-tempered executive who walked out on his family, learns that he only has a little time left to live. He decides that he wants to make peace with his family and have one last reunion. He confides this information to his estranged wife Kate Thornton (Maureen Stapleton). But when his doctor says that it won't be good for him to travel, she suggests that he call his four adult children and invite them all for Christmas. He agrees only with the provision that they not be told of his illness and imminent death. The only problem is that most of his family are not exactly fond of him because he walked out on his wife and because of his stubborn nature. Of his four children, Adam is most nervous about seeing Bud Thornton (Gregory Harrison) whom he hasn't spoken to since having an argument regarding the Vietnam War and his moving to Canada, several years prior.
Sequel.
The TV film was followed in 1979 by a sequel ("The Gathering, Part II"), which picked up some time after Thornton's death (Asner did not appear in the sequel), and largely concerned Kate's relationship with a new man (played by Efrem Zimbalist, Jr.).
DVD release.
Warner Bros. released the televised film in Christmas 2009 as part of their on-demand Warner Archive DVD line.

</doc>
<doc id="20351315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351315" title="Orfelia fultoni">
Orfelia fultoni

Orfelia fultoni is the only bioluminescent member of Diptera found in North America. It is distantly related to "Arachnocampa". The larvae of the species live in stream banks among moss and rock cavities, as well as in wet sandstone caves. They build sticky webs, and using their two bioluminescent lanterns as an attractant, capture flying prey. They produce the bluest light of any studied bioluminescent insect. The species occurs in the Appalachian Mountains and Cumberland Plateau, primarily in the states of Alabama, North Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia.
"Orfelia fultoni" has sometimes been referred to by the common name "dismalites", in consequence of their presence in Dismals Canyon, a National Natural Landmark in northwest Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="20351333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351333" title="Lynne Talley">
Lynne Talley

Lynne Talley (born May 18, 1954 in Schenectady, New York) is an American physical oceanographer.
Talley is Professor of Physical Oceanography at Scripps Institution of Oceanography. She is a seagoing oceanographer and served as chief scientist on several hydrography cruises. From 2004–2007 she was a member of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Working Group and a lead author for one of the chapters of the group's final report. Talley is a Fellow of the American Meteorological Society, the American Geophysical Union, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="20351400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351400" title="84 Express">
84 Express

The 84 is an express line in Metro Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It connects VCC–Clark Station on the SkyTrain system to the UBC Loop in UBC. It is operated by Coast Mountain Bus Company and funded by TransLink. Going west, the route goes along Great Northern Way, 2nd Avenue, 6th Avenue, 4th Avenue, Chancellor Blvd and serves Vancouver.
84 stops and transfer points.
Vancouver East
Vancouver West

</doc>
<doc id="20351452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351452" title="ProgeCAD">
ProgeCAD

progeCAD (pronounced "PRO-je-cad") is a Microsoft Windows based CAD software program for editing and printing DWG and DXF files from most versions of AutoCAD.
Commercial CAD Software.
progeCAD (originally called "ProgeSOFT IntelliCAD" until 2005) is a Computer-Aided Design software platform developed by progeCAD in Como, Italy. progeCAD is described as "a Professional, native DWG 2D/3D CAD, supplied with Applications, Libraries and Services at remarkably low cost.". progeCAD is developed using ITC IntelliCAD, ACIS and Open Design Alliance programming toolkits. The user interface emulates certain versions of AutoCAD, including floating toolbars and a command line supporting AutoLISP and VBA scripting. The "Professional" version includes several enhancements, such as Google Earth KML export, 3D solid modeling and PDF import & printing. progeCAD currently uses OpenGL hardware graphics technology, with limited GDI support for older video cards. There is no current support for DirectX hardware acceleration.
Free CAD Software (Non-Commercial).
In 2005 & 2006, progeCAD released free versions of "progeCAD LT" for personal use. "LT" was sequeled in late 2007 with the release of the "progeCAD Smart!" personal CAD system. progeCAD is not "open source". It is illegal to use the free versions of progeCAD for business or commercial application.
progeCAD does offer full "Professional" licenses of progeCAD free to schools for educational purpose. Many schools around the world have taken part in the progeCAD educational program.
Distribution.
progeCAD is currently distributed in English, Italian, Spanish, French, German, Polish, Czech, Chinese, Serbian and Russian. Translation is underway to support additional languages. progeCAD can be downloaded directly from the progeSOFT website.
In 2006 progeCAD released their "CADforLinux", a commercial distribution of progeCAD for Linux using the Wine emulation layer. progeCAD CADforLinux is not currently in active development.
Some users report success with progeCAD under Linux or MAC OS X virtualization as well as CITRIX desktop, but these configurations are currently unsupported by progeCAD.

</doc>
<doc id="20351457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351457" title="Mean square weighted deviation">
Mean square weighted deviation

Mean square weighted deviation is a statistical method used extensively in geochronology also known as the reduced chi-squared.
The Mean Square Weighted Deviation (MSWD) is a measure of goodness of fit that takes into account the relative importance of both the integral and external reproducibility. In general when:
MSWD = 1 if the age data fit a univariate normal distribution in t (for the arithmetic mean age) or log(t) (for the geometric mean age) space, or if the compositional data fit a bivariate normal distribution in [log(U/He),log(Th/He)]-space (for the central age).
MSWD < 1 if the observed scatter is less than that predicted by the analytical uncertainties. In this case, the data are said to be "underdispersed", indicating that the analytical uncertainties were overestimated.
MSWD > 1 if the observed scatter exceeds that predicted by the analytical uncertainties. In this case, the data are said to be "overdispersed". This situation is the rule rather than the exception in (U-Th)/He geochronology, indicating an incomplete understanding of the isotope system. Several reasons have been proposed to explain the overdispersion of (U-Th)/He data, including unevenly distributed U-Th distributions and radiation damage.
Often the geochronologist will determine a series of age measurements on a single sample, with the measured value formula_1 having a weighting formula_2 and an associated error formula_3 for each age determination. As regards weighting, one can either weight all of the measured ages equally, or weight them by the proportion of the sample that they represent. For example, if two thirds of the sample was used for the first measurement and one third for the second and final measurement then one might weight the first measurement twice that of the second.
The arithmetic mean of the age determinations is:
but this value can be misleading unless each determination of the age is of equal significance.
When each measured value can be assumed to have the same weighting, or significance, the biased and unbiased (or "population" and "sample", respectively) estimators of the variance are computed as follows:
The standard deviation is the square root of the variance.
When individual determinations of an age are not of equal significance it is better to use a weighted mean to obtain an 'average' age, as follows:
The biased weighted estimator of variance can be shown to be:
which can be computed on the fly as
The unbiased weighted estimator of the sample variance can be computed as follows:
Discussions of the basic mathematical principles

</doc>
<doc id="20351469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351469" title="Joe Simpson (rugby union, born 1856)">
Joe Simpson (rugby union, born 1856)

Henry Joseph 'Joe' Simpson (1856 - 22 March 1911) was an English-born international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Cardiff Rugby Football Club and international rugby for Wales. He won only three caps for Wales but captained the squad for one match during the first years of international rugby.
Rugby career.
Although born in England, there were few rules regarding nationality in the early period of national rugby, and when in 1884, in a game against England, Frank Purdon withdrew in the morning before the game and Simpson was selected to take his place. The game took place at Cardigan Fields in Leeds, which a disappointing crowd of only 2,000 witnessed, and though Wales lost Simpson was reselected for the remaining two games of the 1884 Home Nations Championship. Wales lost again in the second game of the tournament against Scotland, but in the final match of the competition, in a home game at the Cardiff Arms Park, Simpson was given the captaincy. This was Simpson's last game but it resulted in a Welsh win with tries from Tom Clapp and William Norton. The 1884 match against Ireland which Simpson captained is often remembered because Ireland arrived two players short, and Wales supplied them with two replacements, both of whom became dual nationals as they also represented Wales.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20351533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351533" title="Mujigae tteok">
Mujigae tteok

Mujigae tteok is a variety of "tteok", or Korean rice cake, which consists of colorful layers. It literally means "rainbow "tteok" and also called saekpyeon (colored "tteok") or osaekpyeon (five "colored" tteok). "Mujigae tteok" is made by steaming a mixture of colored rice flour and sugar in a "siru" (an earthen steamer). It is used for special occasions such as a banquet, party, or feast like "doljanchi" (celebrating a baby's first birthday), "hwangap" (celebrating 60 years old people's birthday), or "gyeolhon janchi" (wedding party).

</doc>
<doc id="20351572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351572" title="Henry Bogart">
Henry Bogart

Henry (Hendrick) Isaac Bogart was born October 1729 in Albany, New York and died in 1821. He was the eldest son of Albany residents Isaac and Hendrickie Oothout Bogert. He signed the Sons of Liberty Constitution in 1766. Henry Bogart was elected in 1775 to represent the first ward on the Albany Committee of Correspondence and served on that board throughout its existence. In 1776, he signed the "General Association".
He servied as a constable and in 1761 he was first elected assistant alderman for the first ward section of the city of Albany. Several months after being sworn in as Albany's first official surveyor in 1766, he was elected alderman a post he served for several years. Bogart skippered a sloop called the "Magdeline" in 1776. By that time, he was drawing maps for the city of Albany and private clients. On March 21, 1791 Henry Bogart was appointed by George Washington to the post of Inspector of the revenue of the Port of Albany. 

</doc>
<doc id="20351598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351598" title="Master of the Treasury">
Master of the Treasury

The Master of the Treasury was an Italian painter working in the Byzantine style during the second third of the thirteenth century. A follower of Giunta Pisano, he is known from a painting in the treasury of the Basilica of San Francesco d'Assisi representing the titular saint and four of his posthumous miracles.

</doc>
<doc id="20351623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351623" title="Erika Cremer">
Erika Cremer

Erika Cremer (20 May 1900 in Munich, Germany – 21 September 1996 in Innsbruck, which is today in Austria) was a German physical chemist and Professor Emeritus at the University of Innsbruck who is regarded as the most important pioneer in gas chromatography, as she first conceived the technique in 1944.
Family.
Cremer was from a family of scientists and university professors. Her father, Max Cremer, was a professor of physiology. She had two brothers, Hubert Cremer, a mathematician, and Lothar Cremer, an acoustician.
Gas separation discovery.
Cremer was a lecturer in gas absorption studies at the University of Innsbruck and she was aware of the liquid absorption chromatography research going on there, so she thought of a method to separate gases by utilising an inert carrier gas. Her academic paper posted in 1944 to "Naturwissenschaften" was not published at the time, because the journal's printing press was destroyed during air bombardment, albeit it was finally published after thirty years.
Museum exhibition.
Deutsches Museum opened an exhibition on 3 November 1995 which featured Cremer's work in its branch in Bonn, explaining to the public how she built the first gas chromatograph with Fritz Prior in the 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="20351632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351632" title="Master of the Blue Crucifixes">
Master of the Blue Crucifixes

The Master of the Blue Crucifixes was an Italian artist active either in the region of Umbria or Emilia during the second third of the thirteenth century. He is associated with the Basilica of San Francesco d'Assisi, and may have been an assistant of Giunta Pisano, whose work his paintings resemble. A number of his works, mainly processional crucifixes (from which, along with his favoring of blue paint as a background, his name is derived) survive.

</doc>
<doc id="20351633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351633" title="Carcineretidae">
Carcineretidae

Carcineretidae is a prehistoric family of heterotrematan crustaceans. They are only known from Cretaceous fossils. These crabs are tentatively placed in the superfamily Portunoidea and resemble the swimming crabs (Portunidae) in having some paddle-shaped pereiopods. But it is not certain that this placement is correct, as the Carcineretidae also show some similarities to the Matutidae of superfamily Leucosioidea and the Goneplacidae of superfamily Xanthoidea.
Description.
Their carapace is usually wider than long and of square or ovate shape. Its epibranchial region is bulbous, and it bears at least one transverse ridge in the protogastric, hepatic or branchial region. Unlike in the living Portunoidea, the front (the part of the carapace above the head) is narrow; it bears a few blunt spines in some species. The hind part of the carapace is also narrowed, tapering from just behind the eyes. Around the eyes, also atypical for portunoideans, the carapace makes a wide curve and is beset with spines and notches.
The chelipeds are quite robust – more so than the second to fifth pereiopods – and in some the manus is keeled on the outside. Each "paddle" is formed by the flattened propodus and dactyls of the fourth and/or fifth pereiopods.
At least in males, the first and second sternite are fused, with no suture visible. The suture between sternites 2 and 3 is conspicuous and deep, the one between sternites 3 and 4 incomplete. The eighth sternite is not visible from below. The abdominal of males is narrow, with (probably) completely free somites, and the first to fourth abdominal somite entirely fill the space between the coxae of the fifth pereiopods.
Genera.
Four genera are recognised in the family Carcineretidae:

</doc>
<doc id="20351637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351637" title="IBM 3767">
IBM 3767

IBM 3767 Communication Terminal is a serial printer terminal that employed wire matrix print-head technology and, for the first time, the Synchronous Data Link Control (SDLC) communications protocol set under IBM's Systems Network Architecture(SNA). It was introduced in 1974 and was used widely during the late 1970s to 1990s, for attachment to IBM System/360 and System/370 mainframe computers.
Needs for more efficient computer terminals.
During the late 1960 and 1970s, the computing environment expanded beyond the large computer rooms based on card input/output and started to allow data input and output terminals from remote locations. For such purposes, printer terminals such as IBM 2741 printer, using the traditional asynchronous serial communication (start-stop signaling), and display terminals such as IBM 2260 and IBM 3270, using the new communications protocol set (Binary Synchronous Communications or BSC), became available.
There were needs to use a new more efficient communications protocol set and to make available a more efficient and reliable remote printer and display terminals. To satisfy such needs, IBM 3767 serial printer and IBM 3770 communications system (including a line printer) became available as part of the "Advanced Function in Communications" announcement which included the new System Network Architecture (SNA) and Synchronous Data Link Control (SDLC) communications protocol set, followed by another announcement in July, 1975, which included IBM 3760 Data Entry Station and the new models of IBM 3270 display stations, and IBM 3790 communication system.
3767 functions, features and models.
IBM 3767 Communication Terminal had the following functions:
There were several models depending on the following features:
They will attach to IBM System/360 or IBM System/370 mainframe computers through IBM 3705 communications controllers, and supported by 3705 Network Control Program and mainframe software such as CICS and IMS.
IBM 3767 was developed by IBM Systems Development Division's Fujisawa (later Yamato) laboratory in Japan. It was manufactured at IBM Research Triangle Park plant in North Carolina, USA, Fujisawa plant, and Greenock, Scotland, plant in UK.

</doc>
<doc id="20351640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351640" title="Easy Being Green">
Easy Being Green

Easy Being Green is one of the largest energy efficiency operators in Australia. It was established in 2004 and have been responsible for organising mass consumer action on energy efficiency. As of 2013 the company had aided over 750,000 homes and businesses with energy efficiency. The company has managed to prevent more than 5 million tonnes of carbon pollution from entering the atmosphere through their various energy efficiency projects.
Easy Being Green was founded in 2004 by Nic Frances to focus on residential energy efficiency in Australia. His work in the UK to provide assistance and employment opportunities to vulnerable people was acknowledged when he was awarded the MBE. In 1998, he emigrated from the UK to Australia. There, he led the Brotherhood of St Laurence until 2004. His work earned him an Australian Centenary Medal.
From 2005 to 2007 Paul Gilding took over the running of Easy Being Green. Prior to this, Gilding served with Greenpeace between 1989 and 1994 as an Executive Director for Greenpeace International and Greenpeace Australia. Gilding helped build Easy Being Green to a successful business employing over 200 people. The company used carbon trading to drive mass consumer action on energy efficiency. In doing so it achieved 4,300,000 tonnes of CO2 reductions and established domestic energy efficiency as a mainstream consumer and policy priority opportunity in Australia.
In 2008 Easy Being Green was acquired by Jackgreen Ltd, Australia’s only renewable energy retailer. The business continued as Jackgreen’s energy efficiency arm, offering free residential energy efficiency services and upgrades. Easy Being Green in 2009 launched a major campaign on Solar hot water in which it offered a free system with an interest free green loan on the installation.
In 2010, the founder of Jackgreen Ltd, Andrew Randall, purchased the Easy Being Green assets and has been running it ever since. The company today continues as a leading Australian energy efficiency organization, with large residential energy efficiency programs, energy efficiency audits, green loans, a strong commercial efficient lighting operation and solar sales and installation.

</doc>
<doc id="20351647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351647" title="Jubili">
Jubili

Jubili Frozen Yogurt and Cereal is a San Francisco, California based frozen yogurt and cereal company started by Andy Choi. According to their website, Jubili "seeks to provide the public with a health conscious alternative dessert with its specialty gourmet Italian soft serve frozen yogurt." Jubili operates in the San Francisco, CA Bay Area. Jubili's main competition are Pinkberry and Red Mango.
Jubili won SF Weekly's "Best of San Francisco" in 2008 and also the San Francisco Bay Guardians "Best of the Bay" in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20351675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351675" title="MDynaMix">
MDynaMix

MDynaMix
is a general purpose molecular dynamics software package for simulations mixtures of molecules, 
interacting by AMBER/CHARMM like force fields in a periodic boundary conditions.
MDynaMix is developed at the Stockholm University, Sweden.
Algorithms for NVE, NVT, NPT and anisotropic NPT ensembles are employed, as well as Ewald summation for treatment of the electrostatic interactions.
The code was written in Fortran 77 (with MPI for parallel execution) and C++ and released under the GNU GPL. The package works on Unix/Linux workstations and clusters of workstations as well as on Windows in sequential mode.

</doc>
<doc id="20351678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351678" title="1956 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1956 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1956 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1956-1957. The Buckeyes compiled a 6–3 record.

</doc>
<doc id="20351684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351684" title="Capillaria plica">
Capillaria plica

Capillaria plica (dog bladder worm) is a parasitic nematode which is most often found in the urinary bladder, and occasionally in the kidneys, of dogs and foxes. It has also been found in the domestic cat, and various wild mammals. Its presence usually produces no clinical symptoms, but in some cases, it leads to hematuria (blood in the urine), cystitis (inflammation of the urinary bladder), or difficulty in urination.
Taxonomy and Description.
This species was originally described in 1819, and named "Capillaria plica". In 1982, the suggestion was made that "C. plica" be transferred to the genus "Pearsonema" Freitas & Mendonça 1960, as "Pearsonema plica". Currently, both names are used in the literature with roughly equal frequency. For example, searches of the PubMed database performed on 22 Nov 2008 yielded the same number of hits dated 2000 or later using either "Capillaria plica" or "Pearsonema plica".
Males are 13–30 mm long and females are 30–60 mm long. Eggs are colorless, oval and pitted, and measure 50-68 µm by 22-32 µm.
Hosts and distribution.
"Capillaria plica" is often found in the urine, urinary bladder or kidneys of dogs and cats in North America, Europe, Asia and Africa. It has also been identified in the urinary bladder and kidneys of several wild mammals in North America and Europe:
Life cycle.
In dogs and cats, eggs of "Capillaria plica" are released in the urine of the mammalian definitive host. First stage larvae (L1) develop within the eggshell in 30–36 days. When eaten by the intermediate host -- earthworms of the genera "Lumbricus" or "Dendrobaena" -- the L1 larvae hatch in the earthworm's intestine. The larvae burrow through the intestinal wall and become embedded in connective tissue throughout the worm's body. If the earthworm is eaten by a suitable mammalian host, the larvae molt into second stage larvae (L2), burrow through the intestinal wall, and molt again into third stage larvae (L3). The L3 are carried through the circulatory system to the glomeruli of the kidneys. From there, they travel down the ureter to the urinary bladder. By 33 days post-infection, third (L3) and fourth-stage larvae (L4) are found in the urinary bladder. Here they mature into adults and reproduce sexually, shedding fertilized eggs into the urine of the host within about 60 days of infection. Detailed life cycle studies have not been carried out with wild animal definitive hosts.
Prevalence.
Prevalence rates of up to 50% in wild hosts and 76% in kennel dogs have been reported.
Clinical symptoms.
Most infected animals exhibit no clinical symptoms. In cases of heavy infestation, symptoms may include cystitis (inflammation of the urinary bladder), mild proteinuria (protein in the urine), and hematuria (blood in the urine). Mild inflammation of the ureter has also been reported.
Diagnosis and treatment.
Diagnosis in cases of hematuria or cystitis is made by finding eggs in the urine sediment. Successful treatment with levamisole, ivermectin or fenbendazole have been reported.

</doc>
<doc id="20351687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351687" title="Master of the Gubbio Cross">
Master of the Gubbio Cross

The Master of the Gubbio Cross was the name given to an Umbrian painter active between about 1285 and about 1320. He appears to have been familiar with the artists working at the Basilica of San Francesco d'Assisi, and some of his work bears a resemblance to that of Giunta Pisano.

</doc>
<doc id="20351711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351711" title="1955 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1955 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1955 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1955-1956. The Buckeyes compiled a 7–2 record.

</doc>
<doc id="20351713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351713" title="John Ryan (Australian politician)">
John Ryan (Australian politician)

John Victor Ryan (1 December 1890 – 13 October 1974) was an Australian politician. Born in Adelaide, South Australia, he was educated at state schools before becoming a baker. He was secretary of the Baking Trades Employees' Union before becoming South Australian Labor Party Campaign Director 1928-1950. In 1949, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia. He held the seat until his retirement in 1958. Ryan died in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20351714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351714" title="John Prinsep">
John Prinsep

John Prinsep (also spelled John Princep) (1748–1830) was born the son of a vicar in rural Oxfordshire, England, with limited horizons for advancement. He joined the East India Company as a cadet, travelling to Bombay, and was soon engaged in mercantile pursuits, eventually becoming the earliest British merchant to plant indigo, and becoming extremely wealthy in the process. Prinsep subsequently returned to England, where he became a London alderman and a Member of Parliament, but he eventually lost both large fortunes he created. He was the progenitor of an Anglo-Indian family of merchants, all of whom were artistically gifted.
John Prinsep was born on 23 April 1746, the son of Rev. John Prinsep, BA graduate of Balliol College, Oxford and vicar of Bicester, Oxfordshire. The young Prinsep arrived in Bombay in 1771 as a cadet, shortly after the arrival of Warren Hastings as the first Governor-General of Bengal. 
The vicar's son and former London cloth merchant arrived in Calcutta with almost nothing to his name. "I landed with my baggage at the Custom House," Prinsep recalled in an unpublished memoir, "and proceeded to the 'Punch House' in the Bazaar with ten guineas that I had borrowed from my friend to bear my expenses till I should have presented myself to the Fort Major." It was an inauspicious beginning, but like so many other English arrivals in India, it was fraught with the frisson of Empire and ambition.
In spite of being nearly penniless, Prinsep arrived with a valuable commodity: letters of introduction. Soon, he discovered, Calcutta was not London. "I could not help being surprised at the hospitality offered me," Prinsep later wrote, "for, once respectably introduced, I found myself at home everywhere. No formality, no stiffness or reserve, everybody happy to receive the stranger." The point of view would be echoed by the English ever since, down to E. M. Forster.
Prinsep was apparently distracted by commercial opportunities almost on arrival. He never joined the Army, and resigned his commission in 1772, the year after his arrival in India. A servant of the East India Company, Prinsep became close friends with Warren Hastings, an opportune relationship which served him well. It was his friend Hastings who first secured for Prinsep his lucrative hold on the production of indigo.
The young Prinsep lost his father and two of his sisters to an outbreak of fever in 1768. By then Prinsep seems to have taken up employment in the cotton trade of the East India Company, having worked before his arrival in India in several London merchant houses specializing in fabrics. Within a few years, though, Prinsep discovered indigo. In 1779 Prinsep introduced the cultivation and manufacture of indigo at a factory (plantation) located in Nilgang, near Baraset. Indigo was also being grown in South Carolina for export to England as textile dye, but Prinsep's establishment of the Indian indigo business, simultaneously with the Revolutionary War having slashed American indigo export to England, meant that the Indian producers soon controlled the market.
The business was apparently profitable from the outset, to the extent that within a year Prinsep opened a copper mint at Pulta in 1780 under authority of the government, after he and Alexander Cunningham discovered the copper mines at Rotasgarh, producing the first copper coinage in India. Prinsep also traded on his background in the textile business, opening a cotton fabric printing plant in Bengal, as well as acting for ten years as the chintz contractor for the East India Company, an enormously successful venture. (The chintz venture involved adapting British calico-making techniques to making a cloth called chintz.)
In a few years, Prinsep's near-monopoly had made the country vicar's son one of the wealthiest men in India. He had also made an auspicious marriage to a sister of James Peter Auriol, secretary to government during Warren Hastings' administration. Auriol was a descendant of an old French Huguenot family from Chartres.
By 1773, Prinsep's connections had paid off: he was named an Alderman of the Mayor's Court. For some years afterwards Prinsep's legendary business acumen, first proved to the East India Company when he was still in the fabric business in England and gave advice on improving the Company's fabric business, resulted in his being named Assistant Superintendent of Investments for the Company. By this time Prinsep had set himself up in regal digs in the village of Monirampur close to the Phulta waterworks which supplied Calcutta with drinking water.
As soon as Prinsep began generating returns on his early investments, he did what other successful English merchants had done: he bought the ships with which he traded. No longer would he be at the mercy of the shipping fleet.
By 1788 Prinsep left India and decamped for home, arriving in London with an enormous £40,000 fortune – primarily derived from his indigo ventures – which he used to set himself up in business as an East India agent and Italian silk merchant, a step made easier by his role as an East India Company shareholder. Back in England, Prinsep proved to be a vocal, if not particularly subtle, advocate for the unencumbered rights of English merchants. One tract he authored in 1793, for instance, was entitled: "The right in the West India merchants to a Double Monopoly of the Sugar Market and the Expedience of all Monopolies Examined."
Prinsep simultaneously urged a government policy of opening up the India market to the free competition of British merchants, a policy eventually adopted, but one which he was not able to participate in due to financial reversals resulting from the market crisis occasioned at the end of the American War of Independence. 
In 1780 Prinsep wrote to Lord North while still in Calcutta "outlining his intention of introducing indigo, sugar and tobacco into Britain from South Asia", wrote historian H. V. Bowen in his "The Business of Empire". "He did so with the belief that a 'richer tribute may by such means be drawn from Bengal than is furnished by the present almost worn out system of investing it in manufactures which are every day falling in estimation at home since European industry has adopted such variety of imitation and improvement on the fabricks of the East."
Prinsep continued to write, sometimes under pseudonyms, to put across his political views. In modern parlance, he would probably be called a 'spinner,' so anxious was he to advance his economic and social agenda.
John Prinsep subsequently launched himself on an auspicious political career, as well as purchasing an enormous frescoed mansion at 147 Leadenhall Street, London, which would later become part of the East India Company's offices, as well as Thoby Priory in Essex. 
Back in London, Prinsep became one of the founders of the Westminster Life Assurance Society. He served as MP for Queenborough, Kent, from 1802–06, as a London alderman from 1804–09, and, following financial reverses, as High Bailiff for Southwark from 1817–24. Prinsep also served as Master of the Worshipful Company of Skinners of London.
Prinsep died in London on 30 November 1830. He was survived by seven sons, most of whom became Anglo-Indian merchants and English businessmen, artists and gentlemen farmers. All seven attained official positions of authority while still in India, including one (Henry Thoby Prinsep) who served as a director of the East India Company.
Prinsep and his wife had one daughter. Prinsep Ghat in today's Kolkata is named for the Anglo-Indian family and its long legacy to the subcontinent, from the scholarship and artistry of some family members to the naked imperialism of others.

</doc>
<doc id="20351726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351726" title="Ryan Purvis">
Ryan Purvis

Ryan J. Purvis (born May 8, 1986 in Allentown, Pennsylvania) is an American football tight end who is currently a Free Agent in the National Football League. He was signed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Boston College.
Early years.
Purvis played high school football at Lancaster Catholic High School in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. In 2003, he won All-State honors as a tight end and All-Conference honors as a tight end (first-team), defensive end (first-team), and punter (second-team). As a senior, he made 39 receptions for 755 yards and four touchdowns, averaged 38.8 yards on 41 punts, and threw two touchdown passes. He was selected to play in the fourth annual PSFCA East-West Football Classic. 
Purvis was also a standout on the Crusaders' basketball team. He recorded more than 1000 points and 700 rebounds in his career at center and power forward. Ryan was the starting center on the winningest boys basketball in Pennsylvania prep history. His junior year, the Crusaders went 35-0 and won the 2003 PIAA Class AAA Championship by toppling Perry Traditional Academy 75-59 at the Giant Center in Hershey. In that game, broadcast statewide by PCN, Ryan demonstrated outstanding athletic ability that transformed a little-known junior tight end into one of the most hotly recruited football players in the state. The Crusaders also swept the Lancaster Lebanon League Section 3 title, the L-L League Championship and the District 3 AAA title.
Purvis was recruited by a host of Division 1 football programs, including the University of Pittsburgh and UCLA.
College career.
After redshirting the 2004 season, Purvis made his college debut in the 2005 season opener at BYU, where he caught one pass. He finished the season with six receptions for 12 yards.
Purvis played in all 13 of BC's games as a sophomore in 2006, starting in two of them (Clemson and Duke). He made 29 catches for 381 yards and two touchdowns. He made two catches for 40 yards, including a 25-yard touchdown reception, against Navy in the Meineke Car Care Bowl.
Purvis started all 14 games in 2007, finishing the season with 54 catches for 553 yards and four touchdowns. He had two catches for 14 yards in the ACC Championship Game against Virginia Tech and two catches for 18 yards in BC's win against Michigan State in the Champs Sports Bowl. He was named to the Lombardi Award and John Mackey Award watch lists and was named to the All-ACC first team.
Purvis started all 14 games of the 2008 Boston College season. Purvis had 24 catches for 176 yards, including 4 catches for 29 yards in the 2008 Music City Bowl. Purvis also got some snaps at fullback in place of the injured James McCluskey.
Professional career.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Purvis was not selected in the 2009 NFL Draft. On May 1, 2009, Purvis signed a free-agent contract with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He was waived during final cuts on September 5 and re-signed to the practice squad the following day.
Purvis was promoted to the active roster on December 28 after running back Earnest Graham and defensive end Jimmy Wilkerson were placed on injured reserve. Purvis was again promoted to the active roster on October 25, 2010 when Jerramy Stevens was released. He was cut on September 3, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20351735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351735" title="New York State Department of Health">
New York State Department of Health

The New York State Department of Health (NYSDOH) is the governmental body responsible for public health in the state of New York. The cabinet-level department is headed by the Health Commissioner, a position held since January 24, 2011 by Nirav R. Shah, M.D., M.P.H..

</doc>
<doc id="20351751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351751" title="Expressionist Master of Santa Chiara">
Expressionist Master of Santa Chiara

The Expressionist Master of Santa Chiara was an Umbrian painter active between about 1290 and around 1330. He has been identified as one of Giotto's principal followers; some contend that his hand may be identified in a series of frescos attributed to Giotto in the Basilica of San Francesco d'Assisi. Among the surviving works attributed to him are a set of processional crucifixes, including one in the Cleveland Museum of Art.

</doc>
<doc id="20351755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351755" title="Bob Jenyns">
Bob Jenyns

Bob Jenyns (born Robert Jenyns, 1944, Victoria) is a prolific Australian artist whose practice, spanning over four decades, has produced countless sculptures, prints, drawings, and paintings. He has participated in many of Australia's most significant art exhibitions including the first Biennale of Sydney (1973), the 1973, 1975 and 1978 Mildura Sculpture Triennials, the 1981 Australian Perspecta, the 2nd Australian Sculpture Biennale, and the 1990 Sculpture Triennial. Jenyns was a finalist in the 2006 Helen Lempriere National Sculpture Award, and in 2007 won the award with his work "Pont de l'archeveche". He is represented in many of the country's largest collections, including the National Gallery of Australia, the Art Gallery of New South Wales, the Queensland Art Gallery, the Museum of Contemporary Art in Brisbane, and the Tasmanian Museum and Art Gallery. Jenyns has also received multiple grants from the Australia Council's Visual Arts Board, has curated exhibitions and has taught at the Tasmanian School of Art as head of the sculpture department (1982–2005).
Bob Jenyns is married to ceramic artist Lorraine Jenyns. Both live and work in Tasmania, Australia.
Style.
Jenyns' work is distinctive in style, which has remained relatively consistent throughout his lengthy artistic career. His art is identifiable by his persistent use of figuration, his use of a naive or Outsider Aesthetic, distinct sense of humour, a handcrafted aesthetic, the tableaux or narrative as artistic strategies, the celebration of the everyday and the frequent reference to political, cultural and social events as well as personal experience.
A Naive Aesthetic.
Of the few critics that have written on Jenyns, most refer to the 'naive' or Outsider Aesthetic evident in his work. James Gleeson in 1973, for instance, labelled Jenyns as 'pop-naive'; and Bernice Murphy believes that Jenyns' approach to form 'is allied to tribal art or direct vernacular forms in popular culture, rather than to the formal tradition of Western sculpture.' Graeme Sturgeon believes that this aesthetic 'suggests that Jenyns is a naive artist viewing everything with an apparently wide-eyed innocence.' However, all agree that this exterior is deceptive, with Sturgeon adding that 'one suspects, that behind the apparently ingenuous exterior… there lies another, more profound reality, which will be well worth discovering.' Under Jenyns' profile in Australian Sculptors, Ken Scarlett acknowledges that 
His work certainly has the appearance of naivety, but it also contains a sophisticated wit … Is the sculptor really naive? Is he pulling the spectator's leg? Is he making fun of art and the whole gallery scene?
Jenyns' enthusiastic embrace of the Outsider Aesthetic appears to stem from a number of different experiences and sources. Firstly, his childhood experience of making toys out of salvaged materials has subsequently affected his treatment of materials and form later in his professional artistic career. Secondly, Jenyns has long held an interest in Folk, Naive and outsider art, which has also clearly influenced his style. Lastly, his use of the Outsider Aesthetic serves as a strategy in order to express his disapproval of certain aspects of the art establishment. For Jenyns, the Outsider Aesthetic is symbolic of individual expression, and is a way of challenging dictated notions of taste and high art.
Humour.
In Jenyns' art, humour exists in a number of different forms. His titles often include puns (such as "Putting Money Where Your Mouse Is" (1967)), and his subjects are parodied (for example "Humble Hero" (c. 1984)), although generally in a good-humoured manner. His clever observations of social, political and cultural structures, and celebration of everyday objects and events, are humorously captured in his work, and the many works which celebrate these easily forgotten moments of life are amusing simply due to their banality ("Dog" (1993)). Satire is mostly used by Jenyns in a subtle manner, emerging in quietly subversive works that hide behind a naive exterior; however, occasionally Jenyns produces blatantly critical works which use ironic humour to air political or cultural disapproval ("Meanwhile... Down South In Tasmania" (2005)). Additionally, his novel use of materials and techniques to produce works of art regularly undermine traditional notions of high and low art.
Representation.
Bob Jenyns is represented by Watters Gallery in Sydney. He is represented in Hobart by Colville Street Gallery [http://www.colvillestreetartgallery.com.au/gallery/bobjenyns.php.
Collections.
Jenyns has artwork held in the following collections:
Images of Bob Jenyns' work.
For images of Jenyns' work refer to the following pages:

</doc>
<doc id="20351766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351766" title="Aldana (disambiguation)">
Aldana (disambiguation)

Aldana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20351780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351780" title="Rosie White">
Rosie White

Rosemary Eleanor Florence White (born 6 June 1993 in Auckland, New Zealand), better known as Rosie White, is a female association football player from New Zealand. She plays for UCLA in the Striker position, and is a member of the New Zealand women's national football team, as well as the Under-17 and Under-20 squads.
White achieved a unique double by scoring a hat-trick against Colombia in the 2008 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup and a second against Chile in the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup two weeks later. In 2010 she represented New Zealand at the 2010 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup, playing in two group games. In 2010 she represented New Zealand at the 2010 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup in Germany, appearing in all three group games.
White made her senior Football Ferns debut as a substitute in a 0-6 loss to China PR on 10 January 2009. Having been a prolific scorer for the Under-17 and Under-20 teams, White remained goalless for the Football Ferns until her 14th appearance when she scored in a 14-0 win over Vanuatu on 29 September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20351787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351787" title="Rex Pearson">
Rex Pearson

Rex Whiting Pearson (13 January 1905 – 11 September 1961) was an Australian politician. Born in Kadina, South Australia, he was educated in Adelaide at Prince Alfred College before becoming a farmer and grazier at Sandilands, South Australia. 
In 1941, he was elected to the South Australian House of Assembly as the Liberal and Country League member for Flinders. In 1951, he transferred to federal politics, winning a seat in the Australian Senate as a Liberal. He held the seat until his death in 1961, necessitating the appointment of Gordon Davidson to replace him.

</doc>
<doc id="20351795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351795" title="Standing on a Hummingbird">
Standing on a Hummingbird

Standing on a Hummingbird is Mark Templeton's first full-length album, released February 2007. The album has the distinction of being the inaugural release on the New York ambient electronic label Anticipate Recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="20351806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351806" title="Georges Gallesio">
Georges Gallesio

Georges Gallesio was a French botanist and researcher of the 18'th and 19'th centuries, specailizing in citrus. His famous book "Traité du citrus" was first printed in 1811, and reprinted in 1826 due to its publicity. In his work he presented his foundings that hybrids are offspring of outcross pollination, and not due to grafting as it was considered before him. He also placed family barriers as which species are compatible or not with which, and gave a good account on history of and spread of citrus. He was enoumorously cited in many works close to his time also in "The Citrus Industry" book, by Webber, Batchelor and more.

</doc>
<doc id="20351850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351850" title="International Christian School">
International Christian School

International Christian School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20351861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351861" title="Bill Gropp">
Bill Gropp

William Douglas "Bill" Gropp is a Professor of Computer Science at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, where, since 2013, he has held the Thomas M. Siebel Chair. He is also the Deputy Director for Research Institute for Advanced Computing Applications and Technologies, and the Director of the Parallel Computing Institute. Gropp helped to create the Message Passing Interface, also known as MPI, and the Portable, Extensible Toolkit for Scientific Computation, also known as PETSc.
Gropp was awarded the Sidney Fernbach Award in 2008, "for outstanding contributions to the development of domain decomposition algorithms, scalable tools for the parallel numerical solution of PDEs, and the dominant HPC communications interface".
In 2009, Gropp received an R&D 100 Award for PETSc. In February 2010, he was elected to the National Academy of Engineering, “For contributions to numerical software in the area of linear algebra and high-performance parallel and distributed computation.” In March 2010, he was honored with the IEEE TCSC Medal for Excellence in Scalable Computing.

</doc>
<doc id="20351891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351891" title="Keith Laught">
Keith Laught

Keith Alexander Laught (2 June 1907 – 13 May 1969) was an Australian politician. Born in Adelaide, South Australia, he was educated at Scotch College and then the University of Adelaide, becoming a barrister in 1929. He served in the military 1940-1944. In 1951, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Liberal Senator for South Australia. He held the seat until his death in 1969; Martin Cameron was appointed to fill the vacancy.

</doc>
<doc id="20351924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351924" title="Eugène Ménégoz">
Eugène Ménégoz

Eugène Ménégoz (September 25, 1838 - October 29, 1921) was a French Lutheran theologian who was a native of Algolsheim, Haut-Rhin.
He studied theology in Strasbourg, and in 1866 became pastor at the parish of Billettes in Paris. In 1877 he was appointed full professor to the Protestant Faculty of Theology in Paris at the Sorbonne.
With Louis Auguste Sabatier (1839–1921), he was originator of the French "Symbolo-Fideism" movement, a theological concept that was a union of symbolism and fideism. In his lectures and writings Ménégoz stressed that salvation was achieved through the act of faith independent of creed. A few of his more important publications were:

</doc>
<doc id="20351929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351929" title="Omar Aguilar">
Omar Aguilar

Domingo Omar Aguilar Cardenas (born December 1, 1959) is a retired male long-distance runner from Chile, who represented his native country twice at the Summer Olympics: 1984 and 1988.
__TOC__
Career.
He was torch lighter for the 1986 South American Games at the Estadio Nacional in Santiago, Chile.
In addition to his successes on the track, he won the men's race at the first two editions of the South American Cross Country Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20351945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351945" title="Jim Toohey (politician)">
Jim Toohey (politician)

James Philip "Jim" Toohey (11 July 1909 – 18 August 1992) was an Australian politician. Born in Adelaide, South Australia, he was educated at state schools before becoming a car worker. After serving as assistant secretary of the Vehicle Builders' Employees Union, he was secretary of the South Australian Labor Party 1947-1955, and a member of its Federal Executive 1948-1959. He also sat on West Torrens Council. In 1953, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia. He held the seat until his retirement in 1970. Toohey died in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20351983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20351983" title="Clem Ridley">
Clem Ridley

Clement Frank "Clem" Ridley (13 March 1909 – 19 May 1988) was an Australian politician. He was born to Evan Williams and Beatrice Ridley in Kalgoorlie, Western Australia. He was educated at various state schools before becoming a toolmaker in the car industry. He was Secretary of the Vehicle Builders' Union and President of the United Trades and Labour Council of South Australia. From 1957-1958 he was President of the South Australian Labor Party. In 1958, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia. He held the seat until his retirement in 1970. He died peacefully with his family in his house in Adelaide. 

</doc>
<doc id="20352029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352029" title="Arnold Drury">
Arnold Drury

Arnold Joseph Drury (23 July 1912 – 10 October 1995) was an Australian politician. Born in Adelaide, South Australia, he was educated at Catholic schools before becoming a manufacturing grocer. He served in the military 1942-1945. In 1958, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia. He held the seat until his defeat in 1975. Drury died in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20352040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352040" title="Mark Rogers (baseball)">
Mark Rogers (baseball)

Mark Elliot Rogers (born January 30, 1986) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Seattle Mariners organization. He made his Major League Baseball debut for the Milwaukee Brewers in .
Career.
He was drafted by Milwaukee as the 5th overall pick in the 1st round of the 2004 amateur entry draft out of Mt. Ararat High School in Topsham, Maine, where he was coached by Bob Neron. In 2004, he played for the Rookie league Arizona Brewers. He was promoted to the Class A West Virginia Power in 2005. Rogers split the 2006 season between Arizona and the Class A-Advanced Brevard County Manatees. 
In July 2006, Rogers injured his right shoulder and underwent surgery to repair a torn labrum. In June 2007, he had scar tissue removed as a result of the first surgery. After rehabbing for the entire 2008 season, Rogers returned to the field for Brevard County in 2009. Rogers played the majority of the 2010 season with the Double-A Huntsville Stars, but also played one game for the Triple-A Nashville Sounds. On September 10, he was recalled by the Brewers, making his major league debut in that evening's game.
On August 19, 2011, Major League Baseball announced that Rogers had been suspended for 25 games "due to a second positive test for a stimulant in violation of Major League Baseball's Joint Drug Prevention and Treatment Program".
On July 29, 2012, Rogers returned to the Major Leagues to replace Zack Greinke in the starting rotation after he was traded to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
On November 26, 2012, Rogers' Mt. Ararat jersey number, 8, was retired in a ceremony involving the current student body.
Rogers had a productive stint in the majors during his call-up. He went 3-1 with a 3.92 ERA, striking out 41 batters in 39 innings.
Rogers signed a minor league deal with the Seattle Mariners on January 24, 2014.
Scouting Report.
Mark Rogers is a power pitcher with a four-pitch mix including of a mid-90s four-seam fastball, a mid-80s slider and change-up, and an upper-70s curveball. Rogers has had control problems over the course of his career, but is still able to strikeout more than a batter per inning.

</doc>
<doc id="20352041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352041" title="Cody Scarpetta">
Cody Scarpetta

Cody Michael Payne Scarpetta (born August 25, 1988) is a minor league baseball pitcher who is a free agent. A second-generation minor league pitcher, he is the son of Dan Scarpetta (Brewers, Rangers, and Dodgers) and the nephew of Dennis Scarpetta (Phillies). His cousin Brett was drafted by the White Sox (18th rd 2005) and the Braves (33rd round, 2006) but did not sign.
Scarpetta was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the 11th round of the 2007 amateur entry draft. In 2008, he split the season between the Rookie league Arizona Brewers and Helena Brewers. 
He was called up to the majors on July 10, 2011, but did not pitch. Tommy John reconstructive elbow surgery kept him from playing in the 2012 season. He spent the 2013 season with the Class A-Advanced Brevard County Manatees. Scarpetta was released from the Brewers after the 2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20352064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352064" title="Ryuichi Kamiyama">
Ryuichi Kamiyama

Club career statistics.
Last update: 26 December 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20352075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352075" title="Christmas Is 4 Ever">
Christmas Is 4 Ever

Christmas Is 4 Ever is a 2006 Christmas-themed album by Parliament-Funkadelic bassist Bootsy Collins. The album was released in the U.S. by the Shout Factory label and by P-Vine Records in Japan. The album represents the very first Christmas album made by any member of the P-Funk musical collective. The album features re-workings of Christmas standards such as Silent Night, Merry Christmas Baby and Sleigh Ride, as well as original compositions such as "Happy Holidaze".
Collins stated: "I’ve wanted to do a Christmas album forever, but I never really got the chance or the time to really think about doing it and putting the effort in it."
Personnel.
And Christmas Messages from:

</doc>
<doc id="20352082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352082" title="Gordon Davidson (politician)">
Gordon Davidson (politician)

Gordon Sinclair Davidson (17 January 1915 – 25 November 2002) was an Australian politician. He was a grazier and church administrator before entering politics. In 1961, he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a Liberal Senator for South Australia, filling the casual vacancy caused by the death of Rex Pearson. He did not contest the 1961 election, and his term ended later in 1961. He was re-appointed to the Senate, however, when Senator Nancy Buttfield, who had been elected in Davidson's place, resigned to take on the shorter term. Davidson's term expired in 1962. He was elected in his own right in 1964, and served until his retirement in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20352124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352124" title="Jazz violin">
Jazz violin

Jazz violin is the use of the violin or electric violin to improvise solo lines. The earliest references to jazz performance using the violin as a solo instrument was during the first decades of the 20th century. Early jazz violinists included Eddie South, who played violin with Jimmy Wade's Dixielanders in Chicago; Stuff Smith; Claude "Fiddler" Williams, who played with Andy Kirk and his Twelve Clouds of Joy. Joe Venuti was best known for his work with guitarist Eddie Lang during the 1920s. Georgie Stoll was a jazz violinist who became an orchestra leader and film music director. 
Since that time there have been many superb improvising violinists including Noel Pointer, Stéphane Grappelli and Jean-Luc Ponty. While not primarily jazz violinists, Darol Anger and Mark O'Connor have spent significant parts of their careers playing jazz, while emerging artists like Scott Tixier and Jeremy Kittel have devoted themselves almost exclusively to jazz both progressive and "old-fashioned." Violins also appear in string ensembles or big bands supplying orchestral backgrounds to many jazz recordings.
The violin is a bowed string instrument with four strings usually tuned in perfect fifths. It is the smallest and highest-pitched member of the violin family of string instruments, which also includes the viola, cello, and double bass. A violinist produces sound by either drawing a bow (normally held in the right hand) across one or more strings (which may be "stopped" by the fingers of the other hand to produce a full range of pitches), "plucking" the strings (with either hand), or a variety of other techniques. In jazz-rock fusion styles, jazz violinists may use an electric violin plugged into an instrument amplifier along with effects such as a wah pedal or a distortion fuzzbox.
History.
Traditional and Swing era.
Jazz violinists included Clarence Black and J. Wright Smith, who recorded in the 1920s with Jelly Roll Morton. Joe Venuti paired with guitarist Eddie Lang until the latter's passing in 1933. Classically trained Eddie South began his career in the 1920s and performed with Europeans following a 1928 visit there. Stuff Smith, Ray Nance and Claude Williams were other note-worthy jazz violinists.
European jazz violinists included Stéphane Grappelli (1908–1997), a French jazz violinist who founded the Quintette du Hot Club de France with guitarist Django Reinhardt. It was one of the first all-string jazz bands. After the war he appeared on hundreds of recordings including sessions with Duke Ellington, jazz pianists Oscar Peterson and Claude Bolling, and jazz violinist Jean-Luc Ponty. Svend Asmussen (b. 1916) is a jazz violinist from Denmark who worked with Benny Goodman, Lionel Hampton, and Duke Ellington. Asmussen was invited by Ellington to play on the "Jazz Violin Session" recording in 1963 with Stéphane Grappelli and Ray Nance.
Jazz fusion.
Jean-Luc Ponty (born 1942) is a virtuoso French violinist and jazz composer. By the mid-1960s he had moved towards jazz, recording with Stéphane Grappelli and Stuff Smith. Ponty's attraction to jazz was propelled by Miles Davis's and John Coltrane's music, which led him to adopt the electric violin. Critic Joachim Berendt wrote that "Since Ponty, the jazz violin has been a different instrument" and of his "style of phrasing that corresponds to early and middle John Coltrane" and his "brilliance and fire".
In 1967 he visited the US for the Monterey Jazz Festival Ponty subsequently worked with Stéphane Grappelli, the Mahavishnu Orchestra, and Frank Zappa, and appeared on more than 70 recordings. 
His symphonic approach to jazz fusion made him a popular fusion artist of the 1970s. In 1972, he featured prominently on Elton John's "Honky Chateau" album. In 1977, he pioneered the use of the 5-string electric violin, with a lower C string. He sometimes also uses a 6-string electric violin called the Violectra, with low C and F strings – not to be confused with the violectra he played from the late 1960s to the mid-80s which had 4 strings, but tuned an octave lower. Ponty was among the first to combine the violin with MIDI, electronic distortion boxes, phase shifters, and wah-wah pedals. This resulted in his signature, almost synthesizer-like sound. In 2005, Ponty formed the acoustic jazz fusion supergroup Trio! with bassist Stanley Clarke and banjoist Béla Fleck.
Modern Jazz Scene.
The violin has not played a major role in in the modern jazz scene. Mark Feldman (born 1955) is one of the leading performers in modern and contemporary jazz violin, along with Mat Maneri; Christian Howes, and Scott Tixier. They have all created a new improvisational voice on the violin.
Electric violins.
In jazz-rock fusion styles, jazz violinists may use an electric violin. Jazz fusion groups typically use rock instruments such as electric guitar, bass guitar, electric keyboards, and drums; to compete with these loud instruments, violinists often use an amplified violin that is plugged into an instrument amplifier. Moreover, the use of an electric violin allows the violinist to apply effects such as a wah pedal, phaser, reverb, or a distortion fuzzbox, to create unusual new sounds. 
An electric violin is a violin equipped with an electric signal output of its sound, and is generally considered to be a specially constructed instrument which can either be an "electro-acoustic violin" capable of producing both acoustic sound and electric signal or an "electric violin" capable of producing only electric signal. To be effective as an acoustic violin, electro-acoustic violins retain much of the resonating body of the violin, often looking very much like, sometimes even identical to, an acoustic violin or fiddle. They are often varnished with bright colours and made from alternative materials to wood. 
The first specially built electric violins date back to the late 1930s and were made by Victor Pfeil, Oskar Vierling, George Eisenberg, Benjamin Miessner, George Beauchamp, Hugo Benioff and Fredray Kislingbury. The majority of the first electric violinists were musicians playing jazz and popular music. Electric violins typically have piezoelectric transducer pickups and/or magnetic pickups built into the body of the instrument. Like an electric guitar, an electric violin may also have volume and tone potentiometer knobs for controlling the sound of the instrument. 
Like other electro-acoustic or electric instruments, an electric violin is often patched into a preamplifier, impedance-matching device, and/or a Direct Injection (DI box) box before it is routed to the PA system, electronic effects, or the instrument amplifier.
Further reading.
"Jazz Fiddle Wizard" by Martin Norgaard
"Jazz Philharmonic" by Randy Sabien
"Improvising Violin" by Julie Lyonn Lieberman
"Blues Fiddle" by Julie Lyonn Lieberman
"The Contemporary Violinist" by Julie Lyonn Lieberman
External links.
Joe Venuti Discography Joe Venuti Discography

</doc>
<doc id="20352137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352137" title="Toru Miyamoto">
Toru Miyamoto

Career statistics.
Last update: 18 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20352145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352145" title="Ron Brace">
Ron Brace

Ronald "Ron" Jeffery Brace III (born December 18, 1986) is an American football nose tackle who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the New England Patriots in the second round of the 2009 NFL Draft as a defensive end. He played college football at Boston College.
Early years.
Brace attended Burncoat Senior High School in Worcester, Massachusetts. As a senior, Brace earned All-State and Worcester Telegram & Gazette all-star honors. He was also a three-time conference all-star choice and played in the 2004 Massachusetts Shriners Football Classic. He was the team captain and team MVP in 2003 and also excelled in track and field, winning the state shot put title in 2003 and 2004.
College career.
After redshirting the 2004 season, Brace made his college debut for Boston College in the 2005 season opener at BYU. He finished the season with 11 tackles (six solos) and one tackle for loss in 12 games (one start). He had one solo tackle against Boise State in the MPC Computers Bowl.
Brace played and started in 11 games at defensive tackle in 2006. He had 20 tackles (11 unassisted) and registered 3.5 tackles for loss. He made a career-high five tackles (three solo), including 1 for a loss, and recovered one fumble in BC's Meineke Car Care Bowl victory versus Navy.
Brace finished the 2007 season with 27 total tackles (14 solos), 7.5 tackles for loss, and 2.5 sacks He registered three tackles (one solo) and 0.5 tackles for loss in the ACC Championship Game against Virginia Tech and two tackles in the 2007 Champs Sports Bowl against Michigan State. He was an All-ACC team honorable mention.
Brace began his 2008 senior season on the Outland Trophy and All-ACC team watch lists. He played in all 14 games in 2008, recording 27 tackles and three sacks while paired with defensive tackle B. J. Raji, a first round pick in the 2009 NFL Draft. After the season he was named to the second-team All-ACC.
He is member of the Iota Phi Theta fraternity, Inc.
Professional career.
New England Patriots.
2009 season.
Brace was drafted by the Patriots in the second round (40th overall) of the 2009 NFL Draft. On July 17, 2009, he was signed to a 4-year contract with approximately $2.82 million in guaranteed money.
Brace was active for six of the first 13 games of the season, recording two tackles. Brace started his first NFL game on December 20, 2009 against the Buffalo Bills in place of an injured Vince Wilfork and Pryor at nose tackle. He started again for the Patriots in Week 16 and finished the season with eight tackles in nine games played (two starts). Brace was inactive for the Patriots' playoff loss against the Baltimore Ravens.
2010 season.
Prior to the 2010, Brace was moved to defensive end, and missed most of training camp after failing his conditioning test. However, he returned and started the first three games of the regular season, including a four-tackle game in Week 2 against the New York Jets. Brace soon lost his starting job to rookie Brandon Deaderick, and was inactive for the team's Week 7 win over the San Diego Chargers.
Brace was active again in Week 8, and returned to the starting lineup two weeks later against the Pittsburgh Steelers. He was a reserve the next week against the Indianapolis Colts, but tied his season-high of four tackles in the game. Three weeks later, he started the Patriots' Week 13 game in Chicago, but sustained a concussion that kept him out of their Week 15 game against the Green Bay Packers. After playing in Week 16, Brace missed the team's regular season finale with an elbow injury.
Brace was placed on injured reserve on January 3, 2011, prior to the playoffs. He finished the regular season with 23 tackles in 13 games played (five starts).
2011 season.
Brace started the season on the "PUP" list and returned to practice after week six.[http://bleacherbumsports.net/2011/10/19/familiar-faces-return-to-patriots-practice/]
2012 season.
On December 29, 2012 Brace was released. 
Washington Redskins.
Brace signed with the Washington Redskins on February 14, 2013. He was released on August 31, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20352149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352149" title="Lubbock Challenger">
Lubbock Challenger

The Lubbock Challenger is a tennis tournament held in Lubbock, Texas since 2005. The event is part of the "challenger series and is played on outdoor hard courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20352155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352155" title="Geoff McLaren">
Geoff McLaren

Geoffrey Thomas "Geoff" McLaren (1 February 1921 – 30 January 1992) was an Australian politician. Born in Koroit, Victoria, he was educated at state schools before becoming a shearer. In 1961 he moved to Murray Bridge in South Australia, where he became a poultry farmer. In 1970, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia. He held the seat until his retirement in 1983. McLaren died in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20352169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352169" title="Tatsunori Yamagata">
Tatsunori Yamagata

He had previously played for Avispa Fukuoka for 7 seasons before leaving at the end of the 2011 season.
His elder brother Kyohei was also a professional footballer.
Club career statistics.
Last update: 15 January 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20352180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352180" title="Molnár János Cave">
Molnár János Cave

The Molnár János Cave is a thermokarstic water-filled cave system. It is located in the Rózsadomb district of Budapest in Hungary.
The deepest sections reach , while the total length of explored sections is currently . Cave mouth is just from Danube
In 2008, an underground cave lake was found there, with largest chamber roughly long, wide and high.

</doc>
<doc id="20352201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352201" title="Ron Elstob">
Ron Elstob

Ronald Charles "Ron" Elstob (born 29 November 1924) is a former Australian politician. Born in Toowoomba, Queensland, he was a waterside worker in Adelaide, South Australia, and an official with the Waterside Workers' Federation. In 1977 he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia. He held the seat until his retirement in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20352251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352251" title="Ben Hanford">
Ben Hanford

Benjamin "Ben" Hanford (1861–1910) was an American socialist politician during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. A printer by trade, Hanford is best remembered for his 1904 and 1908 runs for Vice President of the United States on the ticket of the Socialist Party of America, running next to Presidential nominee Eugene V. Debs. Hanford was also the creator of the fictional character "Jimmie Higgins," a prototypical Socialist rank-and-filer whose silent work on the unglamorous tasks needed by any political organization made the group's achievements possible — a character later reprised in a novel by Upton Sinclair.
Biography.
Early life.
Benjamin Hanford was born in Cleveland, Ohio in 1861, the son of George Byington Hanford and Susan Elizabeth Martini Hanford. Ben's mother died when he was in infancy. Hanford's father later married Frances Jane Thompson, a woman from Bangor, Maine who as Hanford's step-mother imparted a taste for scholarship and culture upon him.
As a boy Hanford went to work for a newspaper, learning the printer's trade at the "Marshalltown Republican" of Marshalltown, Iowa. With his 18th birthday approaching Hanford left Iowa for the great regional metropolis of Chicago, where on February 26, 1879 he became a member of the Chicago Typographical Union, a local affiliate of the International Typographical Union. Hanford would remain a dues-paying member of that organization for the rest of his life.
In 1892 Hanford relocated to New York City. There he worked as a printer and became involved in the affairs of International Typographical Union Local No. 6 — known as "Big Six" in that era.
Political career.
In 1893 a fellow printer from Philadelphia named Fred Long converted his fellow union member to the ideas of socialism. Hanford joined the dominant American socialist political organization of the day, the Socialist Labor Party (SLP). Hanford was selected to head the New York state ticket of the SLP in 1898, running for Governor of New York. In 1899 the SLP split, however, and Hanford left the organization with an anti-dual union faction led by Morris Hillquit and Henry Slobodin and centered around the "New Yorker Volkszeitung."
Hanford was nominated again in 1900 as New York gubernatorial candidate and as 1901 candidate for Mayor of New York by this breakaway political group, which named itself the "Social Democratic Party" after losing a lawsuit over use of the name and emblem of the SLP filed by the majority loyal to party leaders Daniel DeLeon and Henry Kuhn.
In August 1901 the eastern "Social Democratic Party" of Hillquit, Slobodin, and Hanford merged with the Chicago-based Social Democratic Party of America headed by Eugene V. Debs and Victor L. Berger to form the Socialist Party of America (SPA), of which Hanford became a charter member. Hanford was tapped the New York ticket of the SPA in the November 1902, running for Governor of New York for a third time.
Hanford was regarded as an effective orator who possessed both "a burning earnestness" and "an ability to clothe his thoughts and feelings into the simplest and most direct language." This reputation, combined with his previous experience running for high office in New York state, made Hanford a majority choice among Socialist Party convention delegates to be the party's Vice-Presidential nominee in the 1904 and 1908 United States presidential elections.
In addition to his efforts as a labor organizer and socialist orator and political candidate, Hanford was an effective pamphleteer, winning praise for his 1901 tract, "Railroading in the United States," and making a lasting mark on the literature of American socialism with his short story "Jimmie Higgins," lauding the silent efforts of a prototypical Socialist rank-and-file member to complete the mundane tasks that made an effective political movement possible. This character, reckoned by one commentator as "a veritable apotheosis of the faithful worker in the ranks," was reprised after Hanford's death in a novel by the same title by Upton Sinclair.
Death and legacy.
Following the close of the 1908 Socialist Party National Convention at which he was nominated for Vice President for a second time, Hanford was stricken by "a virulent stomach trouble." The chronic condition proved incapacitating, forcing Hanford off the campaign trail and limiting his contributions to the written word. Hanford rallied for a time following the close of the campaign, spending time and effort attempting to raise funds for the "New York Call," socialist daily newspaper in New York City.
On November 22, 1908 the committed 48-year old bachelor Hanford married Alice Bointom, a fellow Socialist from New York City. The couple made their home in the Flatbush section of Brooklyn. Unfortunately, Hanford's health again began to decline, taking what would ultimately prove to be its terminal turn.
In 1909, with Hanford bedridden, a retrospective in his honor entitled "Fight for Your Life!: Recording Some Activities of a Labor Agitator" was unveiled by the Wilshire Book Company of New York, publishing house run by "Wilshire's Magazine" editor Gaylord Wilshire. Hanford's demise proved to be slow and painful, with his friend John C. Chase noting that he was confined to bed "for weeks and sometimes for months" in an "agony such as few men have to endure," while his body wasted from "the ravages of long continued illness."
Ben Hanford died at his home in Brooklyn, New York at noon on Monday, January 24, 1910, with his wife and party comrades by his bedside. His last hours were said to have been "peaceful and free of pain."

</doc>
<doc id="20352254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352254" title="Dominic Foreman">
Dominic Foreman

Dominic John Foreman (born 6 August 1933) is a former Australian politician. He was a union official and South Australian Secretary of the Vehicle Builders' Employees' Union before entering politics. From 1979-1980 he was President of the South Australian Labor Party. In 1980, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia. He held the seat until his resignation in 1997; John Quirke was appointed to replace him.

</doc>
<doc id="20352269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352269" title="Quadratic unconstrained binary optimization">
Quadratic unconstrained binary optimization

Quadratic unconstrained binary optimization (QUBO) is a pattern matching technique, common in machine learning applications. QUBO is an NP hard problem. 
QUBO problems may sometimes be well-suited to algorithms aided by quantum annealing. 
QUBO is given by the formula:
formula_1

</doc>
<doc id="20352274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352274" title="Satoshi Nagano">
Satoshi Nagano

Club career stats.
As of 11 November 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20352276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352276" title="Donald Finkel">
Donald Finkel

Donald Alexander Finkel (October 21, 1929 – November 15, 2008) was an American poet best known for his unorthodox styles and "curious juxtapositions".
Life.
Finkel was born in New York City on October 21, 1929. He grew up in the Bronx, and aspired to be a sculptor as a youth. He attended the University of Chicago, only to be expelled for smoking marijuana. Finkel attended Columbia University, where he was awarded a bachelor's degree in philosophy in 1952. He earned a master's degree in English from Columbia in 1953.
He taught at the Iowa Writers' Workshop at the University of Iowa and at Bard College in Annandale-on-Hudson, New York, prior to accepting a faculty position at Washington University in St. Louis in 1960. He taught at Washington University until 1991, and was poet-in-residence emeritus there until his death. Mr. Finkel’s wife, Constance Urdang, a novelist and poet, died in 1996. In addition to his son, Tom, of St. Louis, he is survived by two daughters, Liza Finkel of Portland, Ore., and Amy Finkel of St. Louis; a half-brother, David Finkel of Manhattan; and two grandchildren.
Poetry.
De Witt Bell, in a 1964 review, called Finkel's work "Simeon", "a book of great "élan", robust in world view and vigorous in style. Both the poet and the poems seems to be enjoying themselves."
Finkel was sent to Antarctica in 1968, as part of a scientific expedition sponsored by the National Science Foundation to send artists to Antarctica. The trip spawned a book-length poem, "Adequate Earth", in 1972, and the subject reappeared in his 1978 book, "Endurance: An Antarctic Idyll".
Finkel's wrote his poetry in free verse, juxtaposing different subjects against each other. Some of his poetry was extremely lengthy, with single pieces filling a volume. Finkel strayed from abstraction and used common language in his writing. He would interlace his poetry with sections taken from a wide range of works, including the writings of authors including Lenny Bruce, Admiral Richard Evelyn Byrd, Albert Camus and Franz Kafka to create what "The New York Times" described as a "multilayered, sculptural bricolage through which Mr. Finkel expanded the reader's sense of what was possible in the genre." Some of Finkel's best-known poems include his 1968 work "Answer Back" about Mammoth Cave, "Adequate Earth," and his 1987 work "The Wake of the Electron" which was inspired by the story of sailor Donald Crowhurst, who died in 1969 while competing in the Sunday Times Golden Globe Race.
The 14 books of poetry and other works he published include "Simeon" (1964), "A Joyful Noise" (1966), "The Garbage Wars" (1970), "A Mote in Heaven’s Eye" (1975), "Endurance: An Antarctic Idyll" (1978), "Going Under" (1978), "What Manner of Beast" (1981) and "Not So the Chairs: Selected and New Poems" (2003). He translated "A Splintered Mirror: Chinese Poetry From the Democracy Movement" with Carolyn Kizer, which was published in 1991.
“The Invention of Meaning”
In the beginning was the hand 
and the poem of the hand, 
a breathless trope, a floating hieroglyph, 
seamless as water.
Then the hand spoke, and the hand said 
“Let there be meaning,” and the meaning sang: 
“Let there be love,” and the hand 
shaped itself another hand of clay.
Now, where there had been 
but one meaning, there were two. 
So the hands wrestled all night 
till they saw it was pointless.
So together they shaped themselves 
a cunning tongue, to arbitrate. 
Now, where there had been two meanings, 
there were three.
And the hands wrung one another, 
abashed, and the tongue took over.
–Donald Finkel
From: Natural Bridge
Sculpture and death.
Before his death, Finkel returned to sculpture, creating pieces from buttons, bottles and other found objects, in a process he called "dreckolage".
He died at age 79 on November 15, 2008 at his home in St. Louis, Missouri of complications of Alzheimer's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="20352309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352309" title="Binturong">
Binturong

The binturong ("Arctictis binturong"), also known as bearcat, is a viverrid native to South and Southeast Asia. It is uncommon in much of its range, and listed as "Vulnerable" by IUCN because of a declining population trend that is estimated at more than 30% over the last three decades.
Thomas Stamford Raffles first described a specimen from Malacca where it is called "binturung".
In standard Malay, it is known as "benturung", and in Riau, Indonesia as "tenturun".
The binturong is a monotypic genus. Its genus name "Arctictis" means ‘bear-weasel’, from Greek "arkt-" ‘bear’ + "iktis" ‘weasel’.
Characteristics.
The body of the binturong is long and heavy, and low on the legs. It has a thick fur of strong black hair. The bushy and prehensile tail is thick at the root, gradually diminishing in size to the extremity, where it curls inwards. The muzzle is short and pointed, somewhat turned up at the nose, and is covered with bristly hairs, brown at the points, which lengthen as they diverge, and form a peculiar radiated circle round the face. The eyes are large, black and prominent. The ears are short, rounded, edged with white, and terminated by tufts of black hair. There are six short rounded incisors in each jaw, two canines, which are long and sharp, and six molars on each side. The hair on the legs is short and of a brownish tinge. The feet are five-toed, with large strong claws; the soles are bare, and applied to the ground throughout the whole of their length; the hind ones are longer than the fore.
In general build the binturong is essentially like "Paradoxurus" and "Paguma" but more massive in the length of the tail, legs and feet, in the structure of the scent glands and larger size of rhinarium, which is more convex with a median groove being much narrower above the philtrum. The contour hairs of the coat are much longer and coarser, and the long hairs clothing the whole of the back of the ears project beyond the tip as a definite tuft. The anterior bursa flap of the ears is more widely and less deeply emarginate. The tail is more muscular, especially at the base, and in colour generally like the body, but commonly paler at the base beneath. The body hairs are frequently partly whitish or buff, giving a speckled appearance to the pelage, sometimes so extensively pale that the whole body is mostly straw-coloured or grey, the young being often at all events paler than the adults, but the head is always closely speckled with grey or buff. The long mystacial vibrissae are conspicuously white, and there is a white rim on the summit of the otherwise black ear. The glandular area is whitish.
The tail is nearly as long as the head and body, which ranges from ; the tail is long. Some captive binturongs measured from to in head and body with a tail of . Mean weight of captive adult females is with a range from . Captive animals often weigh more than wild counterparts.
The binturong is the largest living species of the "Viverridae", only rivaled by the African civet. Females are 20% larger than males.
Distribution and habitat.
Binturongs occur from India, Nepal, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Myanmar, Thailand, Malaysia to Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam and Yunnan in China, and from Sumatra, Kalimantan and Java in Indonesia to Palawan in the Philippines.
Binturongs are confined to tall forest.
They are not uncommon in the forested plains and hills throughout Assam, but more common in foothills and hills with good tree cover. They have been recorded in Manas National Park, in Dulung and Kakoi Reserved Forests of the Lakhimpur district, in the hill forests of Karbi Anglong, North Cachar Hills, Cachar and Hailakandi Districts.
In Myanmar, binturongs were photographed on the ground in the Tanintharyi Nature Reserve at an altitude of , in the Hukaung Valley at altitudes from , in the Rakhine Yoma Elephant Reserve at and at three other sites up to elevation.
In Thailand's Khao Yai National Park, several individuals were observed feeding in a fig tree and on a vine.
In Laos, they have been observed in extensive evergreen forest.
In Malaysia, binturongs were recorded in secondary forest surrounding a palm estate that was logged in the 1970s.
In Palawan, they are found in primary and secondary lowland forest, including grassland–forest mosaic from sea level to .
Distribution of subspecies.
Nine subspecies have been recognized forming two clades. The northern clade from mainland Asia has been separated from the Sundaic clade by the Isthmus of Kra.
Ecology and behavior.
Binturongs are active during the day and at night. Three sightings in Pakke Wildlife Sanctuary were by day. Thirteen camera trap photograph events in Myanmar involved one around dusk, seven in full night and five in broad daylight. All photographs were of single animals, and all were taken on the ground. As binturongs are not very nimble, they may have to descend to the ground relatively frequently when moving between trees.
Five radio-collared binturongs in the Phu Khieo Wildlife Sanctuary exhibited an arrhythmic activity dominated by crepuscular and nocturnal tendencies with peaks in the early morning and late evening. Reduced inactivity periods occurred from midday to late afternoon. They moved between and daily in the dry season and increased their daily movement to in the wet season. Ranges sizes of males varied between and . Two males showed slightly larger ranges in the wet season. Their ranges overlapped between 30–70%. The average home range of a radio-collared female in the Khao Yai National Park was estimated at , and the one of a male at .
They are essentially arboreal. Pocock observed the behaviour of several captive binturongs in the London Zoological Gardens. When resting they lie curled up, with the head tucked under the tail. They never leap, but climb skilfully, albeit slowly, progressing with equal ease and confidence along the upper side of branches or, upside down, beneath them, the prehensile tail being always in readiness as a help, and they descend the vertical bars of the cage head first, gripping them between their paws and using the prehensile tail as a check. When irritated they growl fiercely, and when on the prowl may periodically utter a series of low grunts or a hissing sound made by expelling the air through partially opened lips.
Binturongs move about gently, often coming to a stop, and often using the tail to keep balance, clinging to a branch. They show a pronounced comfort behaviour associated with grooming the fur, shaking and licking the hair, and scratching. Shaking is the most characteristic element of comfort behaviour.
Binturong also use the tail to communicate, through the scent glands on either side of the anus in both males and females. The females also possess paired scent glands on either side of the vulva. Their musk glands emit an odor reminiscent of popcorn.
Although they are sympatric with several potential predators, including leopards, clouded leopards and reticulated pythons, predation on adults is reportedly quite rare. Normally quite shy, they can be aggressive when harassed. It is reported to initially urinate or defecate on a threat and then, if teeth-baring and snarling does not additionally deter the threat, will use its powerful jaws and teeth in self-defense.
Diet.
Binturongs are omnivorous, feeding on small mammals, birds, fish, earthworms, insects and fruits. Captive binturongs are particularly fond of plantains, but would also eat fowls' heads and eggs. They also prey on rodents. Fish and earthworms are likely unimportant items in their diet, as they are neither aquatic nor fossorial, coming across such prey only when opportunities present themselves. Since they do not have the attributes of a predatory mammal, most of the binturong's diet is probably of vegetable matter. Figs are a major component of their diet.
The binturong is an important agent for seed dispersal, especially for those of the strangler fig, because of its ability to scarify the seed's tough outer covering.
In captivity, the binturong's diet includes commercially prepared meat mix, bananas, apples, oranges, canned peaches and mineral supplement.
Reproduction.
The estrous period of the binturong is 81 days, with a gestation of 91 days. The average age of sexual maturation is 30.4 months for females and 27.7 months for males. Fertility lasts until 15 years of age. The binturong is one of approximately 100 species of mammal believed by many husbandry experts to be capable of embryonic diapause, or delayed implantation, which allows the female of the species to time parturition to coincide with favorable environmental conditions. Typical birthing is of two offspring, but up to six may occur.
The maximum known lifespan in captivity is thought to be over 25 years of age.
Threats.
Major threats to the binturong are habitat loss and degradation of forests through logging and conversion of forests to non-forest land-uses throughout the binturong's range. Habitat loss has been severe in the lowlands of the Sundaic part of its range, and there is no evidence that the binturong uses the plantations that are largely replacing natural forest. In China, rampant deforestation and opportunistic logging practices have fragmented suitable habitat or eliminated sites altogether. In the Philippines, it is captured for the wildlife trade, and in the south of its range it is also taken for human consumption. In Lao PDR, it is one of most frequently displayed caged live carnivores and skins are traded frequently in at least Vientiane. In parts of Lao PDR, it is considered a delicacy and also traded as a food item to Vietnam.
The Orang Asli of Malaysia keep binturong as pets.
Conservation.
India included the binturong in CITES Appendix III. It is protected in Malaysia, and is listed as "Critically Endangered" on the China Red List.
In captivity.
Binturongs are common in zoos, and captive individuals represent a source of genetic diversity essential for long-term conservation. Typically, zoo animals have unknown geographic origin or are the offspring of several generations of captive-bred animals with no information on the geographic origin of the founders.
In captivity, the binturong has been noted for its reported intelligence as well as its curious disposition. However, its occasional ill-temperament makes it a difficult pet at best and it is better handled by experienced wildlife handlers and zookeepers.
Usage as Mascot.
Several Colleges throughout the United States have used the Binturong or "Bearcat" as their mascot including:

</doc>
<doc id="20352311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352311" title="Riverwalk (Fort Lauderdale)">
Riverwalk (Fort Lauderdale)

Riverwalk (Fort Lauderdale) is also known as the Fort Lauderdale Riverfront. It is the club district in downtown Fort Lauderdale, Florida. There are two main streets that run through the district, Las Olas Boulevard and Himmarshee Street. In addition to the bars and clubs, there are restaurants, cafes, and a movie theater.
The clubs and bars located off 1st Street and Las Olas Blvd. include: Art Bar and Off the Hookah. Art Bar is a hip-hop club. Off the Hookah is a Middle-Eastern themed hoohak lounge with a bar.
The second area of Fort Lauderdale Riverfront, also known as "Himmarshee Village", runs down Himmarshee Street passing the train-tracks. There are several bars, clubs, cafes, and restaurants which include: The Porterhouse, Tarpon Bend, Side Bar, Voodoo Lounge, Latin Fire, Limoncello, Dicey Riley's, Capone's, America's Backyard, among others. America's Backyard features a large outdoor venue, along with an upstairs which contains a large balcony and also a traditional indoor area. It is the second most popular club in Riverfront. The most exclusive club is Voodoo Lounge, which is more upscale than the other bars, and strives to be a traditional nightclub.

</doc>
<doc id="20352314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352314" title="Graham Maguire">
Graham Maguire

Graham Ross Maguire (born 21 April 1945) is a former Australian politician. Born in Adelaide, South Australia, he was educated at the University of Adelaide and then the Australian National University in Canberra, becoming an economist. He was a ministerial advisor to South Australian Labor Premiers Don Dunstan, Des Corcoran and John Bannon. In 1983, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia. He held the seat until his defeat in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20352329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352329" title="List of cover versions of Misfits songs">
List of cover versions of Misfits songs

The Misfits are an American rock band often recognized as the progenitors of the horror punk subgenre, blending punk rock and other musical influences with horror film themes and imagery. Since the band's formation in 1977 numerous cover versions of their songs have been recorded and released by artists who cite the Misfits as an influence.
After the band's initial breakup in 1983 singer Glenn Danzig formed Samhain, re-recording several songs he had written and performed with the Misfits. These included "Horror Business", re-recorded as "Horror Biz" for "Initium" (1984), "All Hell Breaks Loose", re-recorded as "All Hell" for "Unholy Passion" (1985), and "Halloween II" which was re-recorded for "November-Coming-Fire" (1986). Live recordings of all three songs, as well as of "Death Comes Ripping" and "London Dungeon", were released on "Live '85–'86" in 2001.
Five compilation tribute albums to the Misfits have been released over the years, made up of various artists covering Misfits songs. "Louisville Babylon" (1994) featured bands from Louisville, Kentucky and was released by the Analog Distillery label. In 2007 a sequel was released, "Louisville Babylon 2". In 1997 Caroline Records released ', featuring primarily punk rock bands. ' was released in 2000 by Cleopatra Records and featured industrial rock, death metal, and garage punk acts. In 2008 Acoustic Fury released "Acoustic A.D.: An Acoustic Tribute to The Misfits".
In 2005 The Nutley Brass released "Fiend Club Lounge", an album of Misfits songs performed in an instrumental lounge and space age pop style. Another band to record albums of instrumental Misfits covers are The Crimson Ghosts, who released surf rock-style covers on "Some Kinda Hits" (2005) and "Earth E.P." (2008).
In 2007 former Misfits guitarist Bobby Steele recorded covers of all of the songs from the unreleased Misfits album "12 Hits from Hell" with his band The Undead and posted them as streaming audio through the band's website on Halloween.
Nearly all of the Misfits covers that have been officially released have been versions of songs written by Glenn Danzig and recorded during his tenure with the band from 1977-1983. Balzac are one of two bands to have released cover versions of songs from the later eras of the band's career, as they signed to Misfits bassist/singer Jerry Only's Misfits Records label in 2002. They covered "The Haunting" and "Don't Open 'Til Doomsday", both songs by the 1990s incarnation of the Misfits which included singer Michale Graves. These were released on a split single with the Misfits (who by then consisted of Jerry Only, Dez Cadena, and Marky Ramone) on which the Misfits covered Balzac's "The Day the Earth Caught Fire". The single was released under the title "Day the Earth Caught Fire" in North America and as "Don't Open 'Til Doomsday" in Japan. The Computers covered seven Misfits songs for a Halloween/Black Friday release, including a cover of Scream, a post-Danzig era Misfits song.

</doc>
<doc id="20352339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352339" title="The Economic Club of New York">
The Economic Club of New York

The Economic Club of New York is a non-profit and non-partisan membership organization located in New York City and founded in 1907. Its stated purpose is the promotion of the study and discussion of social, economic, and political questions.
Its approximately 700 members are from executive levels of business, industry and finance. The Club serves as a forum for discussion on a wide range of public issues of interest to business people.

</doc>
<doc id="20352347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352347" title="Rochester Tigers">
Rochester Tigers

The Rochester Tigers were a professional American football team that competed in the second American Football League in 1936 and 1937. Owned by Mike Palm (who doubled as coach) and Harry Newman, the Tigers were originally awarded to Rochester as a charter member of the AFL, but were shifted to Brooklyn two weeks afterward despite the lack of availability of a home stadium in its new home town.
1936 season.
The Brooklyn Tigers delayed their start of the 1936 season as the team started as essentially a traveling team, with the Tigers playing their first game on October 11 (in Week Four of the league schedule); while Ebbets Field was designated the Tigers' home stadium, the only AFL game scheduled to be played there was moved to Yankee Stadium to accommodate a large anticipated crowd for the Tigers' November 1 game against the New York Yankees. 
As the two teams played to a 3-3 tie, another AFL team (the former Syracuse Braves) played its only game as the Rochester Braves at Red Wings Stadium before going out of business. Two weeks later, the Tigers moved back to Rochester and renamed themselves the Rochester Tigers. Playing in Silver Stadium, the Tigers lost the last two games of the season, wrapping up a season of futility with no wins, six losses, and one tie (ironically, one-half game behind the defunct Syracuse/Rochester Braves). Yet the team managed to survive the turbulent season to continue into 1937 with plans on staying full-time in Rochester.
1937 season.
The 1937 AFL season presented several changes, most notably a reconfiguration as the Cleveland Rams departed for the National Football League while the Cincinnati Bengals and the Los Angeles Bulldogs joined the league. While the Rochester Braves were a distant memory, the Rochester Tigers kept their owners and coach from the 1936 season, but like fellow AFL members Pittsburgh Americans, the Tigers were not in good financial shape.
As Los Angeles marched through its AFL schedule on its way to the first undefeated-untied season in major professional American football history, the other five AFL members were financially devastated. Pittsburgh, averaging only about 2000 fans in attendance, folded after only three games in 1937; Rochester, with only slightly better numbers despite a second-place 3-3-1 record, barely hung on until the end of the season. After the last game of the season, the AFL folded; only the Bulldogs and the Bengals, the two newest AFL members, continued into 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="20352354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352354" title="Fangcun, Guangzhou">
Fangcun, Guangzhou

Fangcun (), formerly known as Fati, from its Cantonese pronunciation, is a former area of Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China. It lay to the southwest of Guangzhou's central business district and south of the Pearl River. It was well known for its flower cultivation as early as the 9th century. Fangcun became an independent district of Guangzhou known as the Fangcun District, then merged with the Liwan District in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20352357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352357" title="Fangcun District">
Fangcun District

Fangcun District () was a former district in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. It lay to the southwest of Guangzhou's modern downtown area and south of the Pearl River. It was established in 1949 after the Chinese Communist Party took over Guangzhou from the Kuomintang. In 2005, it merged with the Liwan District.

</doc>
<doc id="20352404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352404" title="Robert Bell (Australian politician)">
Robert Bell (Australian politician)

Robert John Bell (22 July 1950 – 5 September 2001) was an Australian politician. 
Born in Hobart, he was educated at the University of Tasmania and the University of New England before becoming a teacher and youth employment co-ordinator. He was later an electorate assistant and served on Hobart City Council. In 1990, he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a Democrat Senator for Tasmania, filling the casual vacancy caused by the resignation of Norm Sanders. He held the seat until his defeat in 1996. 
Bell died in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20352408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352408" title="Jérémy Amelin">
Jérémy Amelin

Jérémy Amelin (born July 1, 1986) is a French electro recording artist and entertainer. Born in Montargis, France and raised in Montcresson, France. Amelin was the finalist of French music TV show "Star Academy 5" - French version of American Idol broadcast on French TV channel TF1.
Biography.
Jérémy Amelin was born on July 1, 1986 and was a finalist of French music TV show "Star Academy 5" - French version of American Idol broadcast on French TV channel TF1. He performed live during 16 primetime shows on TF1 watched by over 8,700,000 viewers each week and over 11,400,000 viewers on its season finale. Amelin has released six singles including his debut single "A Contre Sens" - ranked #13 on the French billboard charts. He also did a nationwide tour of 115 concerts in France's biggest arenas such as the Olympia, the Congress Palace, Zeniths, and the Dix-Heures Theater. Amelin also performed twice on the Champs-Élysées at the Queen Club (Paris, France) on March 9, 2008 and June 24, 2009.
Amelin also created his own clothing line called "Elektrode by Jérémy Amelin", photographed by Fred Goudon - French photographer and author of the "Dieux du Stade 2006" rugbymen calendar, while the behind the scenes were filmed and broadcast on Fashion TV.
In late 2009, X-Cite Records announced that Amelin was back in the studio recording his debut album "Blaster", and confirmed that the album would feature an electropop song about Britney Spears, titled "Spears Me". Amelin revealed the storyline of the song, stating :
"This track is super hot and made of sexy whispered vocals. Basically, "Spears Me" is about her giving me her infamous sexy moves while both making love on stage, just like a one-night stand but that would be a one-night stage (laughs) [...] She's the sexiest woman alive, so I just wanted to express how men feel about her. She’s a worldwide fantasy you know”.
A 30-second snippet of his single "Oh, Oh ! ("feat. Angelika")" premiered on December 7, 2009. The single was released worldwide on January 25, 2010.
In August 2010, Amelin revealed that he recorded three potential singles for a 2011-release : "Imma Bitch", "Undone" and "Werk It". He later confirmed "Imma Bitch" as a promotional single, which premiered during a live concert in Manama, Bahrain on November 17, 2010. The single premiered online on December 17, 2010.
X-Cite Records announced on April 20, 2011 that Amelin teamed up with 90210 TV star Jessica Lowndes to release a featuring version of his single "Undone", which premiered online on April 29, 2011 and was released worldwide on May 23, 2011.
On May 13, 2011, Amelin confirmed the release date of his debut album "Blaster" — produced by James Rendon and Kayden Boche — during a TV interview given to "Public Magazine".
"Blaster" was originally scheduled to be released on October 24, 2011, but X-Cite Records cancelled the album release.
During a video interview for French TV channel M6, Amelin confirmed the upcoming release of a new single titled "Surrender", which leaked online on September 3, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20352419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352419" title="Bajo la misma piel">
Bajo la misma piel

Bajo la misma piel, known internationally as "Under your Skin", is a Mexican television series produced by Televisa starting in 2003. It is an original telenovela from Martha Carrillo and Cristina García. Despite huge exposure prior to its premiere, "Bajo la misma piel" was only a moderate success in its country of origin, Mexico.
Synopsis.
Sara's marriage to Bruno Murillo makes her life hell on earth. Bruno, a harsh fifty year-old man who cheats on Sara and firmly believes that money can buy everything, even love. Sara represses her frustration and sacrifices her happiness in order to give her children, Miranda, Andres, and Paula, a stable home. To make matters worse for Sara, Bruno will not let her divorce him. Just when Sara has resigned herself to living without love, Joaquin, the love of her life, returns.
Although Sara's daughter Miranda is a vivacious and intelligent young woman, she has fallen in love with a man similar to Bruno. Her fiancé, Patricio, is an ambitious and hypocritical man who cheats on her with her sister Paula. While Bruno supports Miranda’s engagement because Patricio is his best friend's son, Sara fears for their daughter’s future. When she meets Alejandro, Miranda questions her feelings for Patricio because Alejandro and she share a strong attraction. Although there are countless obstacles between them, they are determined to fight for their happiness.
Regina, Sara's sister who lives with her, was once a virtuous young lady who believed in love, but her fiancé abandoned her a few days before their wedding. Nowadays Regina wants to follow just one rule: single men only. However, Regina falls in love with Eugenio, her friend's husband, and finds that she cannot control her passion. Sara's and Regina’s mother, Esther, is the only woman in the family who has experienced true love with her husband. Although she has lost her battle against cancer, Esther does not fall into depression. With vigor and optimism she continues to support her children and granddaughter, hoping to give them the strength to find and fight for true love.

</doc>
<doc id="20352446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352446" title="John (Bam) Ransom">
John (Bam) Ransom

John (Bam) Ransom is a political writer and finance editor for Townhall.com. Additionally he hosts Ransom Notes Radio, a nationally-syndicated radio show on politics and finance that runs daily in about 30 markets. Ransom Notes is syndicated by the Wall Street Business Network, a division of Salem Communications.
Ransom lives in Castle Rock, Colorado.
He writes a daily column for Townhall.com plus occasional blogs entries along with a monthly feature for Townhall Magazine.
Previously he published a syndicated column called “Personal Fool” published by The Sports Network (wire service), one of the largest sports wire services in North America. The column in more than two dozen major news publications.
His columns range from serious to mildly offbeat to outright zany. Ransom has said he was influenced by legendary Chicago columnist Mike Royko who wrote about sports and politics in Chicago for several decades. Ransom’s other influences are the written works of Steve Martin, Dave Barry, Mark Twain, "Chicago Tribune" columnist Steve Rosenbloom and "Mad Magazine".
Ransom has appeared in various publications including TheStreet.com, the Observer Media Group, NewsMax, "Registered Rep" Magazine, the "Los Angeles Business Journal", The "Naval Intelligence Professionals," "Growing Wealth Magazine" and the American Conservative Union's Battle Line.
Ransom's sports writing has appeared in "LA Business Journal" covering the NFL; the "Pittsburgh Tribune-Review" covering the NFL Draft; USAHockey.com covering Olympic Hockey; BassFan covering fishing; and the Cicero-Berwyn Gazette, covering the Chicago Bears as a beat reporter in 2006.
Ransom served as Chairman of the Douglas County (CO) Republican Party, as a field director for Northern Utah for Yes on 1, as a field director for Code Red, a project for of Americans for Limited Government, and as communications director and campaign co-chair for Tom Wiens for United States Senate, Inc. He also served on the board of directors for the Majority Project 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20352465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352465" title="Coleridge Power Station">
Coleridge Power Station

The Coleridge Power Station is a hydroelectric facility at Lake Coleridge on the Rakaia River in Canterbury, New Zealand. The power station is owned and operated by TrustPower. As of 2012, the station generates 39 MW of electricity, and annual generation averages 270 GWh, following redesign of the station's turbines using Computational Fluid Dynamic modelling.
Coleridge was the first major power station in which the state was involved. It was constructed mainly to supply electricity to Christchurch, with construction beginning in 1911 and completed with three generating units in 1914. Following its initial construction, the twin 66 KV transmission lines connecting the power station with Christchurch's Addington substation were the longest (100+ km) and highest voltage in New Zealand.
More generators were added as electricity demand grew and the transmission system extended to reach Rangiora in the north and Oamaru in the south. By the early 1930s, Coleridge had reached capacity, and was supplemented in 1934 by the commissioning of the Waitaki Dam and in 1935 by extending transmission lines south to join Coleridge/Waitaki to Dunedin's Waipori scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="20352474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352474" title="Radio Dhamaal">
Radio Dhamaal

Radio Dhamaal is an Indian radio channel of BAG Group. 

</doc>
<doc id="20352512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352512" title="Cyril Cameron">
Cyril Cameron

Cyril St Clair Cameron (5 December 1857 – 22 December 1941) was an Australian soldier and politician.
Born in Launceston, Tasmania, he was educated at Launceston Grammar School and then attended Edinburgh University, becoming a pastoralist and professional soldier. He served in Afghanistan 1878-1880 and South Africa during the Boer War 1899-1900, rising to position of Colonel in the AIF. He was later aide-de-camp to the Governor-General and warden of Evandale.
In 1901, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Protectionist Senator for Tasmania. (His brother, Norman Cameron, was elected to the House of Representatives at the same election as a Free Trader.) He was defeated in 1903 but was re-elected as an Anti-Socialist in 1906.
He was defeated again (as a Liberal) in 1913, and despite several attempts to re-enter the Senate, including a number as an independent, his political career was over. He became a pastoralist, and served in World War I 1914-1918. Cameron died in 1941.
One of his sons, Lt. Colonel Donald Cameron (1888-1979), was awarded the MC and OBE.

</doc>
<doc id="20352535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352535" title="Gold Spike">
Gold Spike

Gold Spike can refer to:
See also: Golden spike (disambiguation)

</doc>
<doc id="20352547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352547" title="Yamashita Cave Man">
Yamashita Cave Man

The are the prehistoric humans known from many bones found in the Yamashita limestone cave near Naha, in Okinawa, Japan. The remains have been dated at 32,000±1000 years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="20352558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352558" title="James Macfarlane">
James Macfarlane

James Macfarlane (2 September 1844 – 24 November 1914) was a Scottish-born Australian politician. Born in Glasgow, he was educated in London at Bruce Coastal School and worked with a shipping firm. He migrated to Australia in 1870, becoming a merchant and shipping agent. In 1901, he was elected to the Australian Senate for Tasmania as a Free Trader. He held the seat until his defeat in 1910. Macfarlane died in 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="20352567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352567" title="MT-USA">
MT-USA

MT-USA ("Music Television - USA") was an Irish music television programme broadcast between 1984 and 1987. Known for the slogan, "Music Television USA - Music never looked better", it was produced by Green Apple Productions, co-founded by the show's presenter Vincent Hanley. "MT-USA" was broadcast on RTÉ on Sunday afternoons and during the 1984-85 series was repeated on Friday nights. Each edition ran for three hours. Each block of videos was followed by a segment filmed in New York City with Hanley introducing the videos, discussing American music and culture, and interviewing a celebrity. RTÉ described him as Europe's first VJ (video jockey). The videos were primarily American acts, many previously little-known in Ireland., but the show also featured English pop chart acts, as well as up and coming Irish acts such as U2. A double-CD and DVD compilation featuring acts from the show’s heyday went on release on 16 November 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20352596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352596" title="Lieutenant-Governor of New South Wales">
Lieutenant-Governor of New South Wales

The Lieutenant-Governor of New South Wales is a government position in the state of New South Wales, Australia, acting as a deputy to the Governor of New South Wales.
The office was first created in October 1786, before the arrival of the First Fleet, to act as a deputy to the first governor, Arthur Phillip. At that time the office was filled by military officers. 
From 1872 onwards this office was permanently filled by the Chief Justice of New South Wales but the position may be retained by the Chief Justice after his/her retirement from the Supreme Court of New South Wales . 
Role.
Originally, the Lieutenant-Governor had a legislative role with a seat on the first Legislative Council of New South Wales in 1824, this was later phased out due to the lessening of the powers of the state governor. The role of the governors are enshrined in part 2A of the New South Wales Constitution Act (1902).
The current role of the Lieutenant-Governor is to take up the duties of the Governor if the Governor dies, resigns, or is absent. This occurred most recently in September 2008, when, in the absence of Governor Marie Bashir, the Lieutenant-Governor, James Spigelman, administered the swearing in of the new cabinet of the Nathan Rees government.
If the Lieutenant-Governor becomes incapacitated while serving in the office of Governor, the next most senior judge of the Supreme Court is sworn in as the Administrator. This occurred in May 1973 when Sir Leslie Herron died suddenly while the Governor, Sir Roden Cutler was overseas. Sir John Kerr became the Administrator until Cutler was able to return.
The Lieutenant-Governors/Administrators have no standing powers but stand ready to act in the Governor's position. Three generations of the Street family have served New South Wales as Lieutenant-Governor.

</doc>
<doc id="20352602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352602" title="Alaska Goldpanners of Fairbanks">
Alaska Goldpanners of Fairbanks

The Alaska Goldpanners of Fairbanks are a collegiate summer baseball team which was founded in 1960 as an independent barnstorming team. The Pan-Alaska Goldpanners were charter members of the Alaska Baseball League at the league's inception in 1974. The Goldpanners play their home games at Growden Memorial Park in Fairbanks, Alaska. They also host the annual Midnight Sun Game at their home venue.
Like other amateur collegiate summer baseball teams, the Goldpanners operate in a similar manner to professional minor league teams: playing a nightly schedule, using wooden bats, and bus travel between games. To maintain their amateur status and NCAA eligibility, they are not paid and live with host families.
History.
The team's first achievement came as runners-up in the 1962 NBC National Championship. The team changed its name to the "Alaska Goldpanners of Fairbanks" in 1963. The media most often refers to the team as the "Fairbanks Goldpanners," but are also known as the "Alaska Goldpanners."
In 2008, former Goldpanner Bill "Spaceman" Lee returned to Fairbanks as an alumnus of the Midnight Sun Game. During his time with the club, which included a win for Lee in the Midnight Sun Game, Bill declared that the Goldpanners were "the number one amateur baseball organization in history."
Midnight Sun game.
First held in 1906, the annual Midnight Sun Game is held yearly in Fairbanks, Alaska and hosted by the Goldpanners. The game, which begins at 10:30 PM on the night of the summer solstice, has gained the attention of international media.
Baseball America declared the game one of the "10 Must-See Baseball Events." In 2005, ESPN spotlighted the game during "50 States in 50 Days." ESPN The Magazine called the event the "#8 Ultimate Baseball Experience." The Sporting News declared that on the 21st of June, "Fairbanks is the Baseball Capitol of America". In 2012, Yankees Magazine declared the game "Baseball's Most Natural Promotion".
Quotes.
"I've been lucky enough to attend many World Series, All-Star Games and Opening Days but the Midnight Sun Game is in a league of its own." –Greg Harris, National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum.
"Everybody should have an opportunity to come to Alaska and see the Midnight Sun Game" –Bobby Doerr, Boston Red Sox alumnus and Major League Baseball Hall of Famer

</doc>
<doc id="20352604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352604" title="Stein Ringen">
Stein Ringen

Stein Ringen (born July 5, 1945) is a Norwegian sociologist and political scientist. He is Professor of Sociology and Social Policy at the Department of Social Policy and Intervention, University of Oxford, and a Fellow of Green Templeton College, Oxford (formerly Green College, Oxford). Ringen holds a magister degree in political science (a 7-year degree including 3 years of research) from the University of Oslo (1972) and a dr. philos. degree from the University of Oslo (1987).
He has been a Visiting Professor at Université de Paris I - Panthéon Sorbonne (1995, 1996), École Normale Supérieure de Cachan (1996-1997), Masaryk University (2003), Charles University (2003), University of the West Indies (2004, 2006) and Wissenschaftszentrum Berlin für Sozialforschung (2006).
He has written several books in Norwegian and English. He is also a regular contributor to Norwegian public debate.

</doc>
<doc id="20352648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352648" title="Michael Ward (economist)">
Michael Ward (economist)

Michael Ward (1939–2008) was a British economist and statistician who contributed significantly to the evolution of the international statistical system in the post-war period.
Education and career.
Ward took an honours degree in statistics and economics at the University of Exeter in 1958 and was later awarded his Master of Arts at the University of Cambridge. In 1965 he was elected fellow of Selwyn College, Cambridge and worked as Director of Economic Studies. He served as dean of the college from 1970 to 1972. In 1975 he was appointed Director of the Statistical Program at the Institute of Development Studies at the University of Sussex.
At both at Cambridge and Sussex he worked with some of the foremost development economists of the time, including Richard Jolly, Graham Pyatt, Dudley Seers, and Richard Stone—people who, as Ward observed in his book "Quantifying the World", "abhorred any suggestion that facts be fit to theory and spent their lives building theory around observed facts and creating frameworks that more usefully depicted how the real world worked."
Ward worked in many developing countries and gained wide experience of statistics and their use in framing policies for economic and social development. He started work in 1961 in Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia (now Harare, Zimbabwe) in what was then the Statistical Office of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland. A few years later he worked in the statistical office of Lesotho and from there moved to Fiji, where he was Head of the Government Statistical Service. From 1972 he worked for UNESCO as a regional statistical advisor in southern Africa, an assignment that took him to Lesotho, Botswana, Malawi, Swaziland, South Africa, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. From 1999 to 2000 he worked in Phnom Penh as Director of Rehabilitation and Economic Advisor in the UN peacekeeping mission to Cambodia.
During his career, Ward worked with other international agencies including the Food and Agriculture Organization, International Monetary Fund, Asian Development Bank, World Bank, and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
His links with the OECD began in the early 1970s. He participated in workshops on statistics in developing countries at the OECD Development Centre. In 1975, between the UNESCO assignments and the post at Sussex University, he worked for a few months as consultant for OECD on the measurement of capital. In 1982, Ward joined the OECD full-time and made the first OECD-Eurostat purchasing power parity calculations for 1980.
In 1985, Ward worked as Principal Economist at the World Bank. In 1995 Ward was appointed head of the Bank's Statistical Advisory Services and in this capacity he worked the OECD's Development Aid Committee in drawing up a set of international development targets which later became the Millennium Development Goals, addressing a range of economic, social, demographic and environmental concerns. Ward retired in 2000.
After retirement, Ward's expertise and advice continued to be sought by international agencies as well as by national statistical offices including those of China and India. The 2004 publication "Quantifying the World", part of the UN's Intellectual History Project, was one of his major achievements in this period. It reviewed the achievements and failures of the United Nation statistical services over the previous 60 years.
Honours.
Michael is a Fellow of the Royal Statistical Society and an active member of the International Statistical Institute and the International Association for Research in Income and Wealth. In 1999 he was awarded the Henry Willem Methorst Medal of the International Statistical Institute for "outstanding contributions to international statistics." In 2000, he was elected Chair of the International Association for Research in Income and Wealth and he served for several years on the Statistical Advisory Panel for the United Nations Development Programme Human Development Report.
Publications.
Ward was a prolific writer and more than fifty of his articles and reviews were published in The Review of Income and Wealth, Economics, Economic Journal, The Banker, The Bankers Magazine, Economic Record, the Economist, International herald Tribune, Journal of Modern African studies, Journal of Development Studies, International Development, Journal of Business Economists, American Scientist and the IDS Bulletin.
His contributions to edited volumes included the Encyclopædia Britannica (on economic forecasting and international comparisons); Indicator Systems for Political, Economic and Social Analysis (Taylor); Development in small countries (Selwyn); Development Planning in Developing Countries (OECD); Surveys and Social Statistics (Bulmer); International Comparisons (Heston and Summers); Problems and Issues in International Comparisons(Salazar-Camillo and Rao); National Accounts in Developing Countries (OECD); 1999 ISI Conference (Helsinki) Collected Papers; 2001 ISI Conference (Seoul) Collected Papers; Statistics and Human Rights (IAOS Montreux, 2000) Selected Papers.
His main publications were: 

</doc>
<doc id="20352655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352655" title="Development of Windows 7">
Development of Windows 7

Development of Windows 7 began when Windows Vista was released. Milestone 1, Milestone 2, and Milestone 3 were sent to Microsoft's partners in 2008. In October 2008, Microsoft gave build 6801 to PDC attendees and a public beta was released in January 2009.
The release candidate was available from April 30, 2009 for MSDN and Technet subscribers, and was released to the public on May 5, 2009. The final build of Windows 7 was released to manufacturing on July 22, 2009; Technet and MSDN subscribers were able to download it on August 6. On October 22, the operating system was made generally available for public purchase.
History.
In 2000, Microsoft was planning to follow up Windows XP, and its server counterpart, Windows Server 2003 (both codenamed "Whistler"), with a major new release of Windows, codenamed "Blackcomb" (both codenames refer to the Whistler-Blackcomb resort). This new version was, at that time, scheduled for a 2005 release.
Major features were planned for Blackcomb, including an emphasis on searching and querying data, and an advanced storage system named WinFS to enable such scenarios. In this context, a feature mentioned by Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates for Blackcomb was "a pervasive typing line that will recognize the sentence that user is typing in."
Later, Blackcomb was delayed, and an interim, minor release, codenamed "Longhorn" (named for the Longhorn Tavern between the resorts), was announced for a 2003 release. By the middle of 2003, however, Longhorn had acquired some of the features originally intended for Blackcomb, including WinFS, the Desktop Window Manager, and new versions of system components built on the .NET Framework. After the 2003 "Summer of Worms", where three major viruses − Blaster, Sobig, and Welchia − exploited flaws in Windows operating systems within a short time period, Microsoft changed its development priorities, putting some of Longhorn's major development work on hold in order to develop new service packs for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003. Development of Longhorn was also "reset" in September 2004.
Naming.
As major feature work on Windows Vista wound down in early 2006, Blackcomb was renamed "Vienna". However, following the release of Windows Vista, it was confirmed by Microsoft on July 20, 2007 that "the internal name for the next version of the Windows Client OS" was "Windows 7", a name that had been reported by some sources months before. On October 13, 2008, it was announced that "Windows 7" would also be the official name of the operating system. Mike Nash, Microsoft's vice-president of Windows product management said:
Numbering this version of Windows as "7" has confused many users, so on October 14, 2008, Nash clarified his earlier remarks, saying:
Focus.
Microsoft's Ben Fathi stated on 9 February 2007 that the focus of the operating system was still being worked out, and he could only hint at some possibilities:
Bill Gates, in an interview with Newsweek, suggested that the next version of Windows would "be more user-centric." When asked to clarify what he meant, Gates said: 
Gates later said that Windows 7 will also focus on performance improvements:
Senior Vice President Bill Veghte stated that Windows 7 will not have the kind of compatibility issues with Vista that Vista has with previous versions:
Speaking about Windows 7 on 16 October 2008, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer confirmed compatibility between Vista and Windows 7:
Ballmer also confirmed the relationship between Vista and Windows 7, indicating that Windows 7 would be an improved version of Windows Vista.
Builds.
Milestones.
Milestone 1.
Windows 7 Milestone 1 Build 6519 was still very similar to Windows Vista, with only a few changes. For example, Windows Sidebar has been replaced with standalone gadgets. The first known build of Windows 7 was identified as a "Milestone 1 (M1) code drop" according to TG Daily with a version number of 6.1.6519.1. It was sent to key Microsoft partners by January 2008 in both x86 and x86-64 versions. Build 6519 was the first build to have textures of a different taskbar, although nobody knew until recently how to enable the new taskbar. Though not yet commented on by Microsoft, reviews and screenshots have been published by various sources. The M1 code drop installation comes as either a standalone install or one which requires Windows Vista with Service Pack 1, and creates a dual-boot system. It had the ability to visually pin and unpin items from the Start Menu.
On 20 April 2008, screenshots and videos of a second build of M1 were leaked with a version number of 6.1.6574.1. This build included changes to Windows Explorer as well as a new Windows Health Center.
Milestone 2.
According to the TG Daily article of 16 January 2008, the Milestone 2 (M2) build was at that time scheduled for April or May 2008. A Milestone 2 build was demonstrated at the D6 conference with a build number of 6.1.6589.1.winmain_win7m2.080420-1634. The build had a different taskbar than found in Windows Vista, with, among other features, sections divided into different colors. The host declined to comment on it, stating "I'm not supposed to talk about it now today". The taskbar in Milestone 2 showed the total number of combined windows like Windows XP and Windows Vista, a feature which was removed in the final version of Windows 7.
Milestone 3.
According to Paul Thurrott, Milestone 3 (build 6780) was shipped to Microsoft employees and close partners in the week of 7 September 2008. Described as visually and functionally similar to Windows Vista by Mary Jo Foley of ZDNet and Stephen Chapman of UX Evangelist, some bundled applications in Milestone 3 now use a ribbon interface similar to that of Office 2007.
Many applications that had been integrated into previous versions of Windows have been removed, including Calendar, Contacts, Mail, Meeting Space, Movie Maker, and Photo Gallery and are available as downloads in the Windows Live Wave 3 beta release. WinFuture.de later leaked 192 images of Windows 7 build 6780. Windows 7 build 6780 Enterprise Edition has since been leaked to the public.
Pre-Beta.
On 8 October 2008, screenshots of Windows 7 build 6801 were leaked. On 28 October 2008, Microsoft distributed Pre-Beta build 6801 (also known as the PDC build) x86 and x64 to attendees at its Professional Developers Conference (PDC). It has since been leaked to BitTorrent networks. It features an enhanced taskbar similar to the one in build 6933 although it is disabled by default. An unofficial patch has been released to enable the new taskbar and other hidden features in build 6801. The glass window borders in Windows 7 build 6801 have a different blending style, making the colors behind them more saturated. This was removed in build 7000. Also, other features that were present in build 6801 have been removed in later builds like Accelerators, RSS-feed wallpapers and Pen and Touch panning.
Microsoft also demonstrated build 6933.winmain.081020-1842 during the PDC, but did not give it to attendees. On 14 November 2008, screenshots of Windows 7 build 6936 were leaked by Winfuture. On 20 November 2008, Microsoft posted screenshots of build 6948 on the Engineering Windows 7 blog. In early December, WinFuture.de leaked screenshots of build 6956, which demonstrated a new bootscreen (since build 6954) and several improvements. At WinHEC in China, screenshots of build 6951 were leaked and an attendee leaked Windows 7 build 6956 x86. Paul Thurrott has posted several screenshots on his website of another build from the 69xx range. On December 10, 2008, Windows 7 build 6936 x64 leaked to the Internet.
Beta.
On December 23, 2008, screenshots of the Windows 7 beta (build 7000) were leaked. On December 27, the x86 version of Windows 7 Beta build 7000 leaked and quickly spread to torrent sites, and many FTPs. On 5 January 2009, the 64-bit version of the Windows 7 Beta (build 7000) was leaked onto the web.
The Windows 7 Beta was released on January 7, 2009 to TechNet and MSDN subscribers. On January 10, after a short delay due to overwhelming demand, both 32 and 64-bit versions of the Beta were made available to the public until the 10th of February. The build number is 7000.winmain_win7beta.081212-1400. Existing installations of the beta continued to operate until August 1, 2009 with bi-hourly shutdowns beginning July 1.
Release Candidate.
The Windows Team Blog announced on April 24, 2009 that the Release Candidate would be available to MSDN and TechNet subscribers on April 30 and to the public on May 5. The release candidate was also reportedly given to OEM partners and TAP gold testers. 
The Release Candidate, build 7100.0.winmain_win7rc.090421-1700 was leaked to popular file sharing networks in both x86 and x64 editions on April 24, 2009. 
On Thursday, August 20, 2009, the Windows 7 Release Candidate download was removed from Microsoft's website. Product keys for the Release Candidate were available until October 21, 2009.
On March 1, 2010, computers running Windows 7 Release Candidate started shutting down bi-hourly, and on June 1 the release candidate expired. 
On May 26, an update with 31 languages was available to download through Windows Update.
Pre-release to manufacturing.
Build 7600.16384.
Build 7600.16384.win7_rtm.090710-1945, built on July 10, 2009, leaked on July 12, 2009 in both x86 and x64 versions; a Chinese individual uploaded an OEM copy of Windows 7 Ultimate build 7600, reportedly given to Lenovo. The disc image contained the crucial boot.wim file given to PC manufacturers to pre-activate PCs at the factory. The file contains both the OEM activation certificate and the product key.
In a recent blog post, however, Genuine Windows director Alex Kochis stated that the product key is indeed valid but will only activate PCs from the original manufacturer it has been given to. Kochis went on to say that anti-piracy technologies built into the operating system would detect copies activated with the leaked OEM certificate and product key as non-genuine and would notify the customer that they are running a possibly counterfeit copy of Windows.
It has already been proven however, that the product key and certificate are able to activate Windows 7 build 7600 on many different PC brands. It is not clear however, if copies of Windows installed this way will pass Microsoft's Genuine Advantage check if the product key is blacklisted. If so, OEMs will be forced to recollect PCs manufactured, installed and activated with the key and install different keys.
Release to manufacturing.
Microsoft officially announced Windows 7's release to manufacturing (RTM) release on July 22, 2009. On July 24, Microsoft released Windows 7 to OEMs (original equipment manufacturers and system builders) online, followed by MSDN and TechNet Subscribers via download and Microsoft Connect on August 6, 2009. Since the next day, August 7, 2009, companies which bought Software Assurance have been able to download Windows 7 RTM.
Since August 16, 2009, Windows 7 is available to Microsoft Certified and Gold Certified Partners, followed by Microsoft Action Pack subscribers on August 23. Microsoft has also announced that companies which have a contract with Software Assurance may acquire Windows 7 when it became available for volume licensing on September 1, 2009. Windows 7 reached general availability stage on October 22, 2009.
Language Packs for Windows 7 RTM are available via Windows Update since August 25, 2009.
Service Packs.
Service Pack 1 Beta.
Build 7601.16562.100603-1800, built on June 3, 2010, is the Beta release for Service Pack 1.
Build 7601.17077.100813-0322, v.693, built on August 13, 2010, is the Beta refresh release for Service Pack 1 and the new internet browser made by Microsoft is Internet Explorer 9 .
Service Pack 1 Release Candidate.
Build 7601.17105.100929-1730, built on September 29, 2010, is the RC release for Service Pack 1.
Service Pack 1 Pre-RTM.
Build 7601.17125.101210-1930, v.741; compiled on December 10, 2010 was leaked on December 28, 2010.
Service Pack 1 RTM.
On February 9, 2011, Microsoft officially released the final release (RTM) of Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 Service Pack 1 (SP1) to OEM partners. As of February 16th Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1 have been available for MSDN and TechNet Subscribers as well as Volume License customers. As of February 22nd, Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1 has been generally available for download via the Microsoft Download Center and available on Windows Update. It has a version number of "6.1.7601.17514.101119-1850".

</doc>
<doc id="20352660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352660" title="Semper Mars">
Semper Mars

Semper Mars: Book One of the Heritage Trilogy is a military science fiction novel by Ian Douglas. It is the first novel in the Heritage Trilogy.
Plot introduction.
Set in 2040, the United States finds itself among a hostile world with only Britain, Russia, and Japan as reluctant allies. The dominant force in the world today is the United Nations, which has evolved into a world government and is challenging the US as the world’s sole superpower, motivated for the “greater good.” It has invaded Brazil because of Brazil’s lack of care for the rainforest and it wants the US to give up part of the southwest America for a Hispanic nation known as Aztlán. The UN capital is located at Geneva, Switzerland.
Plot summary.
The United States and Russia have set up habitats on Mars, and are researching ruins of an alien civilization near the Face on Mars. The facilities and research are being shared with UN observers. When the UN sends troops up to Mars, the US sends the Marine Mars Expeditionary Force, a 30-man weapons platoon, to protect American civilians and interests on Mars. The United States Marine Corps has been threatened with being disbanded and it hopes that this mission will breathe some life into the organization.
Back on Earth, tensions increase between the UN and the US when the US Embassy in Mexico City is stormed by militants backed by the Mexican government and the Marines stationed there are forced to open fire. The US is able to evacuate the personnel there, but not before the diplomatic damage was done.
It is the events on Mars, however, which cause war to begin between the United States and the UN. American scientists discover human remains inside one of the alien structures. From evidence discovered at the site it appears that these aliens not only were in contact with humans in the past, but may have even been responsible for the creation of the human race itself. The Americans want to release the information at once but the UN forces think differently, afraid that the world could not handle information of this magnitude. The UN forces take over the Mars station, imprisoning the Marines and the scientists, while contacting their superiors about what was found. At the same time UN forces capture the International Space Station, to control any and all launches to Mars, while the UN leadership increases diplomatic pressure on the American government.
This act kicks off hostilities on Earth. The official reason, according to the UN, is to support the independence of the Aztlan nation, among other reasons, but secretly the UN wants to stop the US from monopolizing alien technology and releasing the controversial findings. The United States finds itself under bombardment from cruise missiles launched from Cuba as well as French, German and Manchurian arsenal ships. Simultaneously forces from Mexico and Quebec cross the border to invade. At the same time Russia, one of America's few remaining allies, is attacked all along its southern border by Manchuria. Morale is low and the President is considering surrendering to the UN.
Meanwhile US Marines recapture the ISS with the help of Shepard Station, an experimental laser armed space station. The UN orders the reluctant Japanese to attack Shepard Station. Though they succeed in disabling it, the Japanese lose all of their fighters and decide to join the Americans and their allies against the UN.
Back on Mars, the Marines are able to escape their imprisonment, but are forced to march across hundreds of miles of Martian desert to reach the UN base. The Marines defeat the UN force at Mars Prime with a surprise attack. They go on to capture Cydonia and defeat the remaining UN troops using smuggled cans of beer as an improvised weapon. The march across Mars soon becomes a famous piece of Marine Corps history. On Earth the fighting is beginning to turn to the United States’ favor.
Literary significance and reception.
The CNN review called the novel "well researched, and quite imaginative" with "compelling battle sequences" and also at times even evoking "sentimental pride for the USMC." On SFRevu, Ernest Lilley said the novel was similar to a Tom Clancy techno-thriller with its well constructed and plausible world political situation. Though praising Douglas for his depiction of extraterrestrial combat he found it disappointing that the alien artifacts had such a low profile.

</doc>
<doc id="20352669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352669" title="George W. Church, Sr.">
George W. Church, Sr.

George W. Church, Sr. (February 10, 1903 – May 17, 1956) was the founder of Church's Chicken. He founded the business on April 17, 1952 and willed the business to his son, George W. Church, Jr., upon his death in 1956. Prior to his retirement, he was an incubator salesman.
Life.
Born in San Antonio, Texas, Church started a restaurant chain on April 17, 1952, across the road from The Alamo. He married and had one son, George W. Church, Jr.. 
He moved to Portsmouth, Virginia, where he would live for the rest of his life.
Death.
George W. Church, Sr. died on May 17, 1956, from an unknown cause. His legacy lives on, his son continued the business in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="20352679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352679" title="NFL Fever 2002">
NFL Fever 2002

NFL Fever 2002 is an American Football video game published and developed by Microsoft Game Studios. It was originally released on November 15, 2001, as a launch title for the Xbox video game console. The game was followed by NFL Fever 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20352682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352682" title="Edward Mulcahy (Australian politician)">
Edward Mulcahy (Australian politician)

Edward Mulcahy (28 March 1850 – 23 October 1927) was an Irish-born Australian politician. Born in County Limerick, he migrated to Australia as a child and was educated in Tasmania. He became an apprentice compositor and established a soft goods business in Hobart. In 1891 he was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly for West Hobart, serving until 1903, including a period from 1899-1903 when he was Minister for Lands and Works and Minister for Mines. In 1904, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Protectionist Senator for Tasmania. Defeated as a Liberal in 1910, he returned to the House of Assembly as the member for Wilmot, serving as Minister for Lands and Works, Minister for Mines and Minister for Railways 1912-1914. In 1919, he left the Assembly and was appointed to the Senate as a Nationalist, filling the vacancy caused by Labor Senator James Long's resignation. He retired in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="20352708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352708" title="2008–09 PBA Philippine Cup Finals">
2008–09 PBA Philippine Cup Finals

The 2008–09 PBA Philippine Cup Finals is the championship best-of-7 series of the 2008-09 PBA Philippine Cup, and the conclusion of the conference's playoffs. The Alaska Aces and the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters will play for the 97th championship contested by the league.
This is the first Philippine Cup Finals where no team from the San Miguel Corporation took part since 2000, and the second time the Aces and the Tropang Texters met in the finals, the first was from the 2007 PBA Fiesta Conference in which the Aces won in seven games.
Rosters.
Music used in the coverage were "We Made It" by Busta Rhymes featuring Linkin Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20352709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352709" title="Frail as Breath">
Frail as Breath

Frail as Breath is an independently released solo EP by Canadian electronic artist Mark Templeton. The album was re-released in connection with net label Robotopera in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20352718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352718" title="KR3W">
KR3W

KR3W is an apparel company based in Fountain Valley, California, United States (US), that specializes in skateboarding-related products. The brand was cofounded by Angel Cabada in 2002.
Background.
Cabada was previously a partner in TSA Clothing, another skateboard apparel company, but left shortly before its demise.
One Distribution.
KR3W is distributed by One Distribution, a company that runs offices in Southern California, US, Biarritz, France, and Sydney, Australia.
Supra.
In 2006, Cabada launched a footwear company named "Supra" and, as of March 2013, the brand is distributed by One Distribution, the parent company of KR3W. Chad Muska has described the founding of the company as an "underground idea", shared between five people, that became a "crazy explosion". Since inception, the company has released signature model shoes from team riders, such as Muska, Tom Penny, Erik Ellington, and Stevie Williams.
Supra released a 260-page coffee table book in December 2012 that documents the history of the company since its establishment in 2006. In an interview for the book's promotion, Ellington stated "It's amazing to see something be so successful that easily could've gone the other way. I feel blessed, honored and I'm humbled. It's something I'm really proud to be a part of." In addition to serving as a catalog of the brand's products, the book also features the brand's team riders and collaborations, including those with artists such as Jay-Z.
On January 31, 2013, a promotional video for Jim Greco's second signature shoe, "The Hammer", was published on the Internet; Greco's first signature model was named "The Suprano". Greco explained, in relation to the "Hammer", "“I wanted to make a super simple looking shoe. There’s a million shoes out there that are simple, but I really wanted that fusion of vulcanized and cup sole because I like the feel of the vulc, but I like the impact absorbing features of the cup sole." and the shoe's design was promoted as "a high performance, lightweight, low top skate shoe. The upper has a short eye stay, a long vamp, and minimal branding."
As of March 15, 2013, Supra owns three stores worldwide—the locations are Paris, France; New York City, New York, US; and Santa Monica, California, US. The stores sell footwear for women, men, and children.
Collaborations.
A collaboration occurred between producer and DJ Steve Aoki and Supra for Muska's "Skytop II" signature model shoe. Two colorways of the model appear on the Internet—one that is completely black and the other, entitled the "Remix", with a material consisting of a checkerboard design that overlays an otherwise tonal blue design and crocodile-like texture base.
Williams released a collaboration with hip hop artist and entrepreneur, Lil Wayne, in December 2012, whereby the latter designed a colorway for Williams' signature shoe model, the "S1W"—the project was promoted as a "synthesis of skateboarding and hip hop".
Return of Boulala.
In September 2010, following his release from an Australian prison for a conviction related to the death of skateboarder Shane Cross, former team member Ali Boulala returned to the sponsored roster.
Style.
KR3W generally specializes in skateboarding apparel and streetwear. They make every fit of pants from loose to skinny. Regular KR3W T-shirts have a small patch with the signature "K" logo on the left sleeve. Vintage shirts have the logo on the bottom while a few shirts have none.

</doc>
<doc id="20352729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352729" title="Stockholm municipal election, 2006">
Stockholm municipal election, 2006

The 2006 Stockholm municipal election was held on 17 September 2006, concurrently with the 2006 Swedish general election. The election determined how many seats each party would be allocated on the 101-member Stockholm city council ("Stockholms kommunfullmäktige") thorough a system of proportional representation. A total of 490,869 votes were cast in this election, for a total voter turnout of 79.1%

</doc>
<doc id="20352730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352730" title="Xiangqiao District">
Xiangqiao District

Xiangqiao District () is a district under the administration of Chaozhou city, in Guangdong province of the People's Republic of China. Its name comes from the ancient Xiangzi Bridge that once lay in its territory. The total area of the district is 155.14 square kilometers, and its population in 2003 was 343,500 people. 78,800 of these people are farmers, while 264,600 are not. The government of Xiangqiao district is located in the Fucheng area of Chaozhou, and the district has a long history and a rich culture.

</doc>
<doc id="20352739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352739" title="New Zealand Energy Limited">
New Zealand Energy Limited

New Zealand Energy is a New Zealand company, operating small hydroelectric power stations in Haast, Fox, Opunake and Raetihi.
NZ Energy proposes to build a 4.6 MW hydroelectric scheme at Lake Matiri near Murchison, Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="20352744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352744" title="Cross-gender acting">
Cross-gender acting

Cross-gender acting refers to an actor or actress portraying a character of the opposite gender. It is distinct from roles where transgendered characters or characters who cross-dress are played.
In the ancient Greek theatre men played females, as they did in English Renaissance theatre and continue to do in Japanese kabuki theatre (see "Onnagata") A Breeches role referres to a male character (usually a youth or young man) traditionally played by a woman in theatre or in opera. The term "travesti" refers to both actresses playing men and actors playing women in the theatre.
In animations it is not unusual for female actors to voice young male characters. One example is Nancy Cartwright voicing Bart Simpson in "The Simpsons". An example of a man voicing a female character is Bob Peterson as Roz in "Monsters, Inc.".
When the casting director of a production decides to employ cross-gender acting, selecting the actors in this way is sometimes also called "cross-gender casting" or simply "cross-casting".
Theatre, operas, plays, ballets and pantomime.
A travesti is a theatrical term referring to the portrayal of a character in an opera, play, or ballet by a performer of the opposite sex. In 1904, Nina Boucicault originated the theatrical tradition of cross-gender casting for Peter Pan, continued thereafter by Maude Adams, Marilyn Miller, Eva Le Gallienne, Sandy Duncan, and Cathy Rigby, among others. In 1954 Mary Martin portrayed the title character in the musical "Peter Pan".
More specifically, an operatic role in which an actress appears in male clothing is called a "breeches role", "pants role" or "trouser role" and roles once performed by a male soprano castrato are more recently sometimes performed by a female mezzo-soprano or contralto.
In pantomime, a principal boy role is the young male protagonist of the play, traditionally played by a young actress in boy's clothes. A pantomime dame is a portrayal of female characters by male actors in drag.

</doc>
<doc id="20352751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352751" title="1953 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1953 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1953 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1953-1954. The Buckeyes compiled a 6–3 record.

</doc>
<doc id="20352753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352753" title="SS Sanct Svithun">
SS Sanct Svithun

SS "Sanct Svithun" was a 1,376 ton steel-hulled steamship built by the German shipyard Danziger Werft and delivered to the Norwegian Stavanger-based shipping company Det Stavangerske Dampskibsselskab on 1 July 1927. She sailed the Hurtigruten route along the coast of Norway until she was lost in an air attack on 30 September 1943 during the Second World War.
Construction.
"Sanct Svithun" was built for the Norwegian shipping company Det Stavangerske Dampskibsselskab by Danziger Werft in the Free City of Danzig in 1927, with yard number 46. She was launched in March, and delivered on 1 July 1927. She displaced 1,376 tons, measured in length, had a beam of and a draught of . Her 1,650 hp 4 cylinder Lentz-type double compound engine could propel the ship at . She was certified to take 100 First Class and 82 Third Class passengers. "Sanct Svithun" was named after Saint Swithun – the patron saint of Stavanger.
Pre-Second World War.
After her delivery from the Free City of Danzig "Sanct Svithun" was employed on the passenger/freight line between Bergen in Western Norway and various ports in Northern Norway. In 1931 she was rebuilt with a refrigerated cargo hold to enable her to transport fresh fish from the fisheries in Northern Norway. During the rebuild she was also fitted with wireless telegraphy. She was a popular ship amongst her passengers, with a large superstructure and a spacious promenade deck with a look-out salon in the bow area. "Sanct Svithun" was also known as a superbly seaworthy vessel.
Second World War.
When Nazi Germany invaded Norway on 9 April 1940 "Sanct Svithun" was at the Klaseskjær shipyard in Stavanger for her annual maintenance work. By the summer of 1940 she was back in regular service along the coast of occupied Norway.
Sinking.
On Thursday 30 September 1943 "Sanct Svithun" was on her way southwards off the Stad peninsula in Western Norway, from Ålesund to Måløy. As was the case with all Norwegian ships operating in German-occupied Norway she had her name and NORGE () painted on both her sides. Large Norwegian flags were also painted both on her sides and on her roof. Her complement of passengers consisted of both Norwegian civilians and German military personnel. Although a civilian ship on a regular cargo and passenger route she had German anti-aircraft artillery on board and these guns were always manned by German soldiers.
At 1900hrs, when "Sanct Svithun" was in a position between the islets of Vossa and Buholmen, she was attacked by six Bristol Beaufighters from the Canadian 404 Squadron armed with "60 lb" 3-inch rockets. "Sanct Svithun" was sailing alone without escort, and her anti-aircraft armament was ineffective, allowing the Beaufighters to press through their attack with great precision. The attack, which included machine gun and 20 mm auto-cannon fire, left the Norwegian steamer burning in strong gale-force weather. Many people jumped into the ocean to escape the flames, soon perishing in the stormy seas before the pilot managed to beach the ship between Buholmen islet and a rocky outcrop on land. "Sanct Svithun" lay burning on the islet for hours while the burning stern was sinking beneath the waves. During the evening and night many of the people on board managed to make their way ashore, greatly aided by local people from the nearby village of Ervik, twenty of whom went to sea in half a dozen rowing boats to try and rescue the survivors. Between 41 and 46 Norwegians died in the incident, while 75 or 76 were saved; only two of the Germans on board survived. Many people were able to make their way ashore after sailor Olav Iversen Kvalvågnes managed to swim to land with a rope. The captain, Samuel Alshager, was the last to abandon ship. Two to three days after the attack "Sanct Svithun" slipped off the islet and sank in deeper waters. Today most of the wreck has been broken up by the weather. The remains are located off Buholmen at a depth of between five and thirty metres.
Reactions to the sinking of SS "Sanct Svithun".
The Allied sinking of "Sanct Svithun" – an unescorted Norwegian passenger ship – led to strong reactions in Norway, with the leadership of the Norwegian resistance movement sending a letter of protest to the press office of the Norwegian government in exile in London on 20 October 1943. In the letter the resistance stated that "We have received message from a trusted source in Western Norway who has been gathering reliable intelligence from eye witnesses and survivors about the sinking of "Sanct Svithun". He declares that the German reports in the media are by and large correct. When the negative impacts have not been greater, the reason is that everyone back home refuse to believe that the English could have behaved in such a manner. This is in conflict with the experiences that people back home have made over almost three years. If anything like this was to happen again, it would be highly damaging." The letter was presented to Norwegian Minister of Foreign Affairs Trygve Lie and debated in a government conference. 
The sinking was featured heavily in the Nazi-controlled Norwegian newspapers, with the Norwegian national socialist party Nasjonal Samling's official publication "Fritt Folk" used the incident in its anti-Allied propaganda, calling the attack "a horrifying British enemy deed".
On 20 May 1944 the Norwegian Postal Service released three postage stamps with designs commemorating war-related shipwrecks, the 15 Øre stamp featuring the sinking of SS "Sanct Svithun". Each stamp cost an extra 10 Øre meant to go to the benefit of injured shipwreck survivors and the relatives of those killed. The shipwreck stamps were designed by German-born Norwegian pro-Nazi propaganda artist Harald Damsleth and the other two ships portrayed on the stamps where SS "Barøy" and SS "Irma", sunk in 1941 and 1944 respectively.
Post-war memorial.
In gratitude to the villagers of Ervik's rescue efforts the shipping company, Det Stavangerske Dampskibsselskab, donated in 1970 the ship's bell from "Sanct Svithun" to a memorial chapel built in Ervik that year, where it has since remained. The idea to build a memorial chapel had originally been proposed by Vidkun Quisling's collaborationist Nasjonal Samling administration. Although many Norwegians opposed the chapel plans Captain Alshager of "Sanct Svithun" supported the building of a memorial, stating that honouring the dead of the shipwreck had to be seen separately of the war in general. Alshager had captained "Sanct Svithun" from 1928 until her 1943 sinking. The first foundation stone for the chapel was laid down in 1944, but the project was put aside after the end of the war. The new foundation stone for the chapel, moved a distance from the original location, was laid down in 1968. When the chapel was inaugurated in 1970 close to 1,000 people were present and the building was handed over to Selje municipality. In addition to the ship's bell, the chapel contains a small exhibition relating to the shipwreck, and "Sanct Svithun"'s anchor is displayed outside the building. The chapel was designed by architects Arnstein Arneberg and Olav Platou. Most of the church art and liturgical items relate to "Sanct Svithun". On 1 January 1997 Ervik Chapel was re-designated as a church and renamed Ervik Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20352783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352783" title="Christ the King (disambiguation)">
Christ the King (disambiguation)

Christ the King is a title of Jesus. It can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20352830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352830" title="Edgar Winter's White Trash (album)">
Edgar Winter's White Trash (album)

"Edgar Winter's White Trash" is the second studio album by Edgar Winter, and his first with his group White Trash. The album reached #111 on the "Billboard" charts, and produced the single "Keep Playin' That Rock and Roll", which went to #70 on "Billboard"'s Top 100. The album was prepped for a Quadraphonic format, however was left unreleased.

</doc>
<doc id="20352850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352850" title="Ballara, Queensland">
Ballara, Queensland

Ballara is the site of a deserted mining town in north-western Queensland, Australia, in the Selwyn Range between the towns of Mount Isa and Cloncurry. It includes the remains of a railway station for a long-closed narrow-gauge railway. Ballara is commemorated in the scientific name of the Kalkadoon Grasswren ("Amytornis ballarae").

</doc>
<doc id="20352859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352859" title="List of Governors of Monagas">
List of Governors of Monagas

This is a list of Governors of the Venezuelan state of Monagas.
Until 1989 they were appointed by the President of Venezuela. Starting from that year they are elected in universal, direct and secret elections. In some years the head of Monagas state was known as "President" or "Civil and Military Chief", in others "Governor". Monagas was created in its present form in 1909. It existed previously as the Province of Maturín (Maturín being its capital) from 1856, becoming the State of Maturín in 1864, before being merged with another state in 1879.
Monagas State precursors.
Governors of the Province of Maturín/State of Maturín
Governors of Nueva Andalucía State, which Maturín belonged to (1865-68)
Governors of Maturín
Provisional Government: (1868)
Civil and Military Chiefs
Monagas State.
Presidents of Monagas State. 20th Century
Governors of Monagas State since 1958

</doc>
<doc id="20352875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352875" title="Shepparton High School">
Shepparton High School

Shepparton High School (SHS) is a public secondary school in Shepparton, Victoria, Australia. The school was founded in 1909 as Shepparton Agricultural High School and was one of the first High Schools built in Victoria during that era. In 2009 Shepparton High School had approximately 950 students enrolled.
Sports.
The SHS Football Club (under 14's) played in three consecutive grand finals (2004, 2005, and 2006), winning in 2005 and 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20352933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352933" title="Charlene Pesquiera">
Charlene Pesquiera

Charlene Pesquiera is a Democratic politician from the US state of Arizona. She served as Arizona State Senator for District 26 from 2006 until 2008, when she declined to run for re-election.
Personal.
Pesquiera is married to Garrett Burner and has a son, Korey.

</doc>
<doc id="20352968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352968" title="Chancheng District">
Chancheng District

Chancheng District is a district under the administration of Foshan city, in Guangdong Province, People's Republic of China. 
Geography.
The district lies at the center of Foshan, surrounded on the east, west, and north sides by the Nanhai District and bordered to the south by the Shunde District.
Administration divisions.
Chancheng is the economic, cultural and political center of the city as well as the home of the city government. The district covers a total area of , and has a population of 960,000 people (including itinerant residents). Chancheng lies on relatively flat land.

</doc>
<doc id="20352982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352982" title="Jean Réville">
Jean Réville

Jean Réville (November 6, 1854 - May 6, 1908) was a French Protestant theologian born in Rotterdam, Netherlands. He was the son of theologian Albert Réville (1826–1906).
He studied theology at Geneva, Berlin and Heidelberg, obtaining his licentiate in theology in Paris (1880). He subsequently became a pastor in Sainte-Suzanne, Doubs, and in 1886 received his doctorate in theology at the Protestant Faculty of Theology in Paris. In 1894 he was appointed professor of patristics to the theological faculty at the Sorbonne.
Réville was a prominent figure in French Liberal Protestantism. From 1884 until his death, he was editor of the "Revue de l'Histoire des Religions". Among his better known publications are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20352984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20352984" title="Salvatore Vicari">
Salvatore Vicari

Salvatore Vicari (born 31 January 1981) is an Italian footballer.
Career.
Palermo.
Vicari started his youth career at "Albatros Lercara". In summer 1994, he joined the youth rank of Palermo.
Vicari made his first team debut at 1998-99 Serie C1 season. He played 24 league matches and scored 2 goals. Palermo failed to win promotion, however, as the team finished runner-up and lost to Savoia in the promotion playoffs.
Reggina.
After the season, he was sold to Reggina at Serie A. In the first season, Vicari played twice for first team and played at youth level. In the second season, he was promoted to first team in December 2000. He played 21 league matches for the Serie A struggler, which lost to Verona in relegation playoffs. At Serie B, he became a first team regular and scored 1 goal. Reggina finished 3rd and won Serie A promotion.
Vicari was not in the plan of Reggina's Serie A campaign, and he was loaned to Messina, last year struggling at Serie B. At his second Sicilian club, he played 31 league matches and scored once against local rival and former club Palermo.
At 2003-04 season, he was loaned to Ascoli of Serie B which finished mid-table. He failed to play regularly and he was sold to Verona of Serie B in co-ownership bid on 30 January 2004. He played 10 matches in a total of 792 minutes.
At 2004-05 season, he was loaned to Serie B newcomer Catanzaro. He played 18 matches in a total of just 994 minutes for the Serie B struggler. he scored his only goal verse his former club Verona, which the match finished in 1-4 lost.
Vicari was excluded at Reggina first team at 2005-06 season. In January 2006, he was loaned to another Serie B struggler Avellino, which he played 12 league matches and 2 playoffs, in a total of just 494 and 26 minutes.
As his contract was reported set to expire in 2007, Vicari was loaned to Cisco Roma of Serie C2, which the team aim to promotion. He played 16 matches for the team as a regular starter.
Monza.
In January 2007, he left for Monza. Sometimes he played at starter for the Serie C1 clubs. In December 2009 he signed a contract with A.S.G. Nocerina.

</doc>
<doc id="20353001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353001" title="1952 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1952 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1952 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1952-1953. The Buckeyes compiled a 6–3 record.

</doc>
<doc id="20353033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353033" title="Bada Valley">
Bada Valley

Bada Valley or Napu Valley, located in the Lore Lindu National Park in Central Sulawesi, Indonesia, contains hundreds of megaliths going back to the 14th century. The purpose of the megaliths and their builders are unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20353055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353055" title="Rosenbrock methods">
Rosenbrock methods

Rosenbrock methods refers to either of two distinct ideas in numerical computation, both named for Howard H. Rosenbrock.
Numerical solution of differential equations.
Rosenbrock methods for stiff differential equations are a family of multistep methods for solving ordinary differential equations that contain a wide range of characteristic timescales. They are related to the implicit Runge-Kutta methods and are also known as Kaps-Rentrop methods.
Search method.
Rosenbrock search is a numerical optimization algorithm applicable to optimization problems in which the objective function is inexpensive to compute and the derivative either does not exist or cannot be computed efficiently. The idea of Rosenbrock search is also used to initialize some root-finding routines, such as fzero (based on Brent's method) in Matlab. Rosenbrock search is a form of derivate-free search but may perform better on functions with sharp ridges. The method often identifies such a ridge which, in many applications, leads to a solution.

</doc>
<doc id="20353056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353056" title="1951 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1951 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1951 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1951-1952. The Buckeyes compiled a 4–3–2 record as the famous Woodrow "Woody" Hayes took over. The Bucks outscored teams 109-104 but fell to Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20353060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353060" title="Sam Mastrogiannis">
Sam Mastrogiannis

Stamatis A. "Sam" Mastrogiannis (born March 2, 1942) is a Greek American professional poker player who won two bracelets at the World Series of Poker.
Poker.
Mastrogiannis cashed three times at the World Series of Poker and won two bracelets. He won his first bracelet in 1979 in the $1,000 Razz event and won his second bracelet in 1986 in the $1,500 Seven Card Stud event.
He also won a Seven-card stud event at Amarillo Slim's Super Bowl of Poker in 1982. Although Mastrogiannis is mostly a cash game player, his lifetime tournament winnings exceed $145,000.
World Series of Poker Bracelets.
Sam Mastrogiannis invested his poker winnings and started his own shoe company. His shoe line was called the mastroni. The shoes were sold at Nortroms under the signature label.

</doc>
<doc id="20353064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353064" title="Amanda Aguirre">
Amanda Aguirre

Amanda Aguirre is a Democratic politician. She served as an Arizona State Senator from 2006–2010 and as an Arizona State Representative from 2003–2006 for District 24. In May 2012, Aguirre announced that she was entering the race to represent Arizona's 3rd congressional district.
Personal information.
Amanda Aguirre has been involved for more that 25 years in public health education and administration. She has put a strong emphasis on the health issues involved with the U.S.-Mexico border . Aguirre has lived in Yuma, Arizona for the past 23 years. Her lifelong commitment is aimed at education since she was raised by parents who were both elementary school teachers. Her parents had a large influence on her political ideologies and from them she developed her Democratic values to serve her community.
Education.
Aguirre obtained a B.S. in Chemistry from the University of Sonora in Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico. In 1981, she received her Master’s Degree from California State University, Los Angeles, in Nutrition, with a focus on feeding problems of children with developmental disabilities.
Career.
Aguirre became the first female and first Hispanic to represent District 24 (Yuma and La Paz Counties) in the Arizona State House of Representatives on February 2003, when the Yuma County Board of Supervisors appointed her to the 46th Arizona State Legislature. She was later elected to serve in the House of Representatives for a full term a year later, and the Arizona State Senate in 2006, where she has served ever since.
Senator Aguirre has had great success in passing key bi-partisan legislation. One of her latest and most popular bills established an Autism Task Force legislative committee to review the coordination of services provided by state agencies, schools and organizations relating to the treatment of persons with autism spectrum disorder and recommend solutions for improvement of these services. On a similar note, she was also the champion of legislation passed in 2008 coined “Steven’s Law,” which requires private medical insurance companies to provide Autism intervention service coverage under their insurance plan benefits.
Ms. Aguirre was recently appointed by Governor Jan Brewer to serve on her 5 member bipartisan Advisory Group for Behavioral Health, a committee made up of two Senators, two Representatives to address structural reform and challenges faced by the state in administering and delivering behavioral health services.
In 2008 and 2009 Senator Aguirre was appointed to co-chair the In-Home Care Study Committee, which made her the only Democrat to co-chair a joint legislative committee in a Republican controlled legislature. Sen. Aguirre is also the current ranking member on the Senate Healthcare and Medical Liability Reform Committee. Currently she serves on the Northern Arizona University Interdisciplinary Health Policy Institute Advisory Board, which compiles twelve of the most influential healthcare decision-makers in the state.
Other notable efforts.
Other notable efforts include community involved clean-up of illegal dumping sites in her district, and hosting county-wide child immunization events.
Hobbies.
In her free time, Senator Aguirre enjoys traveling, reading, playing guitar, kayaking on the Colorado River, and spending time with her significant other and cat “Nafta.”

</doc>
<doc id="20353074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353074" title="Up in the Air (novel)">
Up in the Air (novel)

Up in the Air is a 2001 novel by American author Walter Kirn. It was adapted into the 2009 feature film "Up in the Air", starring George Clooney.
Plot summary.
Ryan Bingham is a 35-year-old career transition counselor for a Denver-based management consulting company, Integrated Strategic Management (ISM). He flies around the country firing and then counseling recently laid-off people for reentering the job market.
Bingham is trying to get to one million frequent flyer miles, a number only reached by nine other people in the same mileage club (from the fictional airline "Great West") before his boss returns from vacation, finds his letter of resignation and cancels his company credit card. Bingham is positioning himself to be hired by MythTech, a shadowy company based in Omaha.
He is divorced and his disturbed younger sister is about to embark on yet another disastrous relationship.
Bingham inhabits a world of Palm Pilots, rental cars, salted almonds, Kevlar luggage and nameless suite hotels where e-mail and voice mail are the communication norm. He takes a lot of pills and spends time with women in Las Vegas. Bingham fears that someone may be furtively cashing in his precious miles, which would be tantamount to stealing his soul.
Writing.
Kirn wrote the book in rural Montana during a snowbound winter on a ranch while thinking about airports, airplanes and about a particular conversation he had with another passenger in a first-class cabin. That passenger stated that he used to have an apartment in Atlanta but never used it. He got a storage locker instead, since he stayed in hotels and was on the road 300 days a year. He considered the flight crew to be like family, and indicated that he knew the flight attendant by name and knew her kids' names.
Film adaptation.
Jason Reitman and Sheldon Turner adapted this novel into a 2009 award-winning feature film starring George Clooney. The film was critically acclaimed and was nominated for six Academy Awards, including Best Picture.
Sales.
The book received some good reviews and initially sold well until September 11, 2001 when sales slowed to a near halt. The cover with a cartoon of flying businesspeople (presumably reminiscent of "The Falling Man") one of them on fire and hurtling earthward also hurt sales. Sales of the book were revived following Jason Reitman's film adaptation.

</doc>
<doc id="20353081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353081" title="Heptanese School (literature)">
Heptanese School (literature)

The term Heptanese School of literature (, also known as the Ionian School) denotes the literary production of the Ionian Island's literature figures from the late 18th century till the end of the 19th century. The center of this production is considered to be the poet Dionysios Solomos, so its periods are conventionally divided as follows: Pre-Solomian poets (Προσολωμικοί ποιητές), Solomian poets, Post-Solomian poets, Minors and Descendants. 
General traits.
Some general traits of the Ionian style were:

</doc>
<doc id="20353098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353098" title="1965 Rose Bowl">
1965 Rose Bowl

The 1965 Rose Bowl, played on January 1, 1965 was the 51st Rose Bowl Game. The 
Michigan Wolverines defeated the Oregon State Beavers by a score of 34–7. Michigan fullback Mel Anthony was named the Rose Bowl Player Of The Game.
Teams.
Michigan Wolverines.
The Wolverines had finished seventh in the Big Ten Conference the previous year, and had placed no higher than a tie for fifth under coach Bump Elliott. Michigan had not been to the Rose Bowl since 1951, but in 1964, they ran up an 8–1 conference record and clinched a Rose Bowl berth, taking a #4 ranking and an undefeated 3–0 postseason record into the game. Coach Elliott had been a receiver for the Wolverines in one of those games, the 1948 Rose Bowl, and had been an assistant coach at Oregon State under head coach Kip Taylor.
Oregon State Beavers.
The Beavers made their third Rose Bowl appearance with a bit of controversy. Following the disbanding of the Pacific Coast Conference in 1959 due to a pay-for-play scandal, the reformed Athletic Association of Western Universities did not initially include Oregon State and Oregon. The two Oregon schools rejoined in time for the 1964 season, but the conference did not have time to reschedule a full head-to-head conference schedule. As a result, Oregon State and USC did not play each other, and when they finished with identical 3–1 conference records, the decision of which team to send to Pasadena was left to a vote among the conference's schools. At first, the most people assumed Oregon State would get the nod based on their better overall record (8–2 vs. 7–3). However, when it was announced that the vote would be delayed until after USC's season ending game with top ranked and undefeated Notre Dame, many people inferred that if USC upset the Irish, they would get the nod. Indeed, USC shocked Notre Dame 20–17 so now many people assumed USC would get the Rose Bowl invitation. When the vote was taken just hours after the USC - Notre Dame game, the conferences' eight members split, four votes for both Oregon State and USC. The tiebreaker in such an instance was to eliminate the team that had more recently gone to the Rose Bowl, and Southern California had gone two years prior. 
This would lead to another controversy just two years later in which an 8–2 USC team that had lost to UCLA would get voted in ahead of the 9–1 Bruins. Many felt this 1966 vote was to "make up for" the 1964 vote, especially since the coach of Oregon State in 1964 was Tommy Prothro and he was then the coach of UCLA in 1966.
Game summary.
Michigan was an 11-point favorite, but after a scoreless first quarter, it was the Beavers who struck first, with Paul Brothers completing a five-yard pass to Doug McDougal early in the second quarter, with Steve Clark kicking the extra point. The Beavers held the Wolverines for a while, but on their third possession following the Beavers' score, tailback Mel Anthony ran 84 yards, a Rose Bowl record at the time, for a touchdown. Richard Sygar's kick was no good. The Beavers' 7–6 advantage was short-lived, however, as on the very next possession, Carl Ward ran for 43 yards and a touchdown. While the conversion pass from Bob Timberlake to Ben Farabee was broken up, the Wolverines led 12–7 at the half.
The second half was all Michigan. Anthony blocked a punt and rushed for two more touchdowns in the third quarter, and quarterback Timberlake ran 24 yards for the final touchdown, making the final score 34–7. For his efforts, Anthony was named the game's Most Outstanding Player.
Scoring.
First quarter.
None.
Aftermath.
With the game, Michigan ended its 14-year postseason drought, to date their longest string of seasons without a bowl game. However, it was the last bowl game Elliott would coach; he resigned following the 1968 season after a 50–14 loss to archrival Ohio State.
This was the Beavers' last bowl game appearance for 34 years, and to date, remains their last appearance in the Rose Bowl. Soon after the game, Beaver coach Tommy Prothro left Oregon State to coach UCLA, and took them to the following year's Rose Bowl, in which the Bruins defeated Michigan State.

</doc>
<doc id="20353107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353107" title="Pinza-Abu Cave Man">
Pinza-Abu Cave Man

The is a prehistoric people known from bones found in the Pinza-Abu Cave, near Ueno in Miyako Island, southern Japan. The remains appear to have the modern man anatomical type and have been dated to about 30,000 years ago.
Findings.
Between the years 1974 and 1989, expeditions and surveys have been done six different occasions at the Pinza-Abu cave site. The bones found have been measured and compared to recent Japanese and the Minatogawa Man. The occipital and supernumerary bones have been reconstructed from the few fragments found to create a nearly complete squama. The occipital squama has especially large features in the sagittal arcs, compared to that of modern Japanese. The right parietal bone has been found largely intact, with only minor fragments missing. Characteristics in the sagittal dimension, however, are much smaller compared to the modern Japanese. This small feature of the range of parietals is also seen in the Minatogawa skulls. The vertebra found was determined to be much smaller than recent Japanese vertebrae, but shared similarities with the Minatogawa Man.
As shown in the measurements, some of archaic physical features possessed by the Pinza-Abu Cave Man are shared by the Minatogawa Man, which may suggest close physical and biological between the two. Both groups of people have lived in the Ryukyu Islands, so they may have shared a close relationship, both from interacting with one another. This suggests they belonged in the same time and space. However, very little is still known about the origin of the Pinza-Abu people, in their migration and how they came to be isolated. According to some scholars, the Pinza-Abu Cave Man may have arrived to Miyako Island from the Malaysia during the Stone Age, due to physical similarities with the Wadjak Man. There are also speculations that the Pinza-Abu Cave Man is the descendant of the Java man. From this, since the Java man was already known to have produced fire, it can be thought that the Pinza-Abu Cave Man also possessed those skills. In 1989, surveys found charcoal with the human remains, which may reveal more about their lifestyle and technological advancements. There is still, however, no evidence that links the Pinza-Abu cave man as the ancestor of people living on Miyako Island today.
Along with human remains, the mammalian fauna found in soil deposits of the site, which may reveal more about the diet of the Pinza-Abu Cave Man. The dating technique used to determine the timeline from measuring the fluorine content of bones through an ion-selective electrode. Carbon-14 dating was also used in dating the bones. These techniques have determined the fauna to have come from around the time of the Late Pleistocene. In the oldest stratigraphic layer, deer bones were found and dated to 30,000 years BP. In the next layer, both deer and boar bones were found and dated between 15,000 and 20,000 years BP. The uppermost layer, which is also the more recent, only had boar bones. Today, these two species, along with several other mammalian species that have previously existed on Miyako Island, are now extinct there. The Pinza-Abu Cave Man was also discovered with stone tools, so they are thought to have already been adept with those skills. Miyako Island did not have large mammals, so much of the hunting is believed to be done individually or very small groups. This leads some researchers to believe that the Pinza-Abu people lived primarily in small, familial groups.

</doc>
<doc id="20353129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353129" title="Ryo Takayasu">
Ryo Takayasu

Major achievements.
2006 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships
2007 World Championships
Personal bests.
In long course
In short course

</doc>
<doc id="20353132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353132" title="Chopy Fatah">
Chopy Fatah

Chopy Fatah (Kurdish:Çopî Fetah / چۆپی فەتاح, Arabic: جوبي فتاح) is a contemporary Kurdish singer. She was born in Kirkuk, Iraq in 1983. Her family emigrated to the Netherlands in 1988. She released her first album titled "Çît Naw Binêm" in 2003.
Career.
After emigrating to the Netherlands, she joined a Dutch choir school in 1990 and also attended a music school in 1996 where she focused on singing under the supervision of her teachers. In 1999, she attended the Kurdish Music Academy in Germany where she studied under the supervision of the Kurdish music teacher "Wirya Ahmad". She performed on stage for the first time in The Hague, Netherlands in 2000. Chopy has released a total of 5 Kurdish music albums and 3 English singles "Draw the Line", "My Homeland" and "Think of Me". Her first English album is expected to be released in 2013.
Chopy's music & advertisement videos are played on different TV channels in the Middle East:
Chopy has been interviewed by many Kurdish and Iraqi newspapers and magazines, as well as by newspapers from Turkey (Habertürk), Dutch newspapers Algemeen Dagblad, NRC Next, Trouw, Nederlands Dagblad and the Italian weekly women's fashion and celebrity gossip magazine Grazia. The Dutch current affairs TV programmes EénVandaag and Goudmijn made reports about Chopy's life. She has also performed in Jörgen Raymanns TV show 'Zo Raymann' (Raymanns Suikerfeest).
In 2008 Chopy became the cultural Ambassador of Asia Cell Telecom Company. This is one of the most important Iraqi telecommunications company that caters to more than 9 million subscribers around Iraq. The result of this was that thousands of Chopy's (Asia Cell) billboards were placed around Iraq.
Chopy has performed in Germany, Sweden, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Norway, Austria, Greece, the United States, Canada, Australia, Ukraine and the United Arab Emirates. In the Kurdish populated areas of Turkey, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Armenia and Azerbaijan, she is one of the most famous singers (according to Turkish newspaper Habertürk ). Thousands of her CDs have been sold around the world. Uniquely of Chopy is the fact that she is known in different parts of Kurdistan because she sings in Kurdish-Sorani (native) and Kurdish-Kurmanci (according to the Dutch newspaper NRC Next). Thus she gave concerts throughout Kurdistan: in Diyarbakir (Amed), Batman, Arbil (Erbil/Hawler), Qamishlo, Sulaimaniyah, Van and Kirkuk.
Chopy was one of the first singers to perform in the Iraqi (Kurdish) city of Kirkuk after the fall off Saddam's dictatorship. Chopy stated that she did so because of her love for her hometown and her many fans (according to the Dutch newspaper Algemeen Dagblad). Many of Chopy Fatah's concerts and music events have been attended by important Iraqi and Kurdish politicians like the President of the Republic of Iraq, Jalal Talabani and the president of the Kurdistan Region, Massoud Barzani.
Chopy supported in 2009 the Democratic Society Party DTP (the current BDP Peace and Democracy Party) by sending an official letter to its leader Ahmet Türk where she explained that she will do everything in her power to support the peaceful solution of the Kurdish issue in Turkey (North-Kurdistan). “As a Kurdish artist I want to show my support to the solution of the Kurdish question in North-Kurdistan (Southeast Turkey).” Chopy said she is willing to give free concerts in Diyarbakir (Amed), Cizîr, Batman and other cities to support peace. Chopy was one of the Kurdish singers that held concerts in Iraqi Kurdistan to raise money for the Kurdish victims of the Van earthquake that struck the city in southeastern Turkey in October 2011 (2011 Van earthquake). On 21 March 2013 she held a performance in the Kurdish city of Diyarbakir (Amed) in front of 2 million people to support peace and freedom for the Kurds in Turkey. 
In October 2013 Chopy was chosen to be the Kurdish flag bearer for the One Young World Summit' in Johannesburg, South Africa. The Kurdish flag was for the first time hoisted at the event, alongside flags of 190 other countries attending the summit.

</doc>
<doc id="20353134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353134" title="James Long (Australian politician)">
James Long (Australian politician)

James Joseph Long (1870 – 23 December 1932) was an Australian politician. Born at The Fort, Tasmania, he received a primary education before becoming a miner, and later President of the Federated Mining Enginedrivers' Association. In 1903 he was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly as the Labor member for Lyell, transferring to Darwin in 1909. In 1909 he also served as Minister for Lands and Works, Minister for Mines and Minister for Agriculture. In 1910, he left the Assembly and was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Tasmania. He resigned his place in 1918, simultaneously resigning from the Labor Party. He was appointed commissioner enquiring into trade between Australia and the East Indies. After retiring from public life he became a publican in Victoria and finally a businessman in Melbourne. Long died in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="20353184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353184" title="Mister Kingdom">
Mister Kingdom

"Mister Kingdom" is a symphonic rock song written by the Electric Light Orchestra (ELO). 
The song first appeared as the opening track of side 2, track number 6 from their 1974 album, "Eldorado". It was the B-side to the 1977 hit, "Turn to Stone", found on their album, "Out of the Blue".
On the single version the solo slowly fades from 5:05 all the way to the very end, 5:29. But on the "Flashback" boxset, the solo fades about 16 seconds earlier than the LP version, also cutting the small orchestra intro.
The song has a similar style to The Beatles' song "Across the Universe". The song features an extended orchestral playout starting from 4:16 to 5:29 transiting into "Nobody's Child". 
""This guy's always looking for a pot of gold."" Jeff Lynne (2001 - Eldorado Remaster)
""God knows what this is about, but I like the sound"" - Jeff Lynne 2000 Flashback liner notes

</doc>
<doc id="20353193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353193" title="Victor Soltero">
Victor Soltero

Victor E. Soltero is a Democratic politician. He has served as Arizona State Senator for District 29 since his appointment in 2003, and earlier from 1991 through 2000. He was a member of the Arizona House of Representatives from 2000 through 2003, and Mayor of the City of South Tucson from 1988 through 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20353197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353197" title="Rudolph Ready">
Rudolph Ready

Rudolph Keith Ready (15 December 1878 – 28 July 1958) was an Australian politician. Born in Tasmania, he received a primary education before becoming a storekeeper. In 1910, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Tasmania. He resigned his place in 1917, leading to the appointment, only hours later, of Nationalist John Earle. Ready died in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20353202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353202" title="The World Is What It Is">
The World Is What It Is

The World Is What It Is: The Authorized Biography of V. S. Naipaul is a biography of the Nobel Prize-winning author V. S. Naipaul by Patrick French.
The biography has been extensively reviewed. including by his former acolyte Paul Theroux.
The biography was selected by the editors of the "New York Times Book Review" as one of the Times' 10 Best Books of 2008. It won the 2008 National Book Critics Circle Award in Biography.

</doc>
<doc id="20353205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353205" title="1950 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1950 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1950 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1950-1951. The Buckeyes compiled a 6–3 record. The end of season matchup against Michigan was the infamous game later known as the Snow Bowl as the total of punts for both teams was 45. Still outscored opponents 286-111 but Fesler's record against Michigan fell to 0-3-1 and 21-13-3 overall as it was his last season.

</doc>
<doc id="20353208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353208" title="2008–09 Louisville Cardinals men's basketball team">
2008–09 Louisville Cardinals men's basketball team

The 2008–09 Louisville Cardinals men's basketball team represented the University of Louisville during the 2008–09 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, Louisville's 95th season of intercollegiate competition. The Cardinals competed in the Big East Conference and were coached by Rick Pitino, who was in his eighth season. The team played its home games at Freedom Hall.
The Cardinals finished the season 31–6, 16–2 and were regular season Big East Champions (their 1st). They defeated Syracuse 76–66 to win the 2009 Big East Men's Basketball Tournament (their 1st). They received an automatic bid to the 2009 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, earning the overall #1 seed and were placed in the Midwest Region. They were upset by #2 seed Michigan State in the Midwest Regional final, 64–52.
Preseason.
After an elite eight appearance in the 2008 tournament, Louisville entered the 2008–09 season ranked third in both the AP and Coaches polls in part due to a strong recruiting class. The incoming freshman class is ranked fifth overall by Scouts.com, led by number one ranked center Samardo Samuels. Louisville has been picked by many analysts to be a potential Final Four contender, including Sports Illustrated and Dick Vitale.
Regular season.
Despite the #3 preseason ranking, Louisville struggled in the non-conference losing to three unranked opponents. After beating Kentucky on an Edgar Sosa buzzer-beating three pointer, Louisville entered Big East play ranked #21. After beating South Florida easily, Louisville beat three straight ranked teams in close games: #17 Villanova, #12 Notre Dame in overtime, and previously unbeaten #1 Pittsburgh. Louisville would continue strong play, going undefeated in January and winning its first eight conference games before losing to #1 Connecticut on February 2. After beating St. John's, Louisville lost by their most lopsided margin since joining the Big East, a 33-point drubbing by Notre Dame. After that game, Louisville won its final seven regular season games to win the school's first ever regular season Big East championship.
Big East Tournament.
By virtue of their outright regular-season title, Louisville received a double-bye in the Big East Tournament and played their first game in the tournament quarterfinals. In the tournament, Louisville beat Providence 73–55 in the quarterfinals and #10 Villanova 69–55 in the semifinals to advance to the school's first ever Big East Tournament championship game in four seasons in the conference. In the finals, Louisville won its first Big East Tournament Championship, defeating #18 Syracuse 76–66. Due to losses in the early conference tournament rounds by several teams above them, the Cardinals finished #1 in the final regular season AP and coaches' polls—the first time in school history they have been ranked #1 in either poll.
NCAA Tournament.
Louisville was awarded the top seed in the NCAA Tournament Midwest Region, as well as the overall #1 seed in the tournament. This is Louisville's second ever 1-seed. The Cardinals beat Morehead St. and Siena in the first two tournament rounds, advancing to face Arizona in the Sweet 16 on March 27. After beating Arizona by 39 points, Louisville faced Michigan St. in the Elite Eight and lost 64–52.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition games
!colspan=9| Non-conference games
!colspan=9| Big East regular season
!colspan=9| Big East Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament†

</doc>
<doc id="20353210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353210" title="Yuma Quartermaster Depot State Historic Park">
Yuma Quartermaster Depot State Historic Park

Yuma Quartermaster Depot State Historic Park, formerly Yuma Crossing State Historic Park, and now one of the Yuma Crossing and Associated Sites on the National Register of Historic Places in the Yuma Crossing National Heritage Area. It is an Arizona state park in the city of Yuma, Arizona, USA.
The Yuma Quartermaster Depot was an important quartermaster depot during the 1870s. Goods were shipped up the Colorado River from the Sea of Cortez and stored at Yuma for distribution to the desert frontier forts in the Southwestern United States territories.
History.
Yuma Quartermaster Depot State Historic Park is on the grounds of the former Yuma Quartermaster Depot. The depot was established by the U.S. Army in 1864 to store and distribute supplies to frontier army posts in what is now Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, Nevada and Utah. One purpose of the depot was to ensure that a six month supply of much needed goods such as ammunition, food and clothing was on hand at all times. The goods and supplies were brought to Yuma from California aboard ships that traveled around the Baja California peninsula and up the Gulf of California to Port Isabel, Sonora at the mouth of the Colorado River. Supplies were shipped up the Colorado on river boats to Yuma and stored at the Yuma Quartermaster Depot.
The supplies gathered at the quartermaster depot were shipped throughout the southwest via river boats and overland on mule team freight wagons. Up to 900 mules were kept in stables at Yuma Quartermaster Depot. The arrival of the Southern Pacific Railroad in Yuma in 1877 signaled the end of the depot. When the railroad reached Tucson in 1880, the quartermaster depot was closed. The quartermasters moved to Fort Lowell in Tucson.
The Signal Corps, having arrived at Fort Yuma and the quartermaster depot in 1875, remained there until 1891. Following the departure of the Signal Corps, the property was transferred to the control of the U.S. Weather Service which worked out of the depot site until 1949.
The Yuma Quartermaster Depot fell into a state of disrepair in the years following 1949. Some of the facilities were used by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other governmental agencies.
Historical park.
Five buildings left over from the quartermaster depot days remain at the park. The site was identified as a possible historic park in the early 1960s. The office of the depot quartermaster was acquired by the state in 1969. More property was added to what would become the park in 1980. The park land was purchased from United States Department of the Interior by the city of Yuma and donated to the state park system in 1986. Groundbreaking for the park was held in 1986. The park opened in 1990 as a unit of Yuma Territorial Prison State Historic Park and was established as a state historic park in 1997, under the control of the non-profit Yuma Crossing Foundation.
The Yuma Crossing Foundation established an agreement with the state parks board to manage, develop and operate the site as a living history museum. After seven years of construction and rebuilding the park was opened to the public in 1997 as Yuma Crossing State Historic Park. The park is part of the Yuma Crossing National Heritage Area. The name of the park was changed in 2007 to reflect the original use of the area and its historic interpretive focus.
Facilities.
Visitor Center.
In addition to being a state historic park, Yuma Quartermaster Depot State Historic Park is the home of the Yuma Visitors Bureau Visitor Information Center. The park and visitor center are open year round. The visitor center houses a display on the park's military history in the late 19th century, and a history of the work done by the Bureau of Reclamation during the 20th century. A gift shop sells a variety of books and souvenirs.
Historic exhibits.
Four of the five original buildings house historic exhibits. The storehouse details the history of the Colorado River and the steamboat era on it, and of the mule wagon trains. The office of the depot quartermaster houses two exhibits. One is an historic recreation of the depot as it appeared in its heyday. Another shows out the weather and telegraph stations appeared. The commanding officers quarters is a house museum which mimics how it would have looked in the 1870s, when army officers and their families lived in the space. A biologic exhibit of fish species in the Colorado River is found in the corral house. Outdoor exhibits at the park include ramadas, a steam boiler, a stone built reservoir and an encampment of wagons.
The park is open to picnicking. A day use facility under a shade ramada is available for group use with reservations. Picnic tables are available throughout the park as is one pavilion.

</doc>
<doc id="20353231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353231" title="Bette Garber">
Bette Garber

Bette S. Garber (1942–2008) was an American photojournalists known for her pictures of customized semi-trucks. She worked for Heavy Duty Trucking Magazine and published several books.
She was born in Chicago on November 18, 1942. She attended the University of Illinois and earned a bachelors degree of English in 1964. After college she worked as a copywriter and married Charles Garber. In 1970 she and her husband founded Structure Probe, an electron microscopy company. Working for their company she was often on the road and during the mid 70's she got a CB radio to get traffic reports. The CB radio also picked up trucker communications and conversations and it was this that first got her interested in the world of big trucks. She began taking pictures of trucks she encountered, and writing stories about the trucks and their drivers, which she submitted to trucking magazines. Eventually, she left Structure Probe, and for the next 30 years devoted herself full-time to her passion for trucking photojournalism. She died on November 13, 2008 at the age of 65 in Philadelphia of pneumonia.

</doc>
<doc id="20353253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353253" title="Wendy Orr">
Wendy Orr

Wendy Orr is a Canadian-born Australian writer born in Edmonton, Alberta. She is probably best known as the author of "Nim's Island", which was made into a film in 2008 starring Jodie Foster, Abigail Breslin and Gerard Butler.

</doc>
<doc id="20353271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353271" title="Thomas Bakhap">
Thomas Bakhap

Thomas Jerome Kingston Bakhap (29 October 1866 – 18 August 1923) was an Australian politician. He was born in Ballaarat, Victoria, the adoptive son of a Chinese immigrant, Bak Hap. He received no formal education but became a shopworker, and was later a tin miner at Lottah, Tasmania. In 1909, he was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly for Bass. In 1913, he transferred to federal politics, winning a Tasmanian Senate as a member of the Commonwealth Liberal Party. He died in 1923; John Hayes was appointed to replace him.

</doc>
<doc id="20353278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353278" title="Tamari lattice">
Tamari lattice

In mathematics, a Tamari lattice, introduced by , is a partially ordered set in which the elements consist of different ways of grouping a sequence of objects into pairs using parentheses; for instance, for a sequence of four objects "abcd", the five possible groupings are (("ab")"c")"d", ("ab")("cd"), ("a"("bc"))"d", "a"(("bc")"d"), and "a"("b"("cd")). Each grouping describes a different order in which the objects may be combined by a binary operation; in the Tamari lattice, one grouping is ordered before another if the second grouping may be obtained from the first by only rightward applications of the associative law ("xy")"z" = "x"("yz"). For instance, applying this law with "x" = "a", "y" = "bc", and "z" = "d" gives the expansion ("a"("bc"))"d" = "a"(("bc")"d"), so in the ordering of the Tamari lattice ("a"("bc"))"d" ≤ "a"(("bc")"d").
In this partial order, any two groupings "g"1 and "g"2 have a greatest common predecessor, the "meet" "g"1 ∧ "g"2, and a least common successor, the "join" "g"1 ∨ "g"2. Thus, the Tamari lattice has the structure of a lattice. The Hasse diagram of this lattice is isomorphic to the graph of vertices and edges of an associahedron. The number of elements in a Tamari lattice for a sequence of "n" + 1 objects is the "n"th Catalan number.
The Tamari lattice can also be described in several other equivalent ways:
Notation.
The Tamari lattice of the C"n" groupings of "n"+1 objects is called T"n", but the corresponding associahedron is called K"n"+1.
In "The Art of Computer Programming" T4 is called the "Tamari lattice of order 4" and its Hasse diagram K5 the "associahedron of order 4".

</doc>
<doc id="20353335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353335" title="Pavoncito Prison">
Pavoncito Prison

Pavoncito Prison is a prison in Guatemala. It is located south of Guatemala City. 
November 22, 2008 riot.
On November 22, 2008, a fight between members of rival gangs left seven inmates dead. Two died from gunshots and five beheaded. The riot lasted five hours before authorities regained control.

</doc>
<doc id="20353341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353341" title="Debbie McCune Davis">
Debbie McCune Davis

Debbie McCune Davis is a Democratic politician. She has served as Arizona State Senator for District 14 since 2006. Earlier she was a member of the Arizona House of Representatives from 1979 through 1994, and from 2003 through 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20353352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353352" title="George Foster (Australian politician)">
George Foster (Australian politician)

George Matthew Foster (1884 – 6 June 1956) was an Australian politician. Born in Adelaide, South Australia, he was educated in Tasmania, where he became a motor mechanic. After serving in the military 1914-1916, he was secretary of the Hobart Returned Services League, and was the Nationalist member for Bass in the Tasmanian House of Assembly from 1917 to 1919. In 1919, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Nationalist Senator for Tasmania. He held the seat until his resignation in 1925; Charles Grant was appointed to replace him. Foster died in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20353360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353360" title="Hand grenade">
Hand grenade

A hand grenade is any small bomb that can be thrown by hand. A variety of types of hand grenades exists, the most common being explosive grenades designed to detonate after impact or after a set amount of time.
Grenadiers were originally soldiers who specialized in throwing grenades.
Etymology.
The word "grenade" derives from the French word for a "small explosive shell". Its first usage in English dates from the 1590s. It is likely derived from Old French pomegranate (influenced by Spanish "granada"), so called because the many-seeded fruit suggested the powder-filled, fragmenting bomb, or from similarity of shape.
Grenade types.
Explosive.
Anti-personnel fragmentation grenades.
Anti-personnel fragmentation grenades are weapons that are designed to disperse lethal fragments upon detonation. The body is generally made of a hard synthetic material or steel, which will provide some fragmentation as shards and splinters, though in modern grenades a pre-formed fragmentation matrix is often used. The pre-formed fragmentation may be spherical, cuboid, wire or notched wire. Most AP grenades are designed to detonate either after a time delay or on impact.
When the word "grenade" is used without specification, and context does not suggest otherwise, it is generally assumed to refer to a fragmentation grenade.
Anti-personnel fragmentation grenades can be divided into two main types, defensive and offensive, where the former are designed to be used from a position of cover, (e.g. in a slit trench or behind a suitable wall,) and have an effective radius greater than the distance it can be thrown, while the latter are for assaulting troops and have a smaller effective fragmentation radius.
Modern fragmentation grenades such as the United States M67 grenade have a wounding radius of 15 m (49 ft, half that of older style grenades, which can still be encountered) and can be thrown about 40 m (131 ft). Fragments may travel more than 200 m.(656 ft)
Concussion.
The concussion grenade is an anti-personnel device that is designed to damage its target with explosive power alone. Compared to fragmentation grenades, the explosive filler is usually of a greater weight and volume, and the case is much thinner - the US MK3A2 concussion grenade, for example, has a body of fiber (similar to the packing container for the fragmentation grenade.)
These grenades are usually classed as offensive weapons, because the small effective casualty radius is much less than the distance it can be thrown. The concussion effect, rather than any expelled fragments, is the effective killer. In the case of the US Mk3A2, the casualty radius is published as 2 meters (6–7 feet) in "open" areas, but fragments and bits of fuse may be projected as far as 200 meters from the detonation point.
In addition to on-land use, they have been used as an anti-personnel depth charge around watercraft—and some, such as the US Mk 40 concussion grenade, are specifically designed for use against enemy divers and frogmen. The Mk 40 kills or otherwise incapacitates the target by creating a lethal shockwave underwater.
Anti-tank.
A range of hand-thrown grenades have been designed for use against armoured vehicles. An early, fairly weak example was the British Sticky bomb of 1940. Following designs such as the German Panzerwurfmine (L) and the Russian RPG-43, RPG-40, RPG-6 and RKG-3 series of grenades all used a HEAT warhead on one end and some method to stabilize flight and increase the likelihood of the 90 degree hit necessary for the shaped charge to be effective.
Due to improvements in modern tank armor, anti-tank hand grenades are generally considered obsolete. However, in the recent Iraq War, RKG-3 anti-tank hand grenades were successfully used against lightly armored U.S. Humvees, Strykers and MRAPs leading to countermeasures such the fitting of "slat" armor or "bird cage" armor to cause any antitank grenade to detonate early.
Less than lethal.
Stun.
A stun grenade, also known as a "flash grenade" or a "flashbang", is a non-lethal weapon. The first devices like this were created in the 1960s at the order of the British Special Air Service as an incapacitant.
It is designed to produce a blinding flash of light and loud noise without causing permanent injury. The flash produced momentarily activates all light sensitive cells in the eye, making vision impossible for approximately five seconds, until the eye restores itself to its normal, unstimulated state. The loud blast causes temporary loss of hearing, and also disturbs the fluid in the ear, causing loss of balance.
These grenades are designed to temporarily neutralize the combat effectiveness of enemies by disorienting their senses.
When detonated, the fuse/grenade body assembly remains intact. The body is a tube with holes along the sides that emit the light and sound of the explosion. The explosion does not cause shrapnel injury, but can still burn. The concussive blast of the detonation can injure and the heat created can ignite flammable materials such as fuel. The fires that occurred during the Iranian Embassy Siege in London were caused by stun grenades. The filler consists of about 4.5 grams of a pyrotechnic metal-oxidant mix of magnesium or aluminium and an oxidizer such as ammonium perchlorate or potassium perchlorate.
Sting.
Sting grenades (also called rubber ball grenades or hornet's nest grenades) are based on the design of the fragmentation grenade. But instead of using a metal casing to produce shrapnel, they are made from two spheres of hard rubber. The smaller, inner sphere houses the explosive charge, primer, and detonator, and the outer sphere is the grenade casing. The space between the two spheres is filled with many small, hard rubber balls. Upon detonation the rubber balls explode outward in all directions, each one capable of inflicting a painful stinging impact. The balls bounce off hard surfaces so can appear to come from all sides, and can thus be likened to a swarm of hornets. Any people in the way will receive a series of fast, painful stings. The subject is forced to take cover from the blunt force of the projectiles. Some types have an additional payload of chemical agents like CS gas.
The advantages compared to a flashbang are:
This makes sting grenades ideal for containing small groups of rowdy prisoners, providing a shooting opportunity when a suspect is hiding behind cover, or in allowing SWAT teams to clear small rooms.
A disadvantage of using sting grenades is that they are not sure to incapacitate a subject, so they are dangerous to use with armed subjects. This is because sting grenades rely on the body's reaction to adverse stimuli (pain and blunt force trauma) rather than denial of sensory input. A person with sufficient mental focus can concentrate enough to ignore being hit by a sting grenade's payload, whereas a stun grenade will physically affect vision and sense of orientation. The effective range of a sting grenade is limited compared to a stun grenade. In addition, there is the risk of serious physical injury as the target is being pelted with actual objects capable of inflicting harm, and not just being deafened/blinded. While another disadvantage is that the flash grenade stuns in the direction a person is facing it 360 degrees, the sting however could only incapacitate if hit indicating a way the rubber objects can be dodged by movement or blocked with armour.
Sting grenades are sometimes called "stinger grenades," which is a genericized trademark as "Stinger" is trademarked by Defense Technology for its own line of sting grenades.
Impact stun.
A more recent development is the "blank-firing impact grenade" (BFIG). Preferred in many situations, especially training, for two main reasons; they are re-usable, and therefore more economical, because the charge is a standard ammunition blank, and they are subject to very few transport restrictions when unloaded. The BFIG contains a mechanism to fire a blank cartridge when dropped at any angle onto a hard surface from a height of a metre or more. Firing will occur in any combination of positions only on impact.
Chemical and gas grenades.
Chemical and gas grenades include smoke grenades and incendiary grenades. Unlike explosive grenades, chemical and gas grenades are designed to burn or to release a gas, not to explode.
Smoke.
Smoke grenades are used as ground-to-ground or ground-to-air signalling devices, target or landing zone marking devices, and screening devices for unit movement. The body is a sheet-steel cylinder with emission holes in the top and bottom. These allow the smoke to be released when the grenade is ignited. Two main types exist: coloured smoke (for signaling) and screening smoke. In coloured smoke grenades, the filler consists of 250 to 350 grams of coloured smoke mixture (mostly potassium chlorate, lactose and a dye). Screening smoke grenades usually contain HC (hexachloroethane/zinc) smoke mixture or TA (terephthalic acid) smoke mixture. HC smoke is harmful to breathe, since it contains hydrochloric acid. Whilst not intended as a primary effect, these grenades can generate enough heat to scald or burn unprotected skin, and the spent casing should not be touched until it has cooled.
Riot control.
Tear gas grenades are similar to smoke grenades in terms of shape and operation. In tear gas grenades the filler is generally 80 to 120 grams of CS gas combined with a pyrotechnic composition which burns to generate an aerosol of CS-laden smoke. This causes extreme irritation to the eyes and, if inhaled, to the nose and throat. (See also the Waco Siege). Occasionally CR gas is used instead of CS.
Incendiary.
Incendiary grenades (or thermite grenades) produce intense heat by means of a chemical reaction. Greek Fire could be considered the earliest form of an incendiary grenade, which could be lit on fire and thrown in breakable pottery. The weapon was first used by the Byzantines.
Modern incendiary grenades (or thermite grenades) produce intense heat by means of a chemical reaction. The body is practically the same as that of a smoke grenade. The filler is 600 to 800 grams of thermate, which is an improved version of World War II-era thermite. The chemical reaction that produces the heat is called a "thermite reaction". In this reaction, powdered aluminium metal and iron oxide react to produce a stream of molten iron and aluminium oxide. This reaction produces a tremendous amount of heat, burning at . This makes incendiary grenades useful for destroying weapons caches, artillery, and vehicles. Other advantages include its ability to function without an external oxygen source, allowing it to burn underwater. Because they are not intended to be thrown, thermite incendiary grenades generally have a shorter delay fuse than other grenades (e.g. two seconds).
White phosphorus (also used in smoke grenades; see above) can also be used as an incendiary agent. It burns at a temperature of . White phosphorus was notably used in the No 76 Special Incendiary Grenade by the British Home Guard during World War II.
Thermite and white phosphorus cause some of the worst and most painful burn injuries because they burn so quickly and at such a high temperature. In addition, white phosphorus is very poisonous: a dose of 50-100 milligrams is lethal to the average human.
Molotov cocktail.
The Molotov cocktail is an improvised incendiary grenade prepared from a glass bottle filled with gasoline (petrol) ignited by an attached burning strip of cloth when the thrown bottle bursts against its target. The Molotov cocktail received its name during the Soviet invasion of Finland in 1939 Winter War, but had been in use earlier in the decade when used by Franco's troops during the Spanish Civil War. The name originated from Finnish troops during the Winter War. It was named after former Soviet foreign minister Vyacheslav Molotov whom they deemed responsible for the war, and a humorous reference to the Soviet bombs known as "Molotov bread baskets" in Finland.
History.
Byzantine Empire.
The first incendiary grenades appeared in the Eastern Roman (Byzantine) Empire, not long after the reign of Leo III (717-741). Byzantine soldiers learned that Greek fire, a Byzantine invention of the previous century, could not only be thrown by flamethrowers at the enemy, but also in stone and ceramic jars. Later, glass containers were employed. Byzantine hand grenades with Greek fire in the 10th to 12th centuries are on display in the National Museum at Athens. The use of Greek fire, or rather variants thereof, spread to Muslim armies in the Near East, from where it reached China by the 10th century.
China.
In China during the Song Dynasty (960–1279AD), weapons known as Zhen Tian Lei (震天雷, "Sky-shaking Thunder") were created when Chinese soldiers packed gunpowder into ceramic or metal containers. In 1044, a military book "Wujing Zongyao" ("Compilation of Military Classics") described various gunpowder recipes in which one can find, according to Joseph Needham, the prototype of the modern hand grenade.
The first cast iron bombshells and grenades did not appear in Europe until 1467. Within a couple centuries of this, the Chinese had discovered the explosive potential of packing hollowed cannonball shells with gunpowder. Written later by Jiao Yu (焦玉) in the mid-14th-century book of the "Huolongjing (火龙经, "Fire Drake Manual")", this manuscript recorded an earlier Song-era cast iron cannon known as the "flying-cloud thunderclap cannon" (飞云霹雳炮; feiyun pili pao). The manuscript stated that (Needham's modified Wade-Giles spelling):
This text of the "Huolongjing" was also important for the understanding of the Chinese hand grenade in the 14th century, as it provided much more detailed descriptions and even printed illustrations of the grenade bombs used.
Europe.
In 1643, it is possible that "Grenados" were thrown amongst the Welsh at Holt Bridge during the English Civil War. The word "grenade" originated in the Glorious Revolution (1688), where cricket ball-sized iron spheres packed with gunpowder and fitted with slow-burning wicks were first used against the Jacobites in the battles of Killiecrankie and Glen Shiel. These grenades were not very effective (probably because a direct hit would be necessary for the grenade to have effect) and, as a result, saw little use.
However, trench warfare favored the grenade. In a letter to his sister, Colonel Hugh Robert Hibbert, described an improvised grenade employed during the Crimea War (1854–1856):
The modern hand grenade was patented by Sergeant, First lieutenant and Officer Nils Waltersen Aasen in 1906 in Norway. In 1916 he was appointed a Knight of the French Legion of honor for the invention. He began his experiments with developing a grenade while serving as a sergeant in the Oscarsborg Fortress. The work was encouraged by the commandant of Oscarsborg, former Defence Minister Georg Stang, who was eager for strengthening and modernization of the armed forces with a view to a possible future conflict with Sweden. Aasen formed the "Aasenske Granatkompani" in Denmark which before the First World War produced and exported hand grenade in large numbers across Europe.
American Civil War.
In the American Civil War, both sides used hand grenades equipped with a plunger that detonated the device upon impact. The North relied on experimental Ketchum Grenades, with a tail to ensure the nose would strike the target and start the fuse. The Confederacy used spherical hand grenades that weighed about six pounds, sometimes with a paper fuse. They also used Rains and Adams grenades, which were similar to the Ketchum in appearance and mechanism.
1900s.
One of the first widely used percussion hand grenades was designed about 1903 by a colonel of the Serbian army, Miloš Vasić. In 1912, Colonel Vasić further redesigned his hand grenade into "Vasić" M.12 model. They were adopted by the Serbian army in 1912, just in time to be used in the 1st and 2nd Balkan War (1912–1913) and extensively used by Serbian infantry in World War I. That grenade was popular under name of "Vasićka" (by its designers name), or "Kragujevka" (by its place of manufacture, the military-technical works in Kragujevac, Serbia). The Vasić design was further developed into a series of new hand grenades that lasted until far after the end of World War II.
The most infamous employment of the "Vasić" hand grenade occurred not long before the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand in Sarajevo in 1914, when a conspirator threw one at the Archduke's car. The grenade bounced off and exploded under a following vehicle, wounding about 20 people. Franz Ferdinand and his wife were shot to death by another conspirator later that day. Austro-Hungarian authorities confiscated a couple of "Vasić" grenades from would-be assassins, using them to support accusations that Serbia was a participant in the murderous plot—the act that led to the outbreak of WWI.
World War I.
Early in World War I, both sides only had small grenades of a pre-war design. For example, in Italy, the Besozzi grenade had a five-second fuse with a match-tip that was ignited by striking on a ring on the soldier's hand. As an interim measure, the troops often improvised their own, such as the Jam Tin Grenade. These were replaced when manufactured versions such as the Mills bomb, the first modern fragmentation grenade, became available to British front-line troops.
Mills bomb.
William Mills, a hand grenade designer from Sunderland, patented, developed and manufactured the "Mills bomb" at the Mills Munition Factory in Birmingham, England in 1915, designating it the No.5. It was described as the first "safe grenade." Approximately 75,000,000 grenades were made during World War I. They were explosive-filled steel canisters with a triggering pin and a distinctive deeply notched surface. This segmentation was thought to aid fragmentation and increase the grenade's deadliness. Later research showed that the segmentation did not improve fragmentation. Improved-fragmentation designs would later be made with the notches on the inside, but at the time, this would have been too expensive to produce. The external segmentation of the original Mills bomb was retained, since it did provide a positive grip surface. This basic "pin-and-pineapple" design is still used in some modern grenades. On the other hand, the U.S. M67 fragmentation grenade has a smooth exterior, which is more suitable for being rolled or for throwing in a flat arc.The Mills bomb underwent numerous modifications. The No. 23 was a variant of the No. 5 with a rodded base plug which allowed it to be fired from a rifle. This concept evolved further with the No. 36, a variant with a detachable base plate to allow use with a rifle discharger cup. The final variation of the Mills bomb, the No. 36M, was specially designed and waterproofed with shellac for use initially in the hot climate of Mesopotamia in 1917, but remained in production for many years. By 1918 the No. 5 and No. 23 were declared obsolete and the No. 36 (but not the 36M) followed in 1932.
The Mills was a classic design; a grooved cast iron "pineapple" with a central striker held by a close hand lever and secured with a pin. According to Mills' notes the casing was grooved to make it easier to grip and not as an aid to fragmentation, and in practice it has been demonstrated that it does not shatter along the segmented lines. The Mills was a defensive grenade: after throwing the user had to take cover immediately. A competent thrower could manage 15 metres (49 feet) with reasonable accuracy, but the grenade could throw lethal fragments farther than this. The British Home Guard were instructed that throwing range of the No. 36 was about 30 yards with a danger area of about 100 yds.
At first the grenade was fitted with a seven-second fuse, but during combat in the Battle of France in 1940 this delay proved too long—giving defenders time to escape the explosion, or even to throw the grenade back—and was reduced to four seconds.
The heavy, segmented bodies of "pineapple" type grenades result in an unpredictable pattern of fragmentation. After the Second World War Britain adopted grenades that contained segmented coiled wire in smooth metal casings. The No. 36M Mk.I remained the standard grenade of the British Armed Forces and was manufactured in the UK until 1972, when it was completely replaced by the L2 series. The 36M remained in service in some parts of the world such as India and Pakistan, where it was manufactured until the early 1980s. Mills bombs were still being used in combat as recently as 2004 e.g. the incident which killed US Marine Jason Dunham and wounded two of his comrades
George Orwell in "Homage to Catalonia" used the word “bomb” to denote hand grenades used during 1936-37 trench warfare when he was a militia soldier in the Spanish Civil War. He noted their similarity to the "Mills bomb" above. Only once did he use the word “hand-grenade"—describing street fighting in Barcelona, May 1937: 
German stick grenade.
The German Model 24 "Stielhandgranate" stick grenade was introduced in 1915 and the design developed throughout World War I. A friction igniter was used; this method was uncommon in other countries but widely used for German grenades.
A pull cord ran down the hollow handle from the detonator within the explosive head, terminating in a porcelain ball held in place by a detachable base closing cap. To use the grenade, the base cap was unscrewed, permitting the ball and cord to fall out. Pulling the cord dragged a roughened steel rod through the igniter, causing it to flare-up and start the five-second fuse burning. This simple design continued to evolve throughout the First and Second World Wars, with the Model 24 grenade (popularly known as the "potato masher") becoming one of the most easily recognized of all small arms, and synonymous with the German soldier.
World War II.
During World War II, the United Kingdom used incendiary grenades based on white phosphorus. One model, the No. 76 Special Incendiary Grenade, was mainly issued to the Home Guard as an anti-tank weapon. It was produced in vast numbers; by August 1941 well over 6,000,000 had been manufactured.
The grenade could either be thrown by hand, or fired from the Northover projector, a simple mortar; a stronger container was needed for the latter and the two types were colour-coded. As any breakage of the flask would be dangerous, storage under water was recommended.
Design.
Detonation mechanism.
Impact.
Examples of grenades fitted with impact fuses are the German M1913 and M1915 Diskushandgranate, and any British grenade fitted with the "Allways" fuse such as the No 69 grenade, No 77 grenade and No 82 grenade (Gammon bomb).
Timed fuse.
In a timed fuse grenade, the fuse is ignited upon release of the safety lever. Timed fuse grenades are generally preferred to hand-thrown percussion grenades because their fusing mechanisms are safer and more robust than those used in percussion grenades.
Manufacturing.
Modern manufacturers of hand grenades include:
Using grenades.
A classic hand grenade has a safety handle or lever (known in the US forces as the spoon) and a removable safety pin that prevents the handle from being released. Some grenade types also have a safety clip to further prevent the handle from coming off in transit.
To use a grenade, the soldier grips it with the throwing hand, ensuring that his thumb holds the safety lever in place. Left-handed soldiers are advised to invert the grenade, so the thumb is still the digit that holds the safety lever. The soldier then grabs the safety pin's pull ring with the index or middle finger of the other hand and removes it. He then throws the grenade towards the target. Soldiers are trained to throw grenades in standing, prone-to-standing, kneeling, prone-to-kneeling, and alternate prone positions and in under- or side-arm throws. If the grenade is thrown from a standing position the thrower must then immediately seek cover or lie prone if no cover is nearby.
Once the soldier throws the grenade, the safety lever releases, the striker throws the safety lever away from the grenade body as it rotates to detonate the primer. The primer explodes and ignites the fuse (sometimes called the delay element). The fuse burns down to the detonator, which explodes the main charge.
When using an antipersonnel grenade, the objective is to have the grenade explode so that the target is within its effective radius. The M67 frag grenade has an advertised effective kill zone of five meter radius, while the casualty-inducing radius is approximately fifteen meters. Within this range, people are generally injured badly enough to effectively render them harmless. However, these ranges only indicate the area where a target is virtually certain to be incapacitated; individual fragments can still cause injuries as far as 230 meters away.
"Cooking" is a term referring to intentionally holding onto an armed grenade after the pin has been pulled and the handle released; allowing the fuse to burn partially to decrease the time to detonation after throwing. This technique is used to reduce the ability of the enemy to take cover or throw the grenade back. It is also used to allow the grenade to burst in the air over defensive positions. This technique is inherently dangerous, since fuses may vary from grenade to grenade. Because of this the U.S. Marines (MCWP 3-35) describe cooking as the "least preferred technique," recommending a "hard throw, skip/bounce technique" to prevent an enemy returning a grenade.
A call is usually given upon deploying a grenade, to warn friendly forces. Some yells, such as "frag out" or "fire in the hole", signal that a grenade has been deployed. In any instance the purpose is to warn fellow soldiers to take cover. In the U.S.M.C. when a grenade is dropped into an enclosed space like a tunnel, room, or trench, the person dropping the grenade yells "fire in the hole" to warn that an explosion is about to occur. U.S. military procedure includes calling "frag out" to indicate that a fragmentation grenade has been deployed.
Grenades have often used in the field to construct booby traps, using some action of the intended target (such as opening a door, or starting a car) to trigger the grenade. These grenade-based booby traps are simple to construct in the field as long as instant fuzes are available, a delay in detonation can allow the intended target to take cover. The most basic technique involves wedging a grenade in a tight spot so the safety lever does not leave the grenade when the pin is pulled. A string is then tied from the head assembly to another stationary object. When a soldier steps on the string, the grenade is pulled out of the narrow passageway, the safety lever is released, and the grenade detonates.
Abandoned booby traps and discarded grenades contribute to the problem of UXO. The use of target triggered grenades and AP mines is banned to the signatories of the Ottawa Treaty and may be treated as a war crime wherever it is ratified. Many countries including India, the People's Republic of China, Russia, and the United States have not signed the treaty citing self-defense needs.
Grenades have also been made to release smoke, tear gas and other gases, as well as illumination. stun grenades are often used to disorient people during entry into a room, especially where hostages or non-combatants may be present.
Some grenades are designed to be thrown longer distances. The German "potato-masher" grenade had a long wooden handle that extended its range by fifty percent. The potato-masher was fired by a friction igniter in the head, activated by a pull string threaded through the hollow handle. Immediately before throwing the grenade, the soldier pulled a small porcelain ball at the end of a string attached to the friction igniter. This started the time fuse, which fired the detonator after a delay. The potato-masher is often incorrectly thought to have had an impact fuse. It did not, but the superficially similar British stick grenade design of 1908 did.
Grenades as ornamentation.
Stylized pictures of early grenades, emitting a flame, are used as ornaments on military uniforms, particularly in Britain, France (esp. French Gendarmerie and the French Army), and Italy (Carabinieri). Fusilier regiments in the British and Commonwealth tradition (e.g., the Princess Louise Fusiliers, Canadian Army) wear a cap-badge depicting flaming grenade, reflecting their historic use of grenades in the assault. The British Grenadier Guards took their name and cap badge of a burning grenade from repelling an attack of French Grenadiers at Waterloo. The Spanish artillery arm uses a flaming grenade as its badge. The flag of the Russian Ground Forces also bears a flaming grenade device. The branch insignia of the U.S. Army Ordnance Corps also uses this symbol, the grenade being symbolic of explosive ordnance in general. The United States Marine Corps uses the grenade as part of the insignia for one officer rank and one Staff NCO rank on their uniforms. Chief Warrant Officers designated as a Marine Gunner replace the rank insignia worn on the left collar with a "Bursting Bomb" and a larger "Bursting Bomb" insignia is worn 3/4" above the rank insignia on both shoulder epaulets when a coat is worn. Additionally, the rank insignia for Master Gunnery Sergeant has three chevrons pointing up, with four rockers on the bottom. In the middle of this is a bursting bomb, or grenade. U.S. Navy Aviation Ordnanceman's rating badge features a winged device of similar design. Ukrainian mechanized infantry and engineers use a flaming grenade in their branch insignia. The Finnish Army Corps of Engineers' emblem consists of a stick hand grenade (symbolizing demolition) and a shovel (symbolizing construction) in saltire.

</doc>
<doc id="20353389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353389" title="Hidemasa Sano">
Hidemasa Sano

Major achievements.
2006 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships
2007 World Aquatics Championships
Personal bests.
In long course
In short course

</doc>
<doc id="20353419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353419" title="1949 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1949 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1949 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1949-1950. The Buckeyes compiled a 7–1–2 record, including the 1950 Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California, where they won 17–14 against the California Golden Bears. Outscored opponents 207-136. Fesler at 0-2-1 vs Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20353422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353422" title="Rottara Rottara">
Rottara Rottara

The single was released on November 12, 2008 in Japan under the Pony Canyon label in two different versions; the regular edition only included a CD while the limited edition also included a DVD.
The Single V DVD of the single was released on December 3, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20353435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353435" title="John Millen (Australian politician)">
John Millen (Australian politician)

John Dunlop Millen (1877 – 1 August 1941) was an Irish-born Australian politician. Born in Derry, he migrated to Australia as a child and was educated at the University of Sydney, becoming an engineer and mine manager in Tasmania. In 1919, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Nationalist Senator for Tasmania. In 1931, the Nationalist Party became the United Australia Party, which Millen duly joined. He held his Senate seat until 1937, when he was defeated. He became a company director, and died in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="20353438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353438" title="Jamie Carroll">
Jamie Carroll

Jamie Carroll (born October 25, 1983) is an American professional ice hockey player who plays right wing. He has played for the Rockford IceHogs, the Port Huron IceHawks, and the Bloomington PrairieThunder. On May 20, 2010 it was announced that Carroll had signed as a free agent with the Newcastle Vipers of the British Elite Ice Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20353452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353452" title="Hideo Azuma">
Hideo Azuma

Beginning in 1978, his works began appearing almost exclusively in smaller niche magazines such as "Bessatsu Kisōten", including works like "Fujōri Nikki". In 1979, Azuma published his lolicon manga "White Cybele", the first manga of its kind in Japan. He has since been called the "father of lolicon". From there, he began publishing in magazines such as "Shōjo Alice", becoming a fixture in the pornographic lolicon manga business and becoming very involved in otaku culture. 
In late 1980s and into the 1990s, due to stress from his hectic and demanding schedule during 20 years (to that point) as a manga artist, Azuma began drinking heavily, disappeared twice for several months to over a year, attempted suicide at least once, and was finally forcibly committed to an alcohol rehabilitation program. He published in 2005 a manga journal of this experience titled "Disappearance Diary". In addition to being published in Japan, this book has been licensed and published in English, French, Spanish, German and Polish.
His name is also sometimes romanized Hideo Aduma.
Brief history.
Early years.
While attending Hokkaidō Urahoro High School, Azuma participated in the Hokkaidō branch office of "COM", along with other artists such as Monkey Punch and Fumiko Okada. In 1968, after graduating from high school, he moved to Tokyo and found employment with Toppan Printing. He left this job after three months to work as an assistant to manga artist Rentarō Itai, where he did uncredited work for "Weekly Shōnen Sunday" on series such as "Mini Mini Manga". 
Azuma made his professional debut in 1969 in "Manga Ō" with his work "Ringside Crazy". The following year he quit working as an assistant and doing his own work. He gradually expanded his work to include both shōjo and seinen manga. His first works tended to be light gag manga, though he began to include science fiction elements influenced by his being a fan of the New Hollywood movement in American film. It was during this period that he experimented a lot with one panel manga (as opposed to four panel).
Beginning in 1972, Azuma began rising in popularity due to the off-color humor in his "Weekly Shōnen Champion" series "Futari to 5-nin". He also married his assistant the same year, with whom he had a girl in 1980 and a boy in 1983. His wife was credited as "Assistant A" in his works, and his daughter and son were respectively credited as "Assistant B" and "Assistant C".
Boom period.
Azuma began serializing in 1975 his story "Yakekuso Tenshi" in the semimonthly manga magazine "Play Comic". He also began publishing science fiction themed works in many different niche magazines such as "Kisō Tengai" and "Peke". Azuma, together with Jun Ishikawa, is considered part of the manga creators in the 1970s. Due to works such as science fiction novel parody "Fujōri Nikki", published in "Bessatsu Kisō Tengai" in 1978, Azuma began to gain a large following among science fiction fans. "Fujōri Nikki" was awarded the 1979 Seiun Award for Best Comic of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="20353464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353464" title="1948 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1948 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1948 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1948-1949. The Buckeyes compiled a 6–3 record but still failed to beat Michigan. OSU outscored opponents 184-94.

</doc>
<doc id="20353487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353487" title="Pat Dealy">
Pat Dealy

Patrick E. Dealy (November 12, 1861 – December 16, 1924) was a Major League Baseball player. He played all or part of five seasons in the majors between and . He debuted with the St. Paul Saints of the Union Association in 1884 as their backup catcher, which was his primary position throughout his career (he also played substantial numbers of games at shortstop, third base, and the outfield). He then played three seasons in the National League, with the Boston Beaneaters in 1885 and 1886 and Washington Nationals in 1887. His final season came with the Syracuse Stars of the American Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20353492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353492" title="1947 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1947 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1947 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1947-1948. The Buckeyes compiled a 2–6–1 record, failing again to beat Michigan. They got outscored 60-150.

</doc>
<doc id="20353529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353529" title="1946 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1946 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1946 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1946-1947. In Paul Bixler's first and last season, the Buckeyes compiled a 4–3–2 record and got outscored 166-170. Bixler lost to Michigan in this season (0-1).

</doc>
<doc id="20353534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353534" title="Missale Romanum Glagolitice">
Missale Romanum Glagolitice

Missale Romanum Glagolitice () is a Croatian language missal and incunabula printed in 1483. It is written in Glagolitic script and is the first printed Croatian book. It is the first missal in Europe not published in Latin script. Its "editio princeps", unique in the achieved typographic artistry, was published only 28 years after the Gutenberg bible's 42-lines, bears witness of high cultural attainment and maturity of Croatian Glagolites and Croatian mediaeval literature.
It is written in the Croatian recension of Church Slavonic and printed in Croatian angular Glagolitic. It has 440 pp, in format 19x26 cm. Its principal model in terms of subject and equivalent Glagolitic letters is thought the be the famous codex "Misal kneza Novaka" ("Prince Novak's Missal"), from 1368. Paleographic and linguistic analysis of the text revealed that the first printed Croatian books was edited by the Croats from Istria. The Missal rituals strictly follow the Latin Editio princeps (Milan, 1474) with slight differences in the order of some rituals.
Date of the printing (22 February 1483) is shown in the colophon, but the place of printing of still remains to be identified. According to some researchers, it was printed in Venice, but recent research assume suggests that it might have been printed in Kosinj in the Lika region.
Eleven incomplete copies and six fragments have been preserved, five of which are held in Zagreb: two in the National and University Library, and two in the library of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts. The Franciscan monastery in Zagreb and the Dominican monastery on the island of Brač have one copy each. The other five copies are kept in the Library of Congress in Washington, in the Russian National Library in St. Petersburg, in the Austrian National Library in Vienna and in the Vatican Library (two copies).

</doc>
<doc id="20353559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353559" title="Leah Landrum Taylor">
Leah Landrum Taylor

Leah Landrum Taylor is a Democratic politician. She has served as an Arizona State Senator for District 16 since 2006. Prior to serving as a state senator, she was a member of the Arizona House of Representatives from 1999 through 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20353565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353565" title="Gifford's Ice Cream &amp; Candy Co.">
Gifford's Ice Cream &amp; Candy Co.

Gifford's is a brand of ice cream manufactured and sold in the Washington, D.C., area. It is known for using natural ingredients including viscosity modifiers such as guar gum and seaweed-derived carrageenan and having a high butterfat content.
History.
Gifford's Ice Cream & Candy Co. was founded in 1938 by John Nash Gifford. In the same year, he opened the first Gifford's on Georgia Avenue in Silver Spring, Maryland, where he sold his six original ice cream flavors. In 1940, he opened a second location on Wisconsin Avenue in Bethesda. Until 1985, all Gifford's locations were large, old-fashioned ice cream parlors. John Gifford served as the company's president until his death in 1976, when the business was passed on to his son, Robert Gifford.
In 1984, Gifford's filed for bankruptcy protection due to approximately $200,000 of debt. In 1985, a Baltimore bankruptcy judge ruled to liquidate the company's assets to pay an estimated $350,000 debt. At that time, the Gifford's name, logo, and recipes were purchased for $1,500.
In 1986 or 1987, Dolly Hunt and her son, James, bought the rights to the company and opened a new Gifford's on Wisconsin Avenue, which had its official opening on July 4, 1989. In July 2006, a new factory was opened.
The company was sold in March 2010, and split into two parts, wholesale and retail. Due to much bickering and lawsuits, all the retail locations are closed.
Distribution.
Select flavors of Gifford's ice cream is sold in pint containers in area specialty food stores, including Whole Foods Market and Harris Teeter. As of August 2006, more than 70 restaurants in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area serve Gifford's ice cream. Beginning in 2008, Gifford's was added as a concession at Nationals Park. This was replaced by Breyers in 2011.
References.
Article

</doc>
<doc id="20353571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353571" title="Herbert Payne">
Herbert Payne

Herbert James Mockford Payne (17 August 1866 – 26 February 1944) was an Australian politician. Born in Hobart, Tasmania, he was educated at state schools before becoming an investor and grazier. In 1903, he was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly for Burnie, transferring to Darwin in 1909. He was Treasurer, Minister for Agriculture and Minister for Railways 1912-1914. In 1919, he left the Assembly and was elected to the Australian Senate as a Nationalist Senator for Tasmania. In 1931, together with the rest of his party, he joined the United Australia Party. He held his seat until his defeat in 1937. Payne died in 1944.
Compulsory voting.
Payne's lasting legacy to the Australian political system was his Private Senator's Bill proposing the introduction of compulsory voting at Commonwealth elections. He felt some action was required following the record low voter turnout (59.38%) at the 1922 federal election. However, neither the government nor the opposition had compulsory voting on their platforms. Senator Payne introduced the "Commonwealth Electoral Bill 1924" on 16 July 1924, and it was passed with little debate. The House of Representatives agreed to it in less than an hour, and in neither house was a division required, hence no votes were recorded against the bill. It received Royal Assent on 31 July 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="20353572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353572" title="Ionian School (music)">
Ionian School (music)

The term Ionian (or Heptanese) School of Music (Greek: Επτανησιακή Σχολή, literally: Seven Islands' School) denotes the musical production of a group of Heptanesian composers, whose heyday was from the early 19th century till approximately the 1950s. Conventionally, it is divided in two periods: the First Generation (Πρὠτη Γενιά) from 1815, till the end of the 1860s, and the Second Generation (Δεύτερη Γενιά) from 1871 and onwards. Prominent representatives of this genre include Nikolaos Mantzaros, Spyridon Xyndas, Spyridon Samaras, Pavlos Carrer and Dionysios Lavrangas.
The Music Museum of the Philharmonic Society of Corfu has in its collections several scores by these and other 19th and 20th century Ionian composers.
History.
The major inspiration for the Ionian School was considered to be the Italian musical tradition. However, as late as 1820s composers from Ionian Islands succeeded in shaping their own path towards 'national music' initially by using the Greek vernacular language, and later by incorporating folkore elements both from the local tradition and from that of mainland Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="20353594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353594" title="Obconic">
Obconic

In botany, an obconic is an inverted cone shape. The term is most frequently applied to certain fruit or hypanthium structures with the apical end attached to the stem; however, less frequently the usage may apply to the pistil structure. In the case of fungi the designation is often made to the ascospore. The use of "obconic" in botany dates to at least as early as the nineteenth century; however, some modern usage applies to an entire plant form, such as the shape of a whole shrub. More broadly, in geometry or design, the term can be assigned in an abstract manner to shapes in the natural or man-made world which show an inverted cone design.
Botanical examples.
The carnivorous plant "Nepenthes deaniana" has pitcher elements that are obconic in shape to capture insects. The hypanthium of the western USA plant "Heuchera rubescens" has one subspecies with an obconic structure, while several other subspecies have alternative hypantium geometries, so that the obconic characteristic is a subspecies determinant and diagnostic. The hypanthium of the Toyon shrub is also generally obconic in shape. The Asian tree "Eriobotrya latifolia" and several other species within the genus "Eriobotrya" have an obconic calyx, although some individuals manifest clavate calices. The basal portion of the pistil of "Pachypodium baronii exhibits the obconic structural design.
As a fungal example the species "Pocillum cesatii" is noted to have an obconic ascospore.
Etymology and historical usage.
The derivation of the word "obconic" is based upon the Greek with the common prefix "ob", meaning "inverted", and the Greek word for angle "gon" or "gonia", followed by the generic suffix "ic". Historically botanists have used the designation "obconic" to describe elements of a plant such as the fruit, hypanthium, calyx or pistil base since at least as early as the nineteenth century, and in modern times the term has been generalized to also refer to an entire plant architectural shape.

</doc>
<doc id="20353612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353612" title="1945 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1945 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1945 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1945-1946. The Buckeyes compiled a 7–2 record and outscored opponents 194-71. In Widdoe's tenure at OSU, he went 16-2 and won one Big Ten Championship and an uncounted National Championship. He also went 1-1 versus Michigan.
Game notes.
Pitt.
Statistics

</doc>
<doc id="20353636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353636" title="MV Empire Abercorn">
MV Empire Abercorn

MV "Empire Abercorn" was a cargo and passenger ship built in 1944 and in service until 1971. She was also known as MV "Rakaia".
History.
"Empire Abercorn" was built by Harland & Wolff, Belfast for the MoWT and was initially managed by the New Zealand Shipping Co, London. She was sold to the New Zealand Shipping Co in 1946 and renamed "Rakaia". In 1950, "Rakaia" was converted to a cadet training ship, and the accommodation reduced from 45 passengers to 40 cadets. Her first voyage in this role started on 10 June 1950. On 16 February 1955, a dockside fire at Wellington, New Zealand threatened to spread to "Arawa", "Port Pirie", "Rakaia", and "Rangitoto".
On 16 October 1957, on a voyage between New York and Liverpool, No.8 piston rod in the engine snapped. The ship was about off Halifax at the time. The weather deteriorated, and the ship was rolling, making repairs difficult. To stabilize "Rakaia", it was decided to jury rig a set of sails. Tarpaulin sails were made from hatch covers. Two square sails and one staysail were erected, giving approximately of sail. The engine was reduced from eight to six cylinders, running at a maximum of 50 rpm; it took eleven days to reach Liverpool.
On 28 December 1966, "Rakaia" was sold to the Federal Steam Navigation Co, remaining under the management of the New Zealand Shipping Co. Her last voyage as a cadet training ship ended on 28 March 1968. "Rakaia" was sold to the Lee Sing Company, Hong Kong in August 1971 for scrapping.
Engine and generators.
"Empire Abercorn" had an eight-cylinder, two-cycle double-acting diesel engine built by Harland & Wolff. It produced 7,500 hp at 115 rpm. Normal operating speed about 101.2 rpm, giving a fuel consumption of 28 tons per day.
"Empire Abercorn" had four main generators and one auxiliary generator. The main generators were "Harlandics", built by Harland and Wolff. They were powered by six-cylinder diesel engines of producing 250 kW each ; the auxiliary generator was powered by a three-cylinder diesel engine of producing 15 kW, voltage was 220 volts.
Official number and code letters.
Official numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Empire Abercorn" had the UK Official number 166215. "Empire Abercorn" used the Code Letters GFGW. Towards the end of her life, "Rakaia" was given IMO Number 5289481.

</doc>
<doc id="20353657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353657" title="Oul">
Oul

Oul (Czech for 'beehive') was a workers mutual aid society, founded in Prague 1868 by the Old Czech politician and economist František Ladislav Chleborád. The organization was inspired by the ideas of Herman Schulz-Delitzsch from Germany. The Czech mutual aid, or self-help, movement spread outside of Prague and was also established in the Brno and Liberec areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20353674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353674" title="1906 Paraguayan Primera División season">
1906 Paraguayan Primera División season

The following article presents a summary of the 1906 football (soccer) season in Paraguay.
Overview.
Shortly after the foundation of the governing body of football, the Liga Paraguaya de Fútbol (known today as Asociación Paraguaya de Fútbol) on June 18, the first championship was organized with the participation of the five original founding clubs and Club 14 de Mayo. The first match was played on July 8 between Olimpia and Guaraní, resulting in a 1-1 tie.
Salvador Melián of Guaraní has the honor of being the first scorer in Paraguayan league history, while Miguel Díaz of Olimpia was the second scorer in the 1-1 tie match.
Liga Paraguaya results.
Guaraní was the first Paraguayan champion. The tournament was played between six teams in a two round all-play-all system, being the team with the most points at the end of the two rounds the champion. Guaraní played 10 games, winning 8, drawing 2 and not losing any of them. 

</doc>
<doc id="20353676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353676" title="Willie Evans">
Willie Evans

Willie Evans may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20353687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353687" title="Syracuse Braves">
Syracuse Braves

The Syracuse Braves were a professional American football team that competed in the second American Football League in 1936 and 1937. Coached by Don Irwin and Red Badgro, the Braves played in Municipal Stadium, which had a capacity of only about 10,000 people. The team was not a strong draw as it lost its first five games, prompting a search for a new home, including Providence, Rhode Island, before settling upon a move to Rochester.
On October 25, 1936, a 16-7 victory over the Boston Shamrocks in Fenway Park provided the franchise its first win in its last game as the Syracuse Braves. The following week would see the newly renamed Rochester Braves face the Shamrocks in a rematch in Silver Stadium. The second half was delayed 40 minutes by Braves players demanding back pay. The game was finished; the Braves lost, 13-0; the franchise folded immediately afterward. Coach Don Irwin joined the New York Yankees, while co-coach Red Badgro returned to the NFL's Brooklyn Dodgers to finish the season.
Two weeks later, another AFL team made the trek to Silver Stadium to call it home: the Brooklyn Tigers, having spent most of the 1936 season as a traveling team, became Rochester's third professional football team and continued as the Rochester Tigers in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="20353698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353698" title="John Sturt">
John Sturt

John Sturt (1658–1730) was an English engraver, apprenticed to Robert White. Becoming associated with John Ayres, he engraved the most important of his books on calligraphy. He is popularly known as an illustrator of "The Pilgrim's Progress".
Life.
He was born in London on 6 April 1658, and at the age of seventeen was apprenticed to Robert White, in whose manner he engraved a number of small portraits as frontispieces to books. Sturt at one time kept a drawing school in St. Paul's churchyard in partnership with Bernard Lens II. He died in London, poor, in August 1730.
Works.
Sturt executed the illustrations to many of the religious and artistic publications of the time, including:
He also engraved the "Genealogy of George I", in two sheets, 1714; "Chronological Tables of Europe", 1726; and a plate of the "Seven Bishops", from a calligraphic drawing by Thomas Rodway. Sturt was the inventor of the class of prints known as "medleys", the first of which he published in 1706. His last employment was upon the plates to James Anderson's "Selectus Diplomatum et Numismatum Thesaurus".
In association with John Ayres, Sturt engraved the writing-master's books on calligraphy. He engraved the Lord's Prayer within the space of a silver halfpenny, the Creed in that of a silver penny, and an elegy on Queen Mary so small that it could be inserted in a finger-ring. Sturt's most spectacular production of this kind was the Book of Common Prayer, executed on 188 silver plates, all adorned with borders and vignettes, the frontispiece being a portrait of George I, on which were inscribed, in characters legible only with a magnifying glass, the Creed, the Lord's Prayer, the Commandments, the prayer for the royal family, and the twenty-first psalm. This was published in 1717, and in 1721 he engraved, in a similar manner, the "Orthodox Communicant".

</doc>
<doc id="20353699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353699" title="Will Any Gentleman...?">
Will Any Gentleman...?

Will Any Gentleman...? is a 1953 British comedy film directed by Michael Anderson and starring George Cole, Veronica Hurst, Jon Pertwee and William Hartnell. A young man is hypnotised into leading a more fulfilling life. It was based on a play by Vernon Sylvaine.
Cast.
Sid James, Joan Sims and Peter Butterworth, later to be famous for their roles in the Carry On series, made early appearances in the film. William Hartnell and Jon Pertwee would both go on to star in the BBC science fiction programme "Doctor Who" as the First Doctor and Third Doctor, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20353705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353705" title="The Sound of the Violin in My Lai">
The Sound of the Violin in My Lai

The Sound of the Violin in My Lai (Vietnamese: Tiếng vĩ cầm ở Mỹ Lai) is a short film that examines the history and legacy of the My Lai massacre, an incident of the Vietnam War in which hundreds of Vietnamese civilians were massacred by U.S. Army soldiers. The film investigates the effects of the massacre, with the story centering on the return of American soldiers Hugh Thompson and Larry Colburn to My Lai on the 30th anniversary of the event. 
The film was commissioned by the Vietnamese government. It garnered director Tran Van Thuy the Best Documentary Prize at the Asia Pacific Film Festival in year 2000. 
The violin referenced in the title is that of American Vietnam veteran and peace activist Roy Boehm.

</doc>
<doc id="20353713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353713" title="Napred">
Napred

The Workers Educational Society "Napred" was a socialist organization founded in Slovakia in February 1869. It was under the direct influence of a similar organization in Vienna. "Napred" represented the first emergence of the socialist movement in Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="20353725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353725" title="Meg Burton Cahill">
Meg Burton Cahill

Margaret J. "Meg" Burton Cahill is a Democratic politician. She has served as Arizona State Senator for District 17 since 2006. Earlier she was a member of the Arizona House of Representatives from 2000 through 2006.
Cahill is currently running for Justice of the Peace in the University Lakes Justice Precinct.

</doc>
<doc id="20353733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353733" title="Felix the Cat's Cartoon Toolbox">
Felix the Cat's Cartoon Toolbox

The Felix The Cat Cartoon Toolbox was developed and published by Big Top Productions, Inc. and released in 1994. This CD-ROM application allowed people to create their own Saturday morning cartoons. The software was developed by Big Top and the character Felix the Cat was licensed from Felix the Cat Productions. The characters were based on the 1950s version of Felix with The Professor, Rock Bottom, Poindexter, Master Cylinder and Vavoom.

</doc>
<doc id="20353747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353747" title="Brno Noppeisen">
Brno Noppeisen

Brno Noppeisen was a bilingual workers newspaper issued in Brno in the 1870s. "Brno Noppeisen" was published jointly by German and Czech socialists in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="20353752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353752" title="Saturday Island">
Saturday Island

Saturday Island (also known as Island of Desire) is a 1952 British romantic war film directed by Stuart Heisler and starring Linda Darnell, Tab Hunter, Donald Gray and John Laurie, Lloyd Lamble and Peter Butterworth.
When a hospital ship strikes a mine during the Second World War, the only survivors are Lieutenant Elizabeth Smythe and Corporal Michael Dugan, who become marooned on an island in the South Pacific, where they slowly bond. Their relationship is complicated by the arrival of a third person, a survivor of plane crash.
Reception.
The film earned an estimated $1.5 million at the North American box office in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20353759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353759" title="Northern Light (clipper)">
Northern Light (clipper)

The Northern Light was an American clipper ship. In 1853 she sailed from San Francisco, California to Boston, Massachusetts via Cape Horn with Captain Freeman Hatch at the helm in a record-setting 76 days, 6 hours. The record still stands for a single hull vessel. In 1993 the record was soundly broken by a multi-hull sailing vessel "Great American II" with no cargo. Sailing around Cape Horn (the southernmost tip of South America) is widely regarded as one of the most challenging routes in yachting, due to extreme weather, strong currents, and a historical reputation for mountainous seas and frequent severe storms.
Construction.
The "Northern Light" was designed by Boston-based naval architect Samuel Hartt Pook and built by the Briggs Brothers in South Boston in 1851.
The ship was 1,021 tons register and it measured long, wide, and deep.
1853 voyage.
The "Northern Light" left Boston for San Francisco on October 29, 1852 under the command of Captain Freeman Hatch of Eastham, Massachusetts. The return journey was part of a competition with another clipper, the "Contest", bound for New York.
The "Contest" departed San Francisco for New York on March 12, 1853. The "Northern Light" sailed for Boston the next day. After 38 days the "Northern Light" came within sight of the "Contest" off Cape Horn. The "Northern Light" crew signaled and overtook its rival.
The "Northern Light" reached at Boston Light on May 29, after 76 days, 5 hours, arriving in Boston an hour later, two days ahead of the "Contest's" arrival in New York. It was the shortest run on the San Francisco to Boston passage on record.
It also beat previous around Cape Horn speed records of 84 days and 85 days held by the New York-based "Comet" and "Flying Dutchman" respectively. The "Boston Post" noted the "Northern Light" carried no cargo during the passage. The San Francisco to Boston sailing record by the "Northern Light" still stands for a single hull vessel; that feat, accomplished in a time with no electricity, and few navigation aids, no plastics, no synthetic materials for sails or lines, and neither accurate TV and radio weather forecasts nor accurate charts and GPS systems to demonstrate precise location, is a record that can never be broken. Nevertheless, in 1993 the multi-hull trimaran "Great American II" broke the record and completed the passage in 69 days, 19 hours; she had capsizing off San Francisco on an initial attempt.
Later service.
The "Northern Light" made its first transatlantic voyage in 1861, sailing to Le Havre, France, and departed Le Havre bound for New York on December 25. On January 2, 1862, the ship collided with and sank the French brig "Nouveau St. Jacques".
The "Northern Light" was abandoned at sea.

</doc>
<doc id="20353780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353780" title="1907 Paraguayan Primera División season">
1907 Paraguayan Primera División season

The following article presents a summary of the 1907 football (soccer) season in Paraguay.
Liga Paraguaya results.
The championship was played for the "Copa El Diario", a trophy issued by the newspaper of the same name. It was won again by the previous year's winner, Guaraní.

</doc>
<doc id="20353783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353783" title="2002 SEC Championship Game">
2002 SEC Championship Game

The 2002 SEC Championship Game was won by the Georgia Bulldogs 30-3 over the Arkansas Razorbacks. The game was played in the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia on December 7, 2002 and was televised to a national audience on CBS.
The 2002 championship game was rare in the fact that team in first place in the Western Division did not play in the game. The Alabama Crimson Tide finished with the best SEC record in the Western Division, but could not participate in the conference championship game due to a NCAA probation stipulation which banned the team from any post season play. Instead, the Arkansas Razorbacks who finished in a three way tie for second represented the Western Division after winning the tie breaker over Auburn and LSU. This was not the first time the SEC West leader was excluded from the game. Auburn also finished atop the West in 1993, but was banned from post season play as well by NCAA probation.

</doc>
<doc id="20353804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353804" title="James M. Goggin">
James M. Goggin

James Monroe Goggin (October 23, 1820 – October 10, 1889) was a Confederate States Army major and Assistant Adjutant General during the American Civil War (Civil War). He began his service as a major in the 32nd Virginia Volunteer Infantry Regiment until May 21, 1862. Although he was a staff officer for most of the rest of his war service, he commanded a brigade at the Battle of Cedar Creek on October 13, 1864. On December 4, 1864, he was appointed as a (special) brigadier general. The appointment was soon cancelled and he returned to his duties as a staff officer for Major General Joseph B. Kershaw for the remainder of the war.
Early life and Texas.
James Monroe Goggin was born on October 23, 1820 in Bedford County, Virginia. He was married to Elizabeth Nelson Page.
Goggin entered the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York in the Class of 1842 but left before graduating. After leaving West Point, Goggin relocated to Texas, where he joined the Army of the Republic of Texas as a first lieutenant. Goggin also began purchasing real estate in Waller County, Texas.
In 1848, Goggin moved to California where he took a job establishing mail routes. Goggin then moved to Memphis, Tennessee, where he began working as a cotton broker. He was engaged in this business until the beginning of the Civil War.
Civil War service.
In 1861, Goggin moved back to Virginia, entering the Confederate States Army on July 1, 1861 as a major in the 32nd Virginia Volunteer Infantry Regiment where he was assigned to lead a battalion. Goggin and the 32nd Virginia Infantry served under Maj. Gen. John B. Magruder in 1861 and into 1862 during the Peninsula Campaign. Goggin joined the First Corps, Army of Northern Virginia in April 1862, serving on the staff of Maj. Gen. Lafayette McLaws as his assistant adjutant general. He served in this capacity during all of the First Corps' engagements, in both the Army of Northern Virginia and the Army of Tennessee, until the spring of 1864. During the Battle of Fort Sanders in November 1863, Goggin carried a message from McLaws to Lt. Gen. James Longstreet, informing him that the attack was beginning to fail and it was futile to carry in on. When McLaws was replaced with Maj. Gen. Joseph B. Kershaw in May 1864, Goggin served as his assistant adjutant general as well. His service in this post was highly praised by Goggin's superiors.
On October 13, 1864, during the Battle of Cedar Creek in the Valley Campaigns of 1864, Goggin was given temporary command of Brig. Gen. James Conner's brigade. Conner had lost his left leg in combat earlier that day, and Kershaw assigned Goggin to lead his brigade in the battle at Cedar Creek. On December 4 he was appointed a "special" brigadier general, but this appointment was canceled soon afterwards.
Goggin returned to the staff of Kershaw in December 1864, once again as assistant adjutant general, and served until Goggin, Kershaw, and the rest of the staff were captured on April 6, 1865 at the Battle of Sayler's Creek during the Appomattox Campaign. They were paroled from that location on the same day.
Postbellum.
After the American Civil War ended in 1865, Goggin returned to Texas, initially in the state's Waller County, and then in Austin. James Monroe Goggin died at the age of 68 on October 10, 1889 in Austin, Texas. He was buried in the city's Oakwood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20353807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353807" title="Willie Evans (running back)">
Willie Evans (running back)

Willie Evans was a running back for the University at Buffalo football team in the late 1950s. In 1958, the Buffalo Bulls refused an offer to play Florida State University in the Tangerine Bowl because Evans and backup defensive end Mike Wilson were not welcome to play in Orlando because they were black. After graduation, Evans was drafted by Ralph Wilson for the inaugural season of the American Football League's Buffalo Bills. After his football career, Willie Evans taught in Buffalo area schools for more than 30 years. He coached football, and tennis and swimming, and ran a city parks program for most of that time as well. He currently serves as an adviser for the university's alumni association.

</doc>
<doc id="20353814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353814" title="Glen plaid">
Glen plaid

Glen plaid (short for Glen Urquhart plaid) or Glenurquhart check is a woollen fabric with a woven twill design of small and large checks. It is usually made of black/grey and white, or with more muted colours, particularly with two dark and two light stripes alternate with four dark and four light stripes which creates a crossing pattern of irregular checks. Glen plaid as a woven pattern may be extended to cotton shirting and other non-woollen fabrics.
Name.
The name is taken from the valley of Glenurquhart in Inverness-shire, Scotland, where the checked wool was first used in the 19th century by the New Zealand-born countess of Seafield to outfit her gamekeepers, though the name "glen plaid" does not appear before 1926. Glen plaid is sometimes nicknamed the Prince of Wales check, as it was popularized by the Duke of Windsor when Prince of Wales.
Notable wearers.
Pee-wee Herman is famous for his light grey Glen plaid suit, and US President Ronald Reagan was considered "un-Presidential" in a gray-and-blue glen plaid suit on a European trip in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20353841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353841" title="WNYT">
WNYT

WNYT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20353871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353871" title="Patriarch Euthymius I of Constantinople">
Patriarch Euthymius I of Constantinople

Euthymius I Syncellus (Greek: Πατριάρχης Ευθύμιος Α΄) was the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople from 907 to 912. Formerly a "syncellus", he came to the office after Emperor Leo VI forced Nicholas I Mystikos to resign over Nicholas' refusal to sanction the Emperor's fourth marriage. 
The "Vita Euthymii", or "The Life of Euthymius", along with the correspondence of patriarch Nicholas and the writings of Arethas of Caesarea, is one of the main historical sources for the period.

</doc>
<doc id="20353890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353890" title="Tran Van Thuy">
Tran Van Thuy

Trần Văn Thủy is an acclaimed Vietnamese documentary film director. He has directed over 20 short documentary films.
His work has often proven controversial; his 1987 film "The Story of Kindness or How to Behave", which dealt with the legacy of the Vietnam War and the suffering of the Vietnamese and American people in that conflict, was banned for a time by the Vietnamese government. Nonetheless, his reputation as a gifted filmmaker resulted in the Vietnamese government commissioning him a decade later to create a followup to the film, "The Sound of the Violin in My Lai".
Biography.
Tran Van Thuy was born in 1940 in Nam Dinh, Vietnam. He was educated in cinematography at Vietnam Film School. For five years thereafter he lived as an anthropologist with the nomadic Khu Sung people, until the war broke out. 
After a stint as a combat cameraman, Tran Van Thuy proceed in 1972 to further his cinematographic education at the Moscow Film College under Roman Karmen. Since 1977 he has worked for the Vietnam Central Documentary Film Unit and Vietnam Cinema Association. He has also worked with Britain's Channel 4 and Japan's NHK. 
Tran Van Thuy's films have received widespread acclaim. The honors he has received include the Golden Dove Prize and the Silver Dove Prize at the Dok Leipzig film festival and the Silver Lotus Prize and Best Director Prize at the Vietnam Film Festival. He was awarded the Best Documentary Prize at the Asia Pacific Film Festival in year 2000 for "The Sound of the Violin in My Lai". His other films include "My People, My Village" (1970), "Betrayal" (1979), "Hanoi in One’s Eye" (1982), "The Blind Masters Examining The Elephant" (1990), and "Tolerance for the Dead" (1994).

</doc>
<doc id="20353911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353911" title="Czechoslovak Communist Party in Russia">
Czechoslovak Communist Party in Russia

Czechoslovak Communist Party in Russia was a Czechoslovak section of the Russian Communist Party (bolsheviks), founded by Czechoslovak left-wing Social Democrats living in Russia. The Czechoslovak Communist Party in Russia held its founding congress in Moscow May 25–29, 1918. Largely, the organization consisted of Czechoslovak prisoners of war. Alois Muna was the chairman of the Czechoslovak Communist Party in Russia.
The founding congress of the Czechoslovak Communist Party in Russia called Czech and Slovak workers to unite in the struggle for a proletarian revolution and the creation of a Czechoslovak socialist republic. The congress also endorsed the formation of the new Communist International. Whilst the congress was taking place, Czechoslovak legions attacked the Soviet state. The congress condemned the usage of Czechoslovak legions against Soviet Russia and called upon Czech and Slovak workers to defend Soviet Russia against counter-revolution and foreign intervention. After the congress, Czechoslovak units were formed inside the Red Army.
The Czechoslovak Communist Party in Russia was the first Czechoslovak communist organization, albeit it existed only in exile. Several of the members of the party would play important roles in the Czechoslovak communist movement after returning home to Czechoslovakia. Muna served as the chairman of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia 1923-1924.
The official organ of the party was "Průkopník svobody".

</doc>
<doc id="20353939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353939" title="Benjamin Pulleyn">
Benjamin Pulleyn

Benjamin Pulleyn (died 1690) was the Cambridge tutor of Isaac Newton. Pulleyn served as Regius Professor of Greek from 1674 to 1686. He was known as a "pupil monger", meaning one who increased his income by accepting additional students.
Pulleyn was admitted as a sizar to Trinity College, Cambridge in 1650, became a scholar there in 1651 and graduated BA in 1653-4, MA in 1657. He became a Fellow of Trinity in 1656. Appointed Regius Professor of Greek in 1674, he became Rector of Southoe on his retirement from the chair in 1686.

</doc>
<doc id="20353964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353964" title="Kudakareta kami, aru fukuinhei no shuki">
Kudakareta kami, aru fukuinhei no shuki

Shattered God: A Diary of a Demobilized Soldier (砕かれた神: ある復員兵の手記) "Kudakareta kami: aru fukuinhei no shuki." By Watanabe Kiyoshi. Published by Iwanami Shoten Publishing. 
This diary (written between September 2, 1945 to April 20, 1946) is by a WWII demobilized soldier (Watanabe Kiyoshi). Watanabe writes his daily events beginning with the surrender of Japan and through some of the Allied Occupation of Japan. Although there are no English translations, John W. Dower mentions him in his Pulitzer Prize winning book, "Embracing Defeat".
On April 20, Watanabe left his village to take a job in Tokyo. He had heard that anyone could write a letter to the emperor now, and he did so before leaving. He used the familiar "you" (anata), unthinkable before the surrender, in addressing him. He had fought hard for the emperor in accordance with his orders, Watanabe wrote, but since the defeat he had lost all trust and hope in him. As a result, he wished to sever their relationship. He then offered an accounting of all the salary that he had been paid by the imperial navy and every article he could remember having received in his years of service--a long list indeed, itemizing food as well as clothing and other goods. The total, as he calculated it, came to 4,281 yen and 5 sen. With his letter, he enclosed a check for 4,282 yen. "Thus," the letter concluded, "I owe you nothing."
Watanabe begins his journal with: 
"'Perhaps His Majesty the Emperor will be executed' is the rumor that is flowing throughout the village." 
About the Author (Watanabe Kiyoshi).
Watanabe Kiyoshi was born to a farm owner in Shizuoka Prefecture in the 14th year of the Taisho Period (1925). He died in the summer of 1981 at the age of 56.

</doc>
<doc id="20353986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353986" title="Silver Apples of the Moon (album)">
Silver Apples of the Moon (album)

Silver Apples of the Moon is the debut album by the English band Laika. It was released in 1995 by Too Pure Records. 
Track listing.
All songs by Margaret Fiedler and Guy Fixsen.

</doc>
<doc id="20353992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353992" title="M. K. Rajakumar">
M. K. Rajakumar

Dr M.K. Rajakumar (25 May 1932 – 22 November 2008) was a veteran socialist leader and medical practitioner, regarded as a founding father of the discipline of family medicine by general practitioners and family physicians. 
As a leftist intellectual he formed part of the leadership of the Labour Party of Malaya and Barisan Sosialis during the 1960s. 
He helped build the Labour Party with other leaders like the late Tan Sri Dr Tan Chee Koon, David V., Ishak Haji Muhammad (better known as Pak Sako) and Karam Singh.
Early involvement.
In the 1950s, Rajakumar was active in the Socialist Club while studying medicine at the Singapore campus of University of Malaya where he met historian Prof Emeritus Tan Sri Dr Khoo Khay Kim and former Parti Sosialis Rakyat Malaysia Kassim Ahmad, who were also students. 
Rajakumar, then 22 years old, was involved with the editorial board of "Fajar", which was the Socialist Club’s newspaper. The team behind the newsletter were soon accused of sedition and involved in a court trial. Rajakumar and The Fajar team were defended by the legendary radical British Queen's Counsel DN Pritt, with Lee Kuan Yew (who later became the first Prime Minister of Singapore) as junior counsel.
He then moved on to be chairman of the Selangor Labour Party and was always very dedicated. He was detained under the Internal Security Act from 1966 to 1969.
Politically, his influence waned after the decline of the Barisan Socialis in the late 60s but he always held on to his ideals.
Family.
Rajakumar was married to Ong Kik Hong and has three children - venture capitalist Datin Sunita Mei-Lin, Kiren Su-Lin in London, and Arjuna who is a vice-president at HSBC Hong Kong.
He also has a granddaughter named Priya.
Rajakumar's daughter Datin Sunita is married to the son of former senator Tan Sri Dr C. Sinnadurai. Over the last two years of his life, he was cared for by his son-in-law Datuk Dr Jeyaindran Sinnadurai, who is the head of general medicine at Hospital Kuala Lumpur.
Qualifications.
MB, B S. University of Malaya (Singapore) 1956
Federal Scholar 1950-1956
University Scholar 1950
A.M.
F.A.Sc
FAFP (Mal.)
FCFP (S’pore)
FRCP Edin
FRCGP (U.K.)
FHKCFP
FRACGP
Clinical Experience.
Intern - Malacca General Hospital, 1956–57
Medical Officer - Malacca General Hospital, 1957–60
In charge of : Outpatient Department, Drug Addiction Ward, Blood Transfusion Services
Postings : Gynecological Ward, Obstetrics Unit, Surgical Unit, Visiting District Clinics, Maternity Flying Squad
Lecturer to Nurses and Red Cross Society
Acting Registrar in Obstetrics & Gynecology, Malacca General Hospital.Registrar, Department of Orthopedic & Traumatology
General Hospital Kuala Lumpur
1960 - Trainee Anaesthetic Medical Officer
1960-63 - Registrar, Orhopedic and Trauma Unit
Acting State Surgeon, Kuantan, on leave relief (2 Weeks)
General Practice 
1963 - Private General Practice
1975 - In group practice
Honorary awards.
Award of ‘Senior Fellow’ of the Academy of Sciences Malaysia, designated “Academician”,1999, under the Academy of Sciences Malaysia Act, 1994.
Fellow of the Malaysian Scientific Association, (1978)
Honorary Professor at the Capital Institute of Medicine Beijing, China, (1989)
Award of Honour, Chinese Medical Association (2003)
Senior Fellowship Award, Consortium of Thai Training Institutes for STD and AIDS (COTTISA 2004)
Principal Offices (as at 2008).
Honorary Medical Adviser, Tung Shin Charity Hospital 
External Examiner for the Diploma in S.T.D. and AIDS, Prince Songkla University, Thailand
Senior Academic Advisor, Academy of Family Physicians of Malaysia, 2001-
President, International Society for the Study of Sexual Medicine, 2002-
President, Malaysian Medical Association (MMA) 1979-80.
Key reports and books.
1. Curriculum for General Practice. Chairman, Report to the Council of the College of General Practitioners of Malaysia, September 1975.
2. Establishment of a Science Centre in Malaysia. Report to the Council of the Malaysian Scientific Association in May 1976.
3. Specialization in Primary Health Care - Training for the new General Practice in Malaysia, Chairman of Committee, College of General Practitioners of Malaysia, 1979.
4. Chairman, Committee on The Future of the Health Services in Malaysia. 
 Report to Council of the Malaysian Medical Association, April 1980.
5. The Establishment of an Emergency Medical Response Unit of MASEAN. 
 Report to the Council of the Medical Association of South-East Asian Nations, July 1983.
6. Report of a visit to Beijing, People's Republic of China to advice on Primary Health Care, May 1988, WONCA.
7. Chapter in "Principles and Practice of Primary Care and Family Medicine.Editors-John Fry and Nat Yuen 1994.
8. Chapter in "General Practice" edited by John Fry 1988.
Orations.
4 Dec 1970 - Seminar organised by the Academic Staff Association, University of Malaya - Problems of Higher Education
11 June 1971 - Great Economic Debates organised by The Economics Society, University of Malaya - Dynamics of Social Change in the Rural Areas
26 Oct 1980 - 1st. William Pickles Lecture 1980, College of General Practitioners of Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur - Evolution of General Practice
15 April 1983 - Singapore Medical Association Annual Lecture, Singapore - Ethical Consequences of Technical Change
19 July 1986 - Tan Sri Danaraj Oration, organized by Alumni Association of the University of Malaya, Kuala Lumpur - Rethinking The Medical Curriculum
Aug 1993 - Takemi Oration, 18th Congress of the Confederation of Medical Associations in Asia and Oceania, Malacca, Malaysia - Health, the Environment and the Physician
1993 - Dr Sun Yat Sun Oration, Conferment Ceremony, The Hong Kong College of Practitioners, Hong Kong – Between Fate and Reason : The Quest of a Physician
13 February 1998 - Malaysian Medical Association Annual Oration in Seremban, Negeri Sembilan - The Practice of Medicine through the Ages and the Challenges Ahead
Death.
He died on November 22, 2008 at 3am at Hospital Kuala Lumpur due to heart and lung complications following a recent bout of pneumonia. He was 76.

</doc>
<doc id="20353997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353997" title="2001 SEC Championship Game">
2001 SEC Championship Game

The 2001 SEC Championship Game was won by the LSU Tigers 31-20 over the Tennessee Volunteers. The game was played in the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia on December 8, 2001 and was televised to a national audience on CBS. The loss kept Tennessee from a second appearance in the BCS National Championship Game.

</doc>
<doc id="20353998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20353998" title="Long Lost">
Long Lost

Long Lost is a novel by American writer Harlan Coben. It is the ninth novel in his series of a crime solver and sports agent named Myron Bolitar.
Plot.
Spoilers
Myron Bolitar receives a phone call from an ex-lover, Terese, who asks him to come to Paris immediately. Upon arriving, Myron is informed by French police that Terese’s ex-husband, Rick, has been murdered and Terese is the prime suspect. Terese is soon cleared of the charges. 
At the crime scene of the murder, blood was found that matched that of Rick’s daughter. Terese informs Myron that ten years previously, her only daughter with Rick, Miriam, was killed in a car accident that led to Terese and Rick’s divorce. After nearly being kidnapped, Myron catches a glimpse of a teenage blonde girl who resembles Terese and wonders if perhaps Miriam’s death was faked. 
Myron sees the same girl again and follows her into a house in London. There, he is ambushed by terrorists who kill Rick’s second wife. After murdering the lead terrorist, Myron is taken to a “black site,” a secret interrogation facility maintained by the United States government to torture suspected terrorists. When his innocence is realized, he is released but does not recall anything that happened while incarcerated. 
Meanwhile, back in the United States, DNA samples taken from Miriam’s grave prove that she is in fact dead. Myron suspects that Terese’s frozen embryos were used illegally to create a second daughter, the elusive blonde girl he has been seeking. Myron and his accomplice Win investigate the charity “Save the Angels,” which promotes adoption over stem-cell research and is run by right-wing conservative Christians. Rick had been investigating the charity shortly before being murdered. 
Myron and the French detective Berleand track the teenage blonde girl to a home that was pictured on the “Save the Angels” website. There, they are ambushed by a terrorist cell and Berleand is killed. Upon entering the home, Myron discovers a group of blonde, blue-eyed children who have been raised from stolen embyos by terrorists in the hopes of training them for suicide missions. The terrorist cell is wiped out by law enforcement and the brainwashed children are taken into custody. Myron tracks down Terese to Angola, where she has been hiding with her long lost daughter since the ambush in London. 
It is implied at the end of the book that law enforcement failed to track down all of the terrorists: a blonde, blue-eyed teenage boy with a heavy backpack is seen stepping from a bus and walking into a crowded area of tourists.

</doc>
<doc id="20354026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354026" title="U Make Ai Dream">
U Make Ai Dream

U Make Ai Dream will be performed by the J-pop singer, Kotoko which will be composed and arranged by the I've Sound founder, Kazuya Takase. Although released as a maxi single, this single will not contain any coupling song but instead will contain the karaoke and instrumental version of the title track. This single will contain the theme song for the MMO game Ai Sp@ce.
The single's catalog number is GNCA-7921

</doc>
<doc id="20354044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354044" title="Circuit International Automobile Moulay El Hassan">
Circuit International Automobile Moulay El Hassan

The Circuit International Automobile Moulay El Hassan (also known as Marrakech Street Circuit and Marrakech Racetrack) is a temporary street circuit in Agdal district, Marrakech, Morocco. The circuit is venturing by MGP.
MGP’s partner in Morocco, D3 Motorsport Development has been given the responsibility of the design of the street circuit. It is the same architect company that designed the Surfers Paradise Street Circuit in Australia. Groupe Menara was supervising the construction in Route de l'Ourika and along Boulevard Mohammed. The paddock had been paved alongside the walls of the Royal Garden and more than 2500 concrete impact blocks and many debris fence panels had been put in place to bound the track.
The planned 2009 World Touring Car Championship season's third round at the street circuit held on 3 May 2009. It was the first international car race in Morocco since the 1958 Moroccan Grand Prix at the Ain-Diab Circuit in Casablanca.
The circuit.
The circuit has a tight hairpin and long straights punctuated by chicanes.

</doc>
<doc id="20354049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354049" title="José Gregorio Briceño">
José Gregorio Briceño

Life.
Briceño began his political life in 1979 as a member of Acción Democrática (AD). After being expelled from AD in 1991 Briceño founded a political party called Movimiento Independiente Cedeño (MIC). He became mayor of Cedeño Municipality in the regional elections of 1992 and was re-elected in 1995. In 1997 he founded a new political party named MIGATO. This became part of PSUV in 2007.
Briceño ran unsuccessfully for the governor of Monagas' office in 1998; however he won a seat in the Venezuelan Chamber of Deputies as Deputy. In 1999 Briceño was a member of the Constituent Assembly. In 2000 Briceño lost the competition for the governor's office again, although he was elected deputy of the National Assembly of Venezuela.
José Gregorio Briceño became governor of Monagas in 2004 and was re-elected in the elections of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20354057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354057" title="Wind power in Austria">
Wind power in Austria

Although Austria is a landlocked country with a distinguished hilly topography, meteorological preconditions permit the utilization of wind power. First calculations on the basis of wind measuring data assessed at the meteorological stations in the early 1980s rendered the surprising result of annually approx. 6,600 to 10,000 gigawatt-hour (GWh) of technically exploitable wind energy potential in Austria.
Austria ranked as the world’s seventeenth largest producer of wind power with an installed nameplate capacity of 995 megawatt (MW) in 2008, behind Ireland and ahead of Greece. 
History.
Back in the 1980s, there were huge private wind measurements and experiments with smaller plants. In 1994, initiated by Councilor Waltner, 110 kilowatt (kW) wind turbine was set up in St. Pölten. Another wind turbine was put into operation six months later in Zistersdorf. In 1995, the first wind turbine was built with civic participation in Michelbach.
In January 1996, the first turbine of the type E-40 with 500 kW was placed in Eberschwang. Not only the absolute largest wind turbines were placed there, but with two plants the first „wind farm“ was established. In the course of 1996, no signs of new funding arrangements had emerged. It led by the end of the year in a panic reaction from the first „boom“ for wind power.
36 wind turbines with 12 MW and an annual total of 18 million kW of work hours had been set up between New Year's Day and New Year's Eve. After 1996, there were, only in exceptional cases, economic conditions for individual projects, including the wind park in Zurndorf with six plants. 
The pressure of individual countries and the idea that desired objectives could be reached nationwide cheaper than by any nation-state alone resulted into negotiations between federal and state governments to a new nationwide Green Electricity Act 2002 "(Ökostromgesetz 2002)" in spring 2002.
Wind turbines with a capacity of a total of 276 MW were built in 2003. The plant output tripled from 139 MW (end 2002) to 415 MW (end 2003) within a year.
Economics.
Life span of wind turbines.
According to manufacturers, the life span of wind turbines amounts to 25 years. Important influences on the life span are site specific (wind speed, storms, icing conditions) and the quality of the maintenance of the turbines.
External costs.
External costs are not a part of the investment and operation costs, and are paid by the tax payer and therefore by the public. Examples of external costs for fossil fuel and nuclear electricity production are political and military securing of the access to these energy sources, costs of green house gas emissions, cleaning up of spilled oil, police operations during the transporting of nuclear wastes and other similar activities. There are no external costs for the production of electricity from wind. Wind power is a product with no hidden costs and economically the most inexpensive form of energy production.
Property for wind turbines.
Most of the property owners are farmers. They have an additional source of income by leasing their land to the wind park operator. The prices paid for property leases for wind turbines are many times more than would normally be earned by farming the property.
A wind turbine needs an area of up to 500 square metres (5,382 square feet) and the rest of the property can still be farmed without any problem. A wind turbine can also be easily and quickly dismantled.
Costs of electricity production.
According to the costs for infrastructure, a kW of installed capacity costs between 880 € and 1,385 €. (At the Tauernwindpark a kW costs 1,240 €).
Installed capacity growth.
The table shows an annual increase in installed wind power capacity. 
Advantages.
The use of wind power reduces the necessity for importing electricity from abroad and strengthens the regional economy. Just like water and wood, it is a natural resource that is used in rural areas. Wind energy is a more permanent type of energy. The wind will exist until the time the sun exists. Theoretically, if all the wind power available to humankind is harnessed, there can be ten times of energy than we use readily available. Production of wind power does not release any pollutants. A wind park with 6 MW installed capacity will reduce approximately the following emissions yearly: 
Compared to oil and natural gas, wind power does not pose a threat to people or the environment. No war has to be fought to secure its accessibility and there is no danger concerning the transportation from one place to another.

</doc>
<doc id="20354067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354067" title="The Siege of Sidney Street">
The Siege of Sidney Street

The Siege of Sidney Street is a 1960 British historical drama film co-directed by Robert S. Baker and Monty Berman. It starred Donald Sinden, Nicole Berger and Kieron Moore.
The film depicts the 1911 Sidney Street Siege in which armed police surrounded a house occupied by a gang in the East End of London. 
It was filmed in the Republic of Ireland, with shots of Dublin standing in for pre-First World War east London.
Production.
Donald Sinden, then a contract star for the Rank Organisation at Pinewood Studios, recalled "The scene in the blazing room we filmed in the studio and I was vastly intrigued to watch the way the special effects department created the illusion. They began by making everything on set completely fireproof. They then spread an inflammable jelly over the sections that were seen to be burning and just before "Action" it was set alight. Tables and chairs and curtains blazed away and at the end of the scene the flames were extinguished ready for the next Take. It was remarkable. Nothing was damaged. Leonard Sachs, playing Svaars (uncredited) was left in the room with the revolver; his clothes had also been fireproofed and in the long-shot flames licked from the jelly which had been put on his back. For the next shot, his close-up, he was having the jelly placed strategically on his shoulders and arms. I was talking to someone in the crew when another of the crew approached and whispered to his colleague 'Have they fireproofed his hair?' 'No, I don't think they have. It would take 20-minutes.' I was later informed that had Leonard suffered any damage, the insurance company would have paid up, but twenty minutes of the crew's time, on an hourly rate, merely to fireproof an actor's hair would have had to have been paid for by the film company. Thankfully Leonard only suffered mild burns to his hair and scalp!"

</doc>
<doc id="20354079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354079" title="Nu Niggaz on tha Blokkk">
Nu Niggaz on tha Blokkk

Nu Niggaz on Tha Blokkk is the second studio album by Oakland, California rap group 415, released October 3, 1991 on Priority Records. Rapper D-Loc is the main performer on this album, as Richie Rich was serving time in jail and did not participate on the project. DJ Daryl again produces the majority of tracks on this album
Chart history.
"Nu Niggaz on Tha Blokkk" peaked at #21 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart, and #90 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20354107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354107" title="Dmitry Zubarev">
Dmitry Zubarev

Dmitry Nikolaevich Zubarev (; November 27, 1917 – July 29, 1992) was a Russian theoretical physicist known for his contributions to statistical mechanics, non-equilibrium thermodynamics, plasma physics, theory of turbulence, and to the development of the double-time Green function's formalism.
Biography.
Dmitry Zubarev was born in Moscow in the family of an engineer. In 1941, he graduated from the Physics Department at Moscow State University and soon after that, on 25 June 1941, volunteered to the People's Volunteer Сorps to participate in Second World War. He participated in the Battle of Moscow and met the end of the war in Berlin with the 47th Army of the First Belorussian Front.
After the war he worked for several years on various military related research projects in Arzamas-16. In this period of time he was greatly influenced by Nikolay Bogoliubov and Andrei Sakharov. Then, in 1954 he moved to Steklov Institute of Mathematics, where continued to work for the rest of his life.
Research work.
His first research in Arzamas-16 was devoted to various applications of plasma theory, including analyzis of stationary regimes for nuclear reactors (jointly with V. N. Klimov) and analysis of temperature jumps of plasma in magnetic field.
After that he started to work in collaboration with Nikolay Bogoliubov on various problems in theoretical physics and obtained several fundamental results, including development of an asymptotic method for systems with rapidly rotating phases, development of the method of collective variables which is now widely used in theoretical physics, and development of the microscopic theory of superfluidity. 
He made a significant contribution to the theory of double-time temperature Green's functions in statistical mechanics, where his work became world famous.
In the period 1961—1965, he developed a method of non-equilibrium statistical operator (NSO), which is now a classical tool in the statistical theory of non-equilibrium processes. This method allowed him to include non-equilibrium phenomena in the framework of statistical mechanics in a natural way following the ideas of Josiah Willard Gibbs. Using the NSO method, he constructed relativistic thermodynamics and relativistic hydrodynamics, the statistical transport theory for systems of particles with internal degrees of freedom, and the statistical thermodynamics for turbulent transport processes.
He was an editorial staff member of the journal "Theoretical and Mathematical Physics" and a member of the International Editorial staff of the journals "Physica A" and "Physics Letters A".

</doc>
<doc id="20354108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354108" title="Semtek v. Lockheed Martin">
Semtek v. Lockheed Martin

Semtek v. Lockheed Martin, , is a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that the claim preclusive effect of a federal judgment on a claim over which subject matter jurisdiction is based solely on diversity is determined by the common law of the state in which the federal district court rendering the decision is located.
Background.
Petitioners Semtek International Incorporated filed a complaint against Lockheed Martin in California state court, alleging a breach of contract. The case was removed to the local federal district court due to the diversity of citizenship in the case. The trial judge then dismissed the complaint, writing that California's 2-year statute of limitations made the claim "barred".
Semtek International had also filed a claim in Maryland's state court. The court here also dismissed the complaint, but on the grounds that "the res judicata effect" precludes this separate claim in a different state. Since another federal court had dismissed a similar action already, Semtek could not proceed in a different court on virtually similar contentions.
Opinion of the Court.
Justice Antonin Scalia wrote the unanimous decision of the Supreme Court, reversing the decision of the Maryland courts. Scalia wrote that there was no final "judgment on the merits" in the California case and thus the Maryland trial was not precluded. Specifically, the California case was dismissed without prejudice, and a reading of the appropriate rule could be seen as still permitting other actions. Therefore, Semtek was entitled to a trial before the Maryland courts and the case was remanded with such instructions.

</doc>
<doc id="20354125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354125" title="The Black Tent">
The Black Tent

The Black Tent is a 1956 British war film directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starring Donald Sinden, Anthony Steel, Anna Maria Sandri, André Morell and Donald Pleasence. It is set in North Africa, during the Second World War and was filmed on location in Libya.
During the British retreat through Libya, British officer Captain Holland takes shelter with a Bedouin tribe and marries the sheik's daughter. After the war his younger brother, who had believed him to be dead, learns that he may be alive in Libya - prompting him to set out and search for him.
Plot.
The film begins with a tank battle where blond-haired Captain Holland (Anthony Steel) is sprawled unconscious in the dunes. When he comes to, he walks over the dunes until collapsing near a Bedouin encampment at an oasis. He is found by the sheik's daughter, Mabrouka (Anna Maria Sandri), who takes him to the camp which consists of several black tents.
The film skips forward to a point after the war when Captain Holland's brother, Colonel Sir Charles Holland (Donald Sinden), is guided into the desert by Ali (Donald Pleasence) in search of his brother. They were drawn by a promissory note that had been given by Captain Holland to Bedouins for their assistance and eventually cashed. Sir Charles eventually comes across the Bedouin camp and is entertained by the camp's chief, Sheik Salem ben Yussef (André Morrel) and sees a young blond boy in the camp. Later, the Sheik becomes angry at Sir Charles's line of questioning about his brother, the boy, and note and asks them to leave. Before they leave, Mabrouka gives Ali a sock containing Captain Holland's diary which Ali then gives Sir Charles. The film skips back in time to recount the story within the diary.
Captain Holland, having been tended by Mabrouka, recovers. He learns that Mabrouka is the daughter of the sheik and is betrothed to Sheik Faris (Michael Craig) from another tribe. When a German reconnaissance vehicle is spotted, Captain Holland hides in some Roman ruins. The senior German officer then finds Holland's service revolver in a tent.
Mabrouka and Captain Holland become romantically involved to the obvious annoyance of Sheik Faris. He colludes with the Germans who return to the camp where Holland kills them and Faris. The romance between Captain Holland and Mabrouka deepens and they marry.
Learning of the British victory at El Alamein, Captain Holland seeks to return to the British lines but finds out his wife is now pregnant. A group led by the Sheik and Captain Holland travel towards the British lines but came across a column of retreating Italian vehicles. Captain Holland sustains a fatal injury rescuing the Sheik.
The film returns to the present day with the Sheik handing Sir Charles a letter with his brother's will bequeathing his estate to his son. Sir Charles discusses this with his nephew but the boy decides to remain with the tribe and burns the letter.
The ruins.
The film used the site of the Roman ruins at Sabratha in Libya, which is by the sea, although the plot suggests that the camp is deep in the Libyan desert. This is a plot device to provide a bit of eye candy to the viewer and a reason for the Germans to visit in small numbers, like regular tourists.

</doc>
<doc id="20354129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354129" title="Freeview (Australia)">
Freeview (Australia)

Freeview is the brand given to the Digital terrestrial television platform in Australia. It is intended to bring all of the free-to-air (FTA) broadcasters on to a consistent marketing platform to compete against subscription television, in particular (Foxtel), and coincides with the expansion to 3 digital channels for each FTA network. Important services from Freeview includes its free over-the-air channels with an enhanced EPG (Electronic program guide) across all channels. Freeview also certify televisions, set-top box and personal video recorders (PVR) which meet their requirements.
The Freeview brand was launched in November 2008 with teaser commercials promising 15 channels in 2009. The first new "Freeview" channel started on 26 March 2009 with Network Ten's One sports channel. Further advertising began on 26 April 2009, with the first Freeview certified devices appearing in retailers from May 2009. In June 2010, the second phase of devices, marked as "Freeview EPG" devices, became available in retail stores, designed to work with the newly launched interactive EPG.
Launch.
The brand was launched on 24 November 2008 at 6:29 p.m. through the use of a 60-second advertisement shown on all networks, in a roadblock.
The proper service was launched in 2009 along with a number of Freeview badged set-top boxes and integrated digital televisions. At least four manufacturers intend to release Phase 1 Freeview devices which do not support MHEG-5.
Freeview has been criticised as being ambiguous and light on details, with criticism that certification is more about restricting devices than enabling them. The introduction of channels replacing the previous High Definition simulcasts led to complaints that regular programming was no longer broadcast in high-definition.
Ownership.
The non-profit Freeview organisation comprises the free-to-air licencees; Australian Broadcasting Corporation, Special Broadcasting Service, Seven Network, Nine Network, Network Ten, Prime Media Group and Southern Cross Broadcasting.
An ABC release stated these groups are shareholders of Freeview, though a company search revealed all shares are owned by the Nine Network.
WIN Corporation were previously a member of the Freeview organisation, however left in March 2012 with complaints over the organisation's role in the television industry and the cost of operations.
Freeview certification requirements.
Part of the Freeview initiative is to certify set-top boxes as capable of receiving free-to-air digital television broadcasts (both standard and high definition). Although certification requirements have not been formally released, Phase 1 Freeview devices will be high-definition, and capable of more advanced video encoding (MPEG-4). Recorders will not be able to skip over ads, and must enforce digital rights management.
Phase 2 requires Freeview devices to feature the MHEG-5 technology, which Freeview uses to support its interactive electronic program guide and its future enhancements.
The Freeview advertising for their 17-channel platform and certified products, combined with the Australian government's commercials warning of the closure of analog TV transmissions, is intended to help consumers buy appropriate devices.
Freeview has threatened PVR manufacturers such as DViCO with legal action if they include the Freeview (UK) logo (which looks very similar to the Freeview Australia logo) on their Australian packaging.
Digital TV Labs, is an Officially Approved Test Centre for Freeview Australia conformance testing, where manufacturers wishing to deploy devices with the Freeview Australia logo and EPG can obtain pass reports.
Sony Computer Entertainment Australia added Freeview compatibility to the PlayStation 3's PlayTV digital television tuner in October 2009 with the 1.21 firmware update. The update disabled ad-skipping, reduced fast forward and rewind speed to 30x and removed the ability to copy recordings to other devices. Unlike other Freeview-endorsed devices, these restrictions can be easily bypassed on the PlayStation 3.
High-definition.
To obtain Freeview certification, devices must include at least one high-definition digital tuner, supporting the HD formats of 576p, 720p and 1080i.
Video Decoding.
Freeview devices must be capable of receiving and decoding H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, a far less data hungry standard than current MPEG-2. The standard allows higher quality transmissions or more television channels in future, and Freeview has said that the television networks will not broadcast with this codec until the majority of the population has a device that can receive it.
The federal government has not approved any change in television broadcasting standards, and Australian broadcasters have not announced a timetable for switching to MPEG-4 broadcasting.
Digital video recorder restrictions.
Freeview devices can not skip an ad block - they can skip 10 minute blocks, and fast forward and rewind at 30x speeds
Hard drive-based recorders must offer a minimum of 160 GB internal storage, with Digital Rights Management applied to recordings copied off the device. Restrictions must also be in place to ensure recordings can not be accessed if the hard drive is removed from the recorder.
Enhanced EPG (MHEG-5) - phase 2.
Freeview Phase 2 certified devices will use a new electronic programming guide (EPG).
Phase 1 Freeview devices are not required to feature the MHEG-5 technology that Freeview intends to use to support its EPG. From April 2009, Freeview was still negotiating an MHEG-5 licensing deal. and it was not signed until July 2009.
Freeview has agreed that manufacturers can sell Phase 1 devices without MHEG-5 for another three years, and are not required to label such devices as Phase 1.
Freeview announced details of its EPG on 28 June 2010, with plans for a consumer launch in September 2010. The new EPG will be based on the same EPG data available to all digital TV devices via the broadcast signal, but it will also monitor Content Reference Indicator (CRID) data embedded in the broadcast signal. The CRID data will allow recorders to detect when a program is running over schedule and continue recording.
After initial confusion as to whether non-Freeview devices would still have access to the EPG, Freeview chief executive Robin Parkes confirmed the broadcast EPG would remain. Only Freeview-endorsed PVRs featuring the "Freeview EPG" logo will have access to the new Freeview EPG, although the Freeview-endorsed TiVo recorder will extract CRID data from the broadcast signal to update its own EPG (with permission from the networks), rather than relying on Freeview's EPG data.
Australian EPG provider IceTV's high court victory over the Nine Network, securing its right to supply a third-party EPG service, may influence Freeview's long term plans for the broadcast and MHEG-5 EPG services. The ruling may also affect whether third-party EPG providers have the right to extract CRID data from the broadcast signal without permission from the networks, as the CRID data will not be encypted according to Freeview marketing director Chelsea Wymer.
Freeview has finalised its license to use MHEG-5 but initially lacked a license to use the traditional information grid pattern EPG which is covered under patents under owned by Macrovision. Freeview announced details of an agreement with Macrovision in July 2009.
Update: Freeview has chosen HbbTV as its new interactive TV standard which combines the benefits of both broadcast and broadband.
Freeview plans to launch the service in May'2014 and is also planning to launch a big campaign for the same early next year.
Non-compliant devices.
Existing digital television devices should continue to operate without Freeview certification, with the following caveats:
Government labelling scheme.
As well as Freeview labelling, the Australian Government has its own scheme for identifying digital ready televisions and set top boxes. Freeview branded set top boxes are labelled as 'High Definition Ready' under the government scheme, however non-Freeview boxes can also be labelled in the same way, leading to viewer confusion as to whether the Freeview channels will be receivable on those set top boxes without the branding.
Channels.
A Freeview compliant device will display all digital television channels broadcast in a viewer's market area, including those broadcast in High Definition. While Freeview promote their approved devices, their website notes that any HD compatible device will show the same channels.
With the exception of WIN Television services and in some regional areas, most digital channels broadcast the Freeview EPG. While WIN Television stations no longer broadcast the Freeview EPG, their programming is still listed in the EPG and channels remain on the Freeview website.
Online Video Portal.
Through Freeview, the free-to-air broadcasters have signed a new initiative for an industry-wide video hub - details of what content will be carried is unknown. A consultant has been commissioned to advise on vendor partnerships, and ABC's iView technology is the frontrunner to deliver the service.
Currently, the ABC, SBS, Seven Network, Nine Network and Ten Network each offer "catch up" internet television services in Australia, allowing viewers to watch local and foreign content after it has been shown on their respective channels, while One allows online streaming of select sporting content, including live streams of Formula One.
Criticisms.
Freeview has been criticised as being ambiguous and light on details, with criticism that certification is more about restricting devices than enabling them. Network Ten's simulcast of "One" in HD & SD was criticised by some as being a single channel, as it is not unique content and the introduction of One means Network Ten's non-sports programming is no longer broadcast in HD. Freeview certification will include at least two phases, with the Phase 1 Freeview devices not required to feature the MHEG-5 technology Freeview intends to use to support its Electronic Program Guide.
In addition to the lack of detail, minimal information was given by Seven and Nine Network management regarding new channel launch dates. The original Freeview announcement stated planned May releases for the launch of new digital channels by both networks, while a later Seven release mentioned mid-2009 and then October for its secondary channel launch.

</doc>
<doc id="20354156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354156" title="Golsen v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue">
Golsen v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue

Golsen v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, 54 T.C. 742 (1970) ("aff'd on other issues" 445 F.2d 985 (10th Cir. 1971)), is a judicial ruling pertaining to the jurisdiction of the United States Tax Court. Under the rule (referred to as the Golsen Rule) articulated in the case, the Tax Court may render different decisions, based on identical situations, for taxpayers that are only differentiated by their geography.
Implication.
The Tax Court, being a national institution, hears cases that can be appealed to the courts of appeals, which lie in different judicial circuits. These courts of appeals may render different decisions for two distinct taxpayers, who have the same facts in evidence. Under "Golsen", the Tax Court will follow the Court of Appeals that has jurisdiction over each taxpayer. In effect, the taxpayer will be bound to the decision that is in closest proximity to said taxpayer.

</doc>
<doc id="20354161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354161" title="2000 SEC Championship Game">
2000 SEC Championship Game

The 2000 SEC Championship Game was won by the Florida Gators 28-6 over the Auburn Tigers. The game was played in the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia on December 2, 2000 and was televised to a national audience on ABC.

</doc>
<doc id="20354163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354163" title="Diamphotoxin">
Diamphotoxin

Diamphotoxin is a toxin produced by larvae and pupae of the beetle genus "Diamphidia". Diamphotoxin is a haemolytic, cardiotoxic, and highly labile single-chain polypeptide with a low molecular weight, bound to a protein that protects it from deactivation.
Diamphotoxin increases the permeability of cell membranes of red blood cells. Although this does not affect the normal flow of ions between cells, it allows "all" small ions to pass through cell membranes easily, which fatally disrupts the cells' ion levels.
Although diamphotoxin has no neurotoxic effect, its haemolytic effect is lethal, and may reduce haemoglobin levels by as much as 75%, leading to haemoglobinuria.
The San people of Southern Africa use diamphotoxin as an arrow poison for hunting game. The toxin paralyses muscles gradually. Large mammals hunted in this way die slowly from a small injection of the poison.
Several leaf beetles species of genus "Leptinotarsa" produce a similar toxin, leptinotarsin.

</doc>
<doc id="20354167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354167" title="KLIR">
KLIR

KLIR (101.1 FM, "Clear 101") is a radio station licensed to serve Columbus, Nebraska, USA. The station is owned by Three Eagles Communications and the license is held by Three Eagles of Columbus, Inc. Three Eagles Communications owns and operates radio station throughout Nebraska and the midwestern United States.
KLIR broadcasts an adult contemporary music format.
History.
The station was originally owned by the Anderson family from Denver, broadcasting an easy listening format as KOXI. In early 1984, the new General Manager and soon-to-be part owner, Stan Tafoya, negotiated a deal to bring the new call letters "KLIR", or "Clear" from a station in Denver. The Columbus station was granted the new call sign by the Federal Communications Commission on July 9, 1984. The decision to change the call letters coincided with a format change to an adult contemporary format, or "Soft Rock, with Less Talk".
Under the Tafoya's leadership, the "Clear" sound was created for the community of Columbus and surrounding areas. Clear positioned itself as "The Radio Station Columbus Built", and became very successful in both ratings and revenue, still retaining many of the same programming elements today. For years, KLIR has been the most listened to radio station in the Platte County, according to the Arbitron Ratings Company. 
Chuck Lontine was one of the first talents hired by Tafoya, but left within the first year of the new KLIR to become a sales executive with CBS Radio in San Francisco. Tafoya then searched the Midwest for new voices, recruiting Steve Kohl from the Denver market. Kohl took the on-air name of "Scott Fisher" and helped guide the station to even greater success. A strong on-air team soon developed with Fisher in the morning and Jon Michaels in the afternoon. The credible news voice of James Nickel also contributed to the "Clear" sound. And top salesman Verl Wurtz added his play-by-play talents to the station's popular local sports programming.
Tafoya left in the mid-90's after a subsequent sale of the station to new owners. Many local business people and listeners have long cited the operation under Tafoya as a classic marketing success story, where a relatively small and unknown radio station, transforms itself into the market leader.

</doc>
<doc id="20354174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354174" title="Marxist Left in Slovakia and the Transcarpathian Ukraine">
Marxist Left in Slovakia and the Transcarpathian Ukraine

The Marxist Left in Slovakia and the Transcarpathian Ukraine was a political organisation in eastern Czechoslovakia. It was one of the forerunners of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia.
The organization held its founding congress in Ľubochňa on January 16, 1921. The founding congress had then been delayed for about two months, due to the December events.
The founding congress had 149 delegates, representing the different nationalities of Slovakia and the Transcarpathian Ukraine. Invited guests from the Czech Lands also participated in the proceedings. The congress endorsed the twenty-one conditions of the Communist International, with the exception of the 17th condition (which called on all sections of the International to adopt the name 'Communist Party'). The Ľubochňa congress was of the opinion that the name of the all-Czechoslovak party to be formed had to be decided at a national founding party congress of the new party.
The proceedings of the Ľubochňa congress was broken up by the Gendarmerie. Some of the delegates secretly met the following day, January 17, at Ružomberok. The meeting adopted a programme of action and approved four central press organs of the party; "Pravda chudoby", "Hlas ľudu", "Kassai Munkás" and "Volksstimme". The Ružomberok meeting set up a Regional Action Committee, to be seated in Ružomberok. Under the Regional Action Committee, the Ružomberok meeting set up five District Executive Committees. One of the District Executive Committees, based in Užhorod, was in-charge of the party activities in the Transcarpathian Ukraine.
Leaders.
The trade unionist Ivan Prechtl was a prominent labour leader of the party, and had participated in its founding.

</doc>
<doc id="20354199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354199" title="John Letts (jockey)">
John Letts (jockey)

John Richard ‘Johnny’ Letts (born 1943 in South Australia) is a former Australian jockey whose career spanned almost 30 years, retiring from race riding in 1988.
Letts began riding as an apprentice in 1959, aged 16 years old and eventually rode over 2,300 winners.
He was immortalized by winning the Melbourne Cup twice on Piping Lane in 1972 and Beldale Ball in 1980.
Apart from his Melbourne Cup successes he rode a host of big race winners including three SAJC Adelaide Cups on Rain Lover (1968), Grand Sale (1976) and Amarant (1983). He also had success in the 1977 AJC Epsom Handicap on Raffindale, the 1975 Victoria Derby on Galena Boy and the 1980 VRC Australian Cup on Ming Dynasty.
In recent years, Letts has been prominent as a mounted interviewer for 7 Sport's TV coverage of major races in Australia, including the Melbourne Cup. Riding on the course immediately after a race finishes, he uses a hand-held microphone to do live interviews with the winning jockey within seconds of the finish of the race. Visual coverage is from trackside cameras.

</doc>
<doc id="20354210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354210" title="Tracy Steele">
Tracy Steele

Tracy Steele is a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives, representing the 39th District since 2011. 
Residence.
Tracy Steele's hometown is in North Little Rock, Arkansas. 
Religion.
Tracy Steele is a Baptist.
Family.
Tracy Steele is married to Cassandra, and together they have two children. 
Education.
Steele received his education at the following institution:
Steele played on the Rice Owls men's basketball team.
Politics.
He previously served in the Arkansas State Senate where he served as both Majority Leader and Majority Whip. Steele is currently serving his second stint as a member of the Arkansas House of Representatives, he previously served from 1998 through 2002 for the 59th District.
Political Experience.
Steele has had the following political experience:

</doc>
<doc id="20354213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354213" title="List of songs in Wii Music">
List of songs in Wii Music


</doc>
<doc id="20354249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354249" title="Sun News (India)">
Sun News (India)

Sun News is a part of India's largest media conglomerate, Sun Network, based in Chennai,India having a reach of more than 95 million households in India.
The controversial editor Raja is a lier and a blot to ethical journalism. The fool mis-reported the riots by Indians in Little India, Singapore, blamed it on the Singaporeans and decimated whatever dignity is left of Indians in Singapore. This has been protested by Singapore High Commission and an apology has been demanded.
Team.
Established on Apr 14 2000, Sun News has established itself as the number one news channel in Tamil Nadu. It was founded by Kalanidhi Maran, the Chairman and Managing director of Sun Network. It has got a strong Editorial and Reporting team that keeps the score of the channel on the top. The News Editor of the channel is V Raja while the output editor is Raja Rajan.
News casters.
News casters presenting updates in Sun News channel include Mr. Bean, Pappu, Sujatha Babu, Mahalakshmi, Poonkuzali, Ravi Ganesh, Ranjith, Professor Abul Fiaz, Gayathri, Aiswarya, Akila among others. Rangarajan is the anchor for Business live show while Shiva Kumar comperes health show. Doctor X is anchored by Malayappan. Nijam is presented by Raja rajan.
Updates.
The Channel comes out with fake updates every hour. Updates range from world, national, regional to local news events. As the channel has a broad base of reporters and jokers, exclusive videos are shown pertaining to each news item. Also, exclusive stories are presented daily that cover large range of issues concerning Tamil Nadu.
News tickers and scrolls.
Sun News offers running text module and ticker.
Nijam.
Nijam is a news based program in Sun News aired from Monday to Friday at 10 PM. This program has a vast base of viewers and top in ratings. There are large number of controversial subjects dealt in Nijam Program. The program is directed by Saleem. There are a number of reporters faking for this program.
This program has covered various subjects including legalizing rapes, religion, temples, ghosts, adventures, festivals and social taboo.

</doc>
<doc id="20354274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354274" title="Master of the Sterbini Diptych">
Master of the Sterbini Diptych

The Master of the Sterbini Diptych was an Italian painter active most likely in Venice during the early fourteenth century; other locations along the Adriatic coast have also been suggested. Several panels associated with this artist are believed to exist; his name is derived from a painting now in the Museo del Palazzo Venezia in Rome. Little is known about the artist, save that he appears to have been influenced by Cretan or Greek traditions of icon-painting. Some historians believe that the artist may actually be a workshop group.

</doc>
<doc id="20354291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354291" title="Tasman Mill">
Tasman Mill

The Tasman Mill site is a pulp and paper mill located on Fletcher Avenue just outside the town of Kawerau in New Zealand. The Tasman Mill site is the largest single employer in the Eastern Bay of Plenty region. Three pulp or paper companies operate in Kawerau. Within the original Tasman Mill site are Norske Skog who operate the mechanical pulp mill and paper mill, and Carter Holt Harvey who operate the kraft pulp mill. The third, but physically separate mill on Fletcher Avenue is SCA who manufacture tissue and base paper. A sawmill is located to the north of the main Tasman Mill site and is also operated by Carter Holt Harvey. The mills contribute in excess of $1billion to the New Zealand economy per annum. The Tasman Pulp and Paper Mill has been discharging waste into the Tarawera River since 1955. In 2009, the mill gained permission to continue polluting the river for the next 25 years.
History.
In 1952 the Tasman Pulp and Paper Company established a mill to process timber from maturing stands of Radiata Pine in the state-owned Kaingaroa Forest. The site was chosen because of the ready availability of geothermal steam as a power source. Pulping operations were underway by 1955.
In the 1970s a number of expansion projects took place within the mill which in turn lead to a significant increase in employees. More recently, introduction of new technology, coupled with the decline of the timber industry from 1980 onwards, has resulted in a decline in the mill's workforce. The 2,000 strong workforce of the mid-1980s had dropped to 1,200 by 1998.
The accessibility of geothermal energy recently saw the construction of an on-site 100-megawatt Geothermal power station. The plant provides cost certainty to industry operating within the mill, the second largest industrial power user in the country.
Production.
Currently Carter Holt Harvey processes approximately 1.25 million cubic metres of wood annually, converting it into specialty bleached and unbleached pulp for use in the manufacture of paper, tissue and building products. Forty percent is subsequently sold to customers in New Zealand, primarily Norske Skog.
Today Norske Skog Tasman supplies all of New Zealand's newsprint and telephone directory requirements and also provides around thirty percent of Australia's newsprint requirements. Norske Skog Tasman is a wholly owned subsidiary of Norske Skogindustrier ASA, a Norwegian pulp and paper company based in Oslo. The corporation is the world's largest producer of newsprint magazine paper. 
Annual paper production by Norske Skog Tasman is now 300,000 tonnes from the company's two paper machines. A third paper machine was recently closed in an attempt to remain competitive in the overseas market. SCA also purchases pulp from Carter Holt Harvey for manufacture of base paper for their brands Purex and Libra, among others. 
The balance of production from both Norske Skog and Carter Holt Harvey is exported throughout Asia and Oceania earning export income of $224 million.
In August 2012, Norske Skog announced that it intended to cut production in the face of declining global and regional demand for newsprint. The company stated that it was currently exporting two thirds of its annual production to Asia, but that low newsprint prices, unfavourable exchange rates and oversupply to the Asian region has made this market unprofitable. 

</doc>
<doc id="20354307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354307" title="Master of San Martino alla Palma">
Master of San Martino alla Palma

The Master of San Martino alla Palma (formerly called the Amico di Daddi) was a Florentine painter active during the first third of the fourteenth century. An immediate follower of Bernardo Daddi, he is named for an altarpiece in the parish church of San Martino alla Palma. His chronology is uncertain; he has been linked with the Master of Saint Cecilia, the Master of the Saint George Codex, and Lippo di Benivieni, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="20354312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354312" title="Hold Tight (novel)">
Hold Tight (novel)

Hold Tight is a Harlan Coben 2008 stand-alone thriller dealing with problems of parental controls, teenage suicide, children independence and abuse of prescribed drugs. It features several characters that are equally important. It was moderately well received by the critics. It debuted simultaneously as a No. 1 "New York Times" best seller and a Times of London best seller.
Plot.
The story is introduced with the characters Marianne, Nash and Pietra. Pietra tricks Marianne by drugging her which leads to Nash brutally beating Marianne to death, his last words to her being: "Tell Cassandra I love her." They remove her clothes then dress her to look like a prostitute and toss her body in a dumpster (skip).
The action switches to Tia and Mike Baye who never imagined they'd become spying, overprotective parent. But their sixteen-year-old son, Adam Baye has been unusually distant and aloof lately, and after the recent suicide of his classmate and closed friend, Spencer Hill, who taking vodka and tablets on his school's roof in the night to death, they can't help but worry. They install a spy program on Adam's computer and within days they are jolted by a strange message to their son from a correspondent known only as CeeJay8115: "Just stay quiet and all safe." 
The detective investigating Marianne's murder, Loren Muse, realizes that Marianne is not a prostitute and that someone has gone to great lengths to try to fool the authorities. However, the face of Marianne has been so badly mutilated it is impossible for anyone to identify her.
Susan and Dante Loriman meet with their son's (Lucas) doctor (Mike Baye) only to be told Lucas needs a kidney transplant urgently. Neither parent is a suitable match and with some investigating, Mike finds out that Dante is not the biological father to Lucas. 
Meanwhile, browsing through an online memorial for her son, Betsy Hill is struck by one photo in particular that appears to have been taken on the night of Spencer's death and that he wasn't alone. She thinks it's Adam Baye standing just outside the camera's range. She confronts him and asks about the photo, but he runs away.
The daughter of Marianne and Guy, Yasmin is being bullied at school because her teacher (Joe Lewiston) commented on her facial hair in front of the class. Yasmin shows her only friend Jill Baye (Mike and Tia's daughter) her father's (Guy) gun, which is already loaded and hidden in a drawer in their house. She tells Jill how she dreams of getting revenge on Mr Lewiston.
Worried about the safety of their son, Mike tells Adam he must attend a hockey game with Mike's friend Mo. This is a diversion to try to avoid the party referred to in an email Mike and Tia found on their son's computer a few days earlier, the party claims that there will be alcohol and drugs served. Adam is not around when his father comes to pick him up to attend the hockey game, and Mo tells Mike how to use the GPS on Adam's phone to track him. Mike ends up following him into a very bad part of the Bronx. He starts to chase after what looks to be one of Adam's friends, but is then confronted and severely beaten by an unknown group. He winds up in hospital and still hasn't found his son.
Reba Cordova is Nash's next victim, and she is likewise beaten to death, for reasons still unknown to the reader. Before killing her he also told her the same thing Nash told Marianne: "Tell Cassandra I love her." We find out Cassandra died a few years ago due to cancer, and was deeply loved by Nash. Cassandra is the sister of Joe Lewiston, and had another brother named Curtis, who was murdered in an assumed robbery.
Mike's professional partner, Ilene Goldfarb, confronts Susan to find the real father of Lucas, as he could be a potential kidney donor. Susan tells her that she was raped, and that it was impossible for her to contact him to ask if he could be tested as a potential donor. Later the readers find out that the reason that her rapist cannot be contacted is because Susan had killed her attacker. She then confides that the murder was set up to make officials think the cause of the murder was most likely a robbery, this leads the reader to believe that Curtis Lewiston is the rapist.
The events start to come together by the end of the book as the connections of the murders, Adam's disappearance, Spencer's apparent suicide, and the need for a good donor for Susan's son are explained, and the origin of all of the mayhem is revealed.

</doc>
<doc id="20354319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354319" title="Richmond Is a Hard Road">
Richmond Is a Hard Road

"Richmond is a Hard Road to Travel" is a well-known Union Army song of the American Civil War, based on the song "Jordan is a Hard Road to Travel" by Daniel Decatur Emmett. It was popular with the union troops in the east, as it made fun of their commanders in the first two years of the war.
Each stanza mentions a separate campaign, starting with First Battle of Bull Run, the Valley Campaign, the Battle of Monitor and Merrimack, the Peninsula Campaign, the Second Battle of Bull Run, and the Battle of Fredericksburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20354320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354320" title="Independent Socialist Workers Party">
Independent Socialist Workers Party

The Independent Socialist Party () was a political party in Czechoslovakia. The party was founded in March 1923. The party included a number of former anarchists, who had joined the Czech Socialist Party in 1918. They had however been expelled from the Czechoslovak Socialist Party in 1923, as they opposed the Defense of the Republic Act. In the Czechoslovak National Assembly, the Independent Socialists formed a joint parliamentary group (Socialist Association) together with the Independent Radical Social Democratic Party of V. Brodecký. The two groups were set to merge, but Brodecký's group decided to merge with the Czechoslovak Social Democratic Workers Party. The Independent Socialist Party took the name Independent Socialist Workers Party () at a congress in June 1924.
Leading figures of the Independent Socialist Workers Party included Bohuslav Vrbenský, Theodor Bartošek and Luisa Landová-Štychová.
The third congress of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia, held in September 1925, approved the merger of the Independent Socialist Workers Party into the CPCz. Through the merger between the two parties, a large number of mining workers from Most district joined the CPCz.
The party was a member of the Labour and Socialist International between 1923 and 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="20354326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354326" title="1999 SEC Championship Game">
1999 SEC Championship Game

The 1999 SEC Championship Game was won by the Alabama Crimson Tide 34-7 over the Florida Gators. The game was played in the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia on December 4, 1999 and was televised to a national audience on CBS.

</doc>
<doc id="20354329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354329" title="Master of the Perkins Saint Paul">
Master of the Perkins Saint Paul

The Master of the Perkins Saint Paul was an Italian artist active during the third quarter of the fourteenth century. His origins are uncertain; he is believed to have been Tuscan, and has tentatively been linked by some historians with the city of Lucca. He appears to have been familiar with the work of Antonio Veneziano. A number of his works, including that from which his name is derived, are held by the Treasury of the Basilica of San Francesco d'Assisi.

</doc>
<doc id="20354333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354333" title="Sherwood Baptist Church">
Sherwood Baptist Church

Sherwood Baptist Church is a Baptist megachurch on Whispering Pines Road in Albany, Georgia, with over 2,000 attendants, however this number places it among the smallest of referenced "megachurches".
History.
Sherwood Baptist Church began meetings in the US Army Reserve building in 1955, now First Baptist Church Mission. A year later Sherwood got her own of land. Sherwood’s first pastor was Albert Cardwell, from 1955 to 1963. During his years as pastor, Dr. Cardwell saw continued growth through an expanded Sunday School and the construction of an educational building that could seat 750 people in 1958. This education space quickly doubled in capacity with further construction efforts. Reverend Law Mobly served as Sherwood’s second pastor from 1964 to 1967. 
Curtis Burge was pastor from 1968 to 1978. In 1973 the congregation began the construction a 1,000-seat sanctuary, including a bell tower, library, bridal and music suites, pipe organ, adult Sunday School department and all the furnishings and equipment. The building program cost $1,386,745 and was completed by February 1976.
W. A. “Billy” Smith served as Sherwood’s fourth pastor from 1979 until 1988. During this time, Sherwood continued to increase, and in 1983, the church completed a building program with the dedication of the Family Life Center. This $1.2 million facility included two handball courts, a basketball court, running track, weight room, ceramics room, offices and education space. Sherwood further expanded its ministry in 1985 when the church announced the opening of Sherwood Baptist Christian School, offering education for grades K-3 through eighth. Over $100,000 was raised in one month for the $400,000 property. 
Michael Catt has served as pastor since 1989. Sherwood built a prayer chapel in April 1991. Other new areas of ministry opened up during this time, including an expanded Media Ministry and the Alpha Crisis Pregnancy Center. Sherwood Baptist Christian School became Sherwood Christian Academy and offered classes through the twelfth grade. With the purchase of the Riverview Academy property in 1994, the middle and high schools moved to Old Pretoria Road. These new facilities included a cafeteria, library, auditorium, gymnasium and sports stadium. New construction in 2001 included a 2,250-seat Worship Center and a 300-seat Chapel. The New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary Extension Center opened its doors in 2000. The center now offers graduate classes for students in Albany and surrounding communities. outreach ministry. In 2001, the Strauss House opened across the street from the church. 
Schools.
Sherwood Christian Academy is a division of the church with two locations. The upper campus is located in Pretoria, while the lower campus is located in Albany. It is a private Baptist school. Uniforms are required and a religious class is taught. Sherwood owns Legacy Park in Pretoria. 
Media.
Sherwood Baptist Church runs and owns Sherwood Pictures, a film-production company which has produced "Flywheel" (2003), "Facing the Giants" (2006), "Fireproof" (2008), and "Courageous" (2011). It was started in 2002 by Alex Kendrick with $20,000 in donations. On September 30, 2011, Sherwood Pictures released their newest film "Courageous". 
In 2008 an arsonist tried to burn down Sherwood Baptist Church, on the same day as the Los Angeles premiere of "Fireproof".
Pastors.
The senior pastor is Michael Catt There are a number of associate pastors including Stephen Kendrick, Alex Kendrick, Ken Bevel and Smith

</doc>
<doc id="20354344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354344" title="Dorilla in Tempe">
Dorilla in Tempe

Dorilla in Tempe is a melodramma eroico pastorale in three acts by composer Antonio Vivaldi with an Italian libretto by Antonio Maria Lucchini. The opera premiered at the Teatro San Angelo in Venice on 9 November 1726. Vivaldi later revised the opera numerous times for several difference performances throughout the second half of his career.
History.
"Dorilla in Tempe" was well received at its premiere and became one of Vivaldi's personal favorites. The opera was the first work by Vivaldi to include in its cast the mezzo-soprano Anna Girò, who went on to form a lifelong friendship and professional partnership with the composer. The opera was also noted for its visual aspects, boasting some of the most elaborate sets (by Antonio Mauro) in the history of opera up to that point and for its beautiful choreography by Giovanni Galletto. 
In 1728 the opera was revived at the small Teatro San Margherita in Venice with an almost identical text, and again in Prague at the Sporck Theatre in the spring of 1732, this time with substantial alterations to the libretto. During Carnival 1734 the opera was revived at the Teatro San Angelo, this time as a pastiche using recent music by other composers, including Hasse, Giacomelli and Leo.
Music.
The only surviving score of "Dorilla in Tempe", located in Turin, is from this 1734 pastiche production. Fortunately, the score includes not only the many insertions into the opera but also a number of the deletions from earlier productions. Unusually for Vivaldi’s operatic scores, the sinfonia is clearly linked with the main opera: it follows the title-page instead of preceding it, and the music of its final movement – a C major version of the opening of the "Spring concerto"– reappears in the opera’s opening chorus, appropriately in praise of spring. The opera displays a pastoral nature, particularly in its choral and ballet music, that is at times mixed with heroic elements, as in the elaborate celebrations at the end of Act 2, where a hunt is enacted to the inevitable horn accompaniment.
Synopsis.
The story takes place in Tempe. Like the music, the plot intertwines pastoral and heroic elements and centers on the shepherd Nomio, who is in fact Apollo in disguise. Nomio falls in love with Dorilla, the daughter of Admeto, King of Thessaly, who is herself in love with the shepherd Elmiro. Admeto is forced by the gods to save his kingdom by offering his daughter as a sacrifice to the sea-serpent Pitone, but she is rescued just in time by Nomio. Nomio claims the hand of Dorilla as his reward, but she remains reluctant and escapes with Elmiro. The pair are captured, and Elmiro is sentenced to death. Finally, however, the intervention of Nomio, revealing his divine identity, saves the situation and Dorilla and Elmiro are reunited.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="20354362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354362" title="Cashmaster International Ltd">
Cashmaster International Ltd

Cashmaster International is a manufacturer of money counting machines based in Rosyth, Scotland. The company makes machines that count cash by weight, an alternative to counting cash manually or using a traditional friction based banknote counter.
History.
The company was founded in 1977 as a provider of bespoke electronic solutions using core microprocessor applications. In 1987 Cashmaster International was formed and started providing count by weight machines. The company introduced a modern production facility in 2007. It is family owned.
Noels House Party.
Noel's House Party was a popular BBC television show in the 1990s which featured a competition called Grab-A-Grand in which a celebrity would grab as much money as possible in a minute from a clear booth pumped with air and filled with notes. At the end of the minute the money had to be counted quickly and it was a bespoke Cashmaster machine which was used on stage to do this. 
Present company.
Cashmaster currently have offices in the UK, Turkey, France, Germany, Spain, Italy, Poland and the US with their head office in Rosyth, Scotland. They currently have clients in over 32 countries.
Cashmaster have been noted in the press for working with HMV.

</doc>
<doc id="20354363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354363" title="Master of the Assisi Choirbooks">
Master of the Assisi Choirbooks

The Master of the Assisi Choirbooks was an Italian manuscript illuminator active during the last quarter of the thirteenth century. Umbrian or Roman in origin, he is associated with work done for the Basilica of San Francesco d'Assisi; he seems to have known Cimabue's work for that church, and his work also indicates the influence of both the Master of the San Lorenzo Choirbooks and the Master of the Deruta-Salerno Missals.

</doc>
<doc id="20354371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354371" title="Left Front (Czechoslovakia)">
Left Front (Czechoslovakia)

The Left Front () was an organization of left-wing intellectuals in Czechoslovakia, founded in 1929 on the initiative of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="20354390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354390" title="Loma Linda University Church of Seventh-day Adventists">
Loma Linda University Church of Seventh-day Adventists

The Loma Linda University Church of Seventh-day Adventists is a Seventh-day Adventist church in Loma Linda, California. It is home to one of the largest Adventist congregations in the world, with about 7,000 members.
The church, which is on the campus of Loma Linda University, hosts two weekly worship services, Sabbath School, and vespers programs on Saturday, which are broadcast live on the Loma Linda Broadcasting Network, as well as weekly programs for the University. There are often mid-week evening Bible study services in the Campus Chapel.
Beliefs.
The Loma Linda University church is a part of the worldwide Seventh-day Adventist Church from which it derives its beliefs. The Adventist Church shares many beliefs with other Protestant Christian Churches. Like other Christians, Adventist believe in Jesus as their lord and saviour. They view him as the divine Son of God; part of the trinity. Adventists believe in Protestant concept of "sola scriptura,"meaning they consider the bible the ultimate authority on matters of faith. Adventists believe God grants everyone free will and invites all to use their free will to come to Jesus for eternal life. Historically, the Adventist church has officially advocated the Genesis creation narrative; however, there is a wide variety of viewpoints within the church, including those that believe in evolution and theistic evolution. The official statement of belief regarding the subject is specifically worded to allow a variety of viewpoints. Adventists were founded through a belief in the second advent. Unlike most other Christians, Adventists hold worship services on Saturday, not Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="20354391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354391" title="Tik Chi-yuen">
Tik Chi-yuen

Tik Chi-yuen (), SBS, JP is the vice-chairman of Democratic Party, Hong Kong. He is a registered social worker. He was a member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council and the North District Council. He was the chairman of the Committee on Home-School Co-operation, member of the Commission on Strategic Development, Council for Sustainable Development and the Commission on Poverty.
In 2008, Tik took part in the social welfare functional constituency election in the Hong Kong legislative election, 2008. But he was defeated by Cheung Kwok Che, the president of the Hong Kong Social Workers General Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20354398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354398" title="Love In Singapore">
Love In Singapore

Love In Singapore is a 2009 Malayalam movie by Rafi Mecartin which had Mammootty in the lead role.
Plot and setting.
The movie stars Mammootty as Machu, an orphan who became rich by selling scrap. The prime location for the film is in a large hall at a bottle recycling factory in Kochi. Machu starts off rather humbly but soon gets rich. Now his scrap business has branches all over India. Machu, who is uneducated, keeps a low profile and prefers to hang out with his two sidekicks, Shukkoor (Salim Kumar) and Narayanan (Bijukuttan). A chance meeting with Andrews Perreira (Nedumudi Venu), a high-flying businessman based in Singapore, changes Machu’s life forever. Perreira invites him to Singapore to start a dealership. Before long Machu develops a flair for international business.
Tamil and Telugu actor Navneet Kaur is the heroine. She plays the role of Perreira’s daughter, Diana. "The character comes from a rich family and has lived in Singapore. So we decided to go for someone who looks cosmopolitan," says the director duo regarding their choice. Apart from Kochi, the other locations for "Love in Singapore" are at Karaikudi and Singapore.
Production.
The film was produced by Rafi, under the banner M.H.M. Productions. Lyrics of Rajeev Alumkal and Santosh Varma have been set to music by Suresh Peters. The still photographer is Sunil Guruvayur.

</doc>
<doc id="20354399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354399" title="Master of the Golden Altar">
Master of the Golden Altar

The Master of the Golden Altar was a German painter, active in the area around Lüneburg during the fifteenth century. His name is derived from an altarpiece dating most likely to 1418, formerly in St. Michael's church in Lüneburg and now held by a museum in Hanover.

</doc>
<doc id="20354400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354400" title="McCormick family">
McCormick family

The McCormick family, of Chicago and Virginia is a famous American industrial, media, real estate, and political family of Scottish and Irish descent that attained prominence and fortune starting with the invention of the McCormick Reaper, the machine that revolutionized agriculture and became one of the most recognized brands in the world (McCormick Harvesting Machine Company and later, International Harvester). The family also went into real estate and media and publishing (Tribune Company) and were well known as society leaders in Chicago. During much of the 19th and 20th centuries, they were a powerful and controversial group, and perhaps one of the largest philanthropic entities of their time. They are descended from the grandfather of modern agriculture, inventor Robert McCormick, Jr. (1780–1846) and Mary Ann "Polly" Hall of Steele's Tavern, Virginia. Their second son Robert Hall McCormick died as a teenager while their fifth and youngest son John Prestly McCormick died as a young adult.
Legacy.
The McCormicks are remembered through their philanthropy, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20354409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354409" title="Upper Prespa dialect">
Upper Prespa dialect

The Upper Prespa dialect () is a member of the western subgroup of the western group of dialects of the Macedonian language. The dialect is spoken in the town of Resen and surrounding areas. The Upper Prespa dialect is very similar to the Lower Prespa dialect and the Ohrid dialect.

</doc>
<doc id="20354414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354414" title="Jamie Duff">
Jamie Duff

Jamie Duff (born 26 January 1989 in Inverness, Scotland) is a Scottish professional association football player who is currently with Elgin City.
Duff broke into the Inverness Caledonian Thistle first team during the early part of the 2008–09 season, making his senior début in a 1–0 defeat by Hamilton Academical. He signed for Elgin City in 2010.
Duff represented the Scotland under–21 level team for the first time in a 3–1 defeat against Northern Ireland in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20354419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354419" title="Master of the Berswordt Altar">
Master of the Berswordt Altar

The Master of the Berswordt Altar (sometimes called the Master of the Crucifixion in the Marienkirche at Dortmund) was a German painter, active in the area around Dortmund during the 14th and 15th centuries. A number of works around Westphalia, including one in Bielefeld, are attributed to him.

</doc>
<doc id="20354426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354426" title="The Hard Life">
The Hard Life

The Hard Life: An Exegesis of Squalor is a comic novel by Flann O'Brien (pen name of Brian O'Nolan). Published in 1961, it was O'Brien's fourth novel and the third to be published. (He wrote "The Third Policeman" in 1939, but it was published only posthumously, in 1967). Set in turn-of-the-century Dublin, "The Hard Life" is a satirical Bildungsroman which deals the education and upbringing of the narrator, Finbarr, and his brother Manus. The novel offers a mocking critique of certain representatives of the Roman Catholic Church, the development of Irish identity, and the function of formal education. The novel was initially very popular, with its first print selling out within forty-eight hours (p. 271), and has been republished several times in Ireland, the UK and USA, both as a stand-alone work and most recently in "Flann O'Brien: The Complete Novels" (Everyman's Library, 2007).
Plot summary.
The story opens with Finbarr the narrator recalling the death of his mother in 1890, when he was around five years old. He and his brother Manus (often called simply "the brother" in the story) are raised in the home of their half-uncle, Mr Collopy. Collopy lives with his partner Mrs Crotty - it is unclear if they are married and the narrator can only speculate why she retained the name of her first husband - and Annie, Collopy's daughter from an earlier marriage. Finbarr describes Collopy's home as a squalid environment where the boys are served greasy meatballs for dinner and a household with a "dead atmosphere" with little opportunity for amusement. Collopy and the parish priest, a German Jesuit domiciled in Dublin and bearing the comical name of Father Fahrt, frequently indulge in long bouts of drinking and none of the adults exhibit much concern for the child's welfare.
Finbarr and his brother are sent to different schools, but both are run by the Catholic Christian Brothers, both boys detest their schools with equal passion, and O'Brien mocks both with equal contempt. Finbarr's first impression of his school is that it resembles a prison, he describes the horrors of corporal punishment by "the leather" in detail, and refers to "struggling through the wretched homework, cursing Wordsworth and Euclid and Christian Doctrine and similar scourges of youth". Finbarr attends Synge Street Christian Brothers School, the former school of O'Brien/O'Nolan himself, while Manus attends Westland Row Christian Brothers School. 
Manus is both resourceful and deceitful, and while still at school comes up with a cunning idea to raise money. He offers distance-learning courses for a small fee on a wide variety of subjects about which he knows very little. He researches information on these subjects in the local library and re-hashes the prose of encyclopedias, writing in a pseudo-intellectual, abstruse style deliberately designed to look impressive but remain incomprehensible. This business proves extremely successful and eventually he leaves school and emigrates to London, where he offers a wider range of courses and also develops medicinal remedies to sell. 
The novel shows that Mr Collopy is dedicating his time to the pursuit of a certain social or political cause, but never states the nature of this cause directly. Early in the novel, it appears that the issue holds considerable gravity: we know that it concerns women's rights and that Collopy is rallying the Dublin Corporation to implement some kind of change, and trying to persuade Father Fahrt for the support of the church. However, later in the novel it becomes clear that the issue in question is the establishment of public lavatories in Dublin, and while Collopy is campaigning for this, he is clearly just as prudish as the Dublin authorities he is fighting against, because he will only mention the issue through euphemisms or circumlocutions.
When Collopy falls ill, Manus sends Finbarr one of his potions "Gravid Water" to help him. However, Finbarr administers the wrong dosage of Gravid Water, which causes rapid weight gain and eventually leads to Collopy's death. Manus also devises a scheme to get Collopy and Father Fahrt an audience with Pope Pius X, so that he can garner his support for the lavatory campaign. However, Manus is aware that the Pope will have little time for Collopy and Fahrt, and enjoys the spectacle of their humiliation, as the angry Pope - in a mixture of Latin and Italian - quite literally "sends them to Hell". The novel closes with Finbarr vomiting out of a feeling of disgust for his brother's lack of morals and the squalid and hypocritical world in which he lives.
The novel opens in 1890 and the date on Collopy's gravestone is 1910, so, in theory, the events in the novel should span over a twenty-year period. However, this appears to be contradicted by the fact that the narrator, Finbarr, is still in school when Collopy dies, which is highly unlikely, as he would now be twenty-four years old. This presents us with a chronological problem.
Major themes.
"The Hard Life" is dominated by a spirit of squalor and despair. The Dublin that the boys inhabit is a decaying city, and they are brought up in a broken family. Much of the satirical humor of the book targets the Roman Catholic Church and its schools: the theological disputes between Father Fahrt and Collopy are ridiculed, and often even the boys correct their misunderstandings. However, as Clissmann points out, O'Brien remained a practising Catholic throughout his life and his attack can be read as one against particular individuals and practices rather than the institution as a whole.
The book also pokes fun at education and how gullible people can be deceived by flowery prose. Manus is easily able to deceive the public when he sells pamphlets on diverse subjects despite relying on repackaging information from library books. While Manus's scheme initially seems clever and attractive to the narrator, after Collopy's death he realizes its moral bankruptcy and rejects it.
Literary significance and reception.
The first print run of "The Hard Life" sold out in Dublin in less than forty-eight hours, and initial review were very positive. Graham Greene, to whom the novel is dedicated, responded warmly to the dedication, and reviewers such as Maurice Edelman and Anthony Burgess complimented the novel by comparing it to the works of James Joyce. Other newspaper reviews praised the work for its "first rate dialogue", its "wild, hilarious, irreverent comedy" and its "glorious version of the English language.
However, many recent critical studies of the novel suggest that it is the weakest of O'Brien's novels. Keith Donohue (2007) writes that "in terms of sheer artistry, the novel is far more conservative" than O'Brien's early work and considers O'Brien's choice of themes "oddly oblique", arguing the prudish Catholicism that O'Brien was targeting was waning by the early 1960s anyway. Sue Asbee (1991) comments "it is unlikely that the work would remain in print today" if it were not for the strength of O'Brien's other novels. Anne Clissmann (1975) suggests the "lavatory humour" of the novel quickly loses its appeal and concludes ""The Hard Life" is ultimately unsatisfying to read because it lacks coherence and is too one-sided a vision of squalid reality."
References to other works.
The Bildungsroman genre typically deals with a protagonist coming-of-age and experiencing the joys and sorrows of growing up: education, finding a job, finding a partner. Typical examples of the Bildungsroman genre in the Irish tradition include George Moore's "Confessions of a Young Man" (1888) and Joyce's "A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man" (1914-5); the prototype of the genre is Goethe's "Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship" (1795–96). "The Hard Life" clearly mocks this tradition: Finbarr and Manus grow up in a squalid society which has little to offer them. Manus makes money and wins friends by deceiving them, and although the novel's conclusion shows Finbarr rejecting this path, it is uncertain how his future will develop.
"The Hard Life" is often compared to the prose of James Joyce, particularly his collection of short stories "Dubliners." While Sue Asbee suggests that such a comparison is "almost insulting" to Joyce, she admits that there are similarities: both deal with the squalor of turn-of-the-century Dublin, alcoholism, the power of the Catholic Church. She notes that "The Hard Life", like most of the stories in the Dubliners, end with a moment of enlightenment for the protagonist but without resolution of the problems. It is also noteworthy that the narrator falls in love with a girl called Penelope and compares her with the character of this name in Greek Mythology - obviously recalling Joyce's " 
Ulysses."
Clissmann points out that the device of using language pedantically as a source of humour has much in common with O'Brien's other novels, especially "The Dalkey Archive", although she suggests that "The Hard Life" is less successful because it "gives the impression of trying to be "too" funny, "too pedantic".". Donoghue suggests that "The Hard Life" has more in common with O'Brien's journalism (written under the name Myles na gCopaleen) than his other novels.
References to actual history and geography.
The novel is set amid the rise of Irish nationalism, the Gaelic revival and increased calls for Home Rule and Irish independence. Nationalist feeling does not feature prominently in the novel, but Collopy does comment on the rise of the Home Rule movement and remarked with pleasure that he sees young men playing "native games" rather than "this new golf" which "for pity's sake isn't a game at all". By placing these words in the mouth of one of his limited comic characters, Collopy, O'Brien is lightly mocking Irish identity by showing how it is based on anti-British sentiment as much as a positive affirmation of Irishness. 
A number of real Dublin locations are mentioned in the novel: Collopy lives at Warrington Place, an extension of Herbert Place. As noted above, the two schools alluded to in the novel are real: Synge Street Christian Brothers Schools and Westland Row Christian Brothers School. The Dublin Corporation, which rejects Collopy's plans for the installation of women's lavatories, was a historical body of city government which has now been renamed Dublin City Council.
The closing chapters describe real locations in Rome and the Vatican. Manus buries Collopy in Rome at the Campo Verano cemetery and claims that the inscription he places on the headstone is an ironic joke on Keats' headstone. According to the novel, Keats' headstone reads "Here lies one whose name was writ "on" water" and Collopy's "Here lies one whose name was writ "in" water." (p. 602) The joke here refers to Collopy's devotion to lavatories: Collopy wished to his name written on the walls of the lavatories. However, either Manus or O'Brien himself is mistaken: Keats' headstone itself reads "Here lies one whose name was writ "in" water", a self-lacerating reference to the negative reviews that his poetry received.
Publication history.
Details of the first edition: 1961, Dublin, Ireland: MacGibbon and Kee. ISBN 0-261-61637-4, Pub. date 1 December 1961, Hardback. 
The first American edition was published in 1962 by Pantheon Books.
There have been numerous editions by publishers based in the UK, Ireland and the USA since 1962. Most recently, "The Hard Life" has been included in a volume of collected works: "Flann O'Brien: The Complete Novels", New York, Toronto and London: Everyman's Library, 2007. ISBN 0-307-26749-8 . Hardback.
Interestingly, at least one critic has posited that O'Brien was hoping "The Hard Life" would be banned under the Censorship of Publications Act because this would arouse curiosity about the book and could often lead to increased publicity and sales. Censorship would also give him the opportunity to enter into a legal battle against the government, with the possibility of further publicity.

</doc>
<doc id="20354443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354443" title="Sam Fisher">
Sam Fisher

Sam Fisher or Samuel Fisher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20354455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354455" title="1998 SEC Championship Game">
1998 SEC Championship Game

The 1998 SEC Championship Game was won by the Tennessee Volunteers 24-14 over the Mississippi State Bulldogs. The game was played in the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia on December 5, 1998 and was televised to a national audience on ABC.
Mississippi State took a 14-10 lead in the fourth quarter with an 83-yard punt return. The game was clinched when Tee Martin threw two touchdown passes (Peerless Price and Cedric Wilson) in the span on 32 seconds in the fourth quarter.

</doc>
<doc id="20354459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20354459" title="Master of the Regular Canons' Altarpiece">
Master of the Regular Canons' Altarpiece

The Master of the Regular Canons' Altarpiece was a German painter, active in the area around Erfurt during the fifteenth century. He is named for an altarpiece painted for the church of the regular canons in Erfurt, dated to between 1450 and 1460; in addition one of his works is held by the Alte Pinakothek in Munich.

</doc>
