<doc id="20384579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384579" title="2009 Pacific hurricane season">
2009 Pacific hurricane season

The 2009 Pacific hurricane season was the most active Pacific hurricane season since 1994. The season officially started on May 15 in the eastern Pacific, and on June 1 for the central Pacific, and officially ended on November 30, 2009. For the first time in ten years, no tropical depressions formed during the month of May. This inactivity continued into the early part of June and was the least active since 1994. The first named storm of the season did not develop until June 21, marking the latest start to a Pacific hurricane season in 40 years. However, according to the NHC's tropical weather summary, August 2009, with seven named storms in their region, was one of the most active Augusts on record for the basin. This level of activity had rarely occurred, if at all, in the past 41 years, since 1968, when the most active August on record for the region with eight named storms occurred. When Hurricane Rick reached Category 5 strength on October 17, 2009, it became the first Category 5 Eastern Pacific hurricane since Ioke in 2006, and the second-strongest Pacific hurricane on record, behind 1997's Linda.
__TOC__
Seasonal forecasts.
On May 21, 2009, NOAA released their forecast for the 2009 Eastern Pacific and Central Pacific hurricane seasons. They predicted a below-normal level of activity in the Eastern Pacific, with 13 to 18 named storms, of which 6 to 10 were expected to become hurricanes, and 2 to 5 expected to become major hurricanes. The forecast was based on the dissipation of a La Niña in April 2009. Sea surface temperatures were near normal around the equator makes the season an ENSO-neutral. Additionally, an El Niño was forecast to develop during the latter part of the season. Depending on the intensity of the El Niño, forecasters were unsure of whether or not it would have an effect on the overall activity in the basin. However, due to the low-activity cycle that began in 1995, the El Niño only brought the activity to a slightly above normal season.
The Central Pacific basin was also expected to be slightly below average, with three to five tropical cyclones expected to form or cross into the area. However, it was slightly more active than expected, the number of three to five was exceeded, as seven tropical cyclones moved into or formed in the Central Pacific.
Season summary.
The 2009 eastern Pacific season was characterized as "near-normal", featuring 17 named storms, 7 hurricanes and 4 major hurricanes. The central Pacific experienced above-average activity with three additional storms forming west of 140°W and three more crossing over from the eastern Pacific. The overall number of storms contrasted to a relative lull in activity experienced over the previous decade. During the course of the year, large-scale factors such as an El Niño and two Madden–Julian oscillations greatly contributed to the changed pattern. The season's activity, east of 140°W, was reflected with a near-average cumulative accumulated cyclone energy (ACE) rating of 100, roughly 94% of the 30-year median. ACE is, broadly speaking, a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed, so storms that last a long time, as well as particularly strong hurricanes, have high ACEs. ACE is only calculated for full advisories on tropical systems at or exceeding 34 knots (39 mph, 63 km/h) or tropical storm strength.
The 2009 season started at a below-average pace, with only one named storm forming by the end of June. This marked the first time since 2000 that no tropical storms formed during the month of May; however, on average only one storm develops in the month every other year. The ten year span of May named storms marked the longest occurrence of this event. The first hurricane of the year, Hurricane Andres, also became the first June hurricane since Hurricane Carlotta in 2000. Below-average activity continued into July with four named storms forming. By the end of the month, season to date ACE values were roughly 37% of the long-term mean, the sixth lowest since reliable records began in 1971.
An abrupt shift in activity took place during August as seven named storms formed, three of which became major hurricanes. This marked the most storms to form in a single month since 1985 and the most in August since 1968. Of these storms, Hurricane Jimena became the first cyclone of the season to make landfall, as well as the strongest storm to strike the west coast Baja California Sur, alongside Hurricane Norbert in 2008. Following the well-above average August, September experienced below-average activity with ACE reaching 70% of the long-term mean. The final month of activity featured the second-strongest storm on record in the eastern Pacific: Hurricane Rick. A Category 5 storm, Rick attained winds of 180 mph (285 km/h) off the coast of Mexico on October 18 before succumbing to increased wind shear and dry air. ACE for the month was 59% above average, mostly attributed to Rick.
Storms.
Tropical Depression One-E.
The first system of season, One-E formed out of a tropical wave on June 18 roughly 405 mi (650 km) south-southwest of Mazatlán and initially tracked slowly northwards. Throughout the day, convection developed around the center of circulation and the system was anticipated to become a tropical storm. Late on June 18, the National Hurricane Center noted that the system was on the verge of becoming a tropical storm. However, the following day, strong wind shear caused the depression to rapidly degenerate into a trough of low pressure before dissipating off the coast of Sinaloa.
Although no longer a tropical cyclone, the remnants of the depression brought moderate rainfall to parts of Sinaloa, Nayarit and Jalisco. High winds accompanied the rainfall and left about 50,000 residences without power. Several trees were downed and some structures sustained damage from fresh water flooding. Landslides occurred along major highways and significant structural damage was reported around Mazatlán. However, there was no loss of life or reports of injuries.
Hurricane Andres.
Hurricane Andres formed on June 21 out of an area of disturbed weather associated with a shower and thunder storm that crossed Central America a few days earlier. Andres gradually intensified as it tracked along the Mexican coastline. Deep convection developed around the center of circulation and by June 23, the storm attained hurricane-status, peaking with winds of 80 mph (130 km/h). Upon attaining this intensity, the storm featured a developing eyewall within a central dense overcast. Within 36 hours, the storm rapidly degenerated, having most of the convection being displaced by high wind shear, becoming a non-tropical trough during the afternoon of June 24.
Prior to becoming a tropical depression, Andres produced heavy rainfall Oaxaca and Honduras, resulting in two deaths. Rough seas off the coast of Guerrero resulted in one fatality. Inland, flooding caused by heavy rains killed two people and injured twenty. Several dozen structures were damaged and a few were destroyed. Following the storm, roughly 350 people were left homeless.
Tropical Storm Blanca.
On June 29, a tropical wave originating off the coast of Africa entered the eastern Pacific. Convection associated with the wave gradually consolidated around a low pressure system by July 4. Further organization took place over the next two days before the low was declared a tropical depression on July 6; upon classification, the depression was situated roughly 435 mi (700 km) south of Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. Tracking west-northwest in response to a mid-level ridge, the depression quickly intensified into a tropical storm, at which time it was named Blanca. During the day, satellite imagery depicted an eye-like feature; however, this did not develop further and was no longer present a few hours later. Early on July 7, Blanca attained peak winds of 50 mph (85 km/h) before succumbing to decreasing sea surface temperatures. Convection gradually diminished over the following days and the system degenerated into a remnant low by July 9. Remaining a well-defined system, the remnants continued northwestward before turning due north and dissipating on July 12 over the open waters of the Pacific.
Hurricane Carlos.
On July 9, showers and thunderstorms associated with an area of disturbed weather located about south of the
southern tip of Baja California became more concentrated around a developing low level centre. In the early hours of July 10, the system was designated as Tropical Depression Four-E, and the NHC commenced advisories. Around 2:00 p.m. PDT, the system strengthened into Tropical Storm Carlos. On July 11, Tropical Storm Carlos strengthened into a minimal Category 1 hurricane. It also developed a small eye feature, based on satellite presentation. However, by morning of July 12, the National Hurricane Center noted that the small eye-like feature had disappeared. Overnight on July 11 through the morning of July 12, the structure of Carlos became disorganized for unknown reasons. Deep convection contracted to a small region around the center of circulation and the overall size of the storm diminished. In the early afternoon hours, the continued degeneration of the system led to its downgrade to tropical storm status. Throughout the rest of the 12th and until mid-day on July 13, Carlos continued to weaken, but the weakening trend slightly abated, enough for Carlos to reintensify slightly, from 50 mph to 65 mph. The NHC that day predicted Carlos to either stay at 65 mph for the next three days or so, or to constantly fluctuate in intensity.
However, by July 14, a new eye wall developed and Carlos was given hurricane status again. It rapidly intensified to a peak of 105 mph (165 km/h). By the end of July 14, the eye had started to get less defined, and on July 15, the system began a weakening trend. On July 16, Carlos degenerated into a remnant low, and the final advisory was issued.
Tropical Storm Dolores.
On July 11, a broad area of low pressure developed within a tropical wave several hundred miles south of Acapulco, Mexico. Shower and thunderstorm activity associated with the system gradually increased over the next several days as it tracked west-northwestward. By July 15, the low became sufficiently organized and was declared a tropical depression roughly 695 mi (1,120 km) of Manzanillo, Colima. Turning towards the northwest in response to a ridge over Mexico, the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Dolores later that day. Despite southwesterly wind shear displacing the center of Dolores from the deepest convection, the system continued to strengthen, attaining peak winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) on July 16. Shortly thereafter, convection associated with the storm dissipated, possibly due to entrainment of dry air. Later that day the system degenerated into a remnant low and gradually weakened. The remnants eventually dissipated on July 19 roughly 995 mi (1,600 km) west-southwest of Los Angeles, California.
Tropical Storm Lana.
On July 30, the NHC began issuing advisories on Tropical Depression Six-E near the Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility. Later that day, it moved into the Central Pacific as a tropical depression, quickly strengthening into Tropical Storm Lana, the first Central Pacific storm since 2008's Kika. Lana is one of four central Pacific tropical cyclones to form as a depression in the eastern Pacific but be named in the Central; the others are Lala, Iniki, and Li. Lana was also the first tropical cyclone to cross from the eastern north to central north Pacific since 2007's Flossie. It also started to develop an eye feature, based on satellite imagery. But, southerly shear, introduced by a large upper-level trough, caused Lana to become slightly disorganized on July 31. Despite this, Lana reached its peak intensity of 65 mph early on August 1, and slowly weakened to become a very disorganized, yet still fairly strong tropical storm, maintaining maximum winds of 50 mph for the next couple of days. However, Lana weakened to a tropical depression late on August 2, while continuing to quickly become disorganized. Lana degenerated to a remnant low on August 3, roughly 580 miles southwest of Honolulu, and 410 miles east of Johnston Island, with the CPHC issuing their last advisory at the same time. Lana's remnants lingered for the next day or so, until dissipating on August 4.
Tropical Storm Enrique.
Tropical Storm Enrique developed out of a broad area of low pressure several hundred miles south-southwest of Baja California Sur. The center of circulation was embedded within a central dense overcast and located within an area favoring further development. The depression tracked just north of due west in response to a mid-tropospheric ridge north of the system. Upon becoming a tropical cyclone, second area of low pressure, that would later become Hurricane Felicia located nine degrees of longitude to the west, had the possibility to develop into a tropical depression and possibly influence the system. Late on August 3, the depression intensified to a tropical storm and was given the name Enrique. Enrique strengthened to reach a peak intensity of 65 mph on August 4. However, interaction with Hurricane Felicia weakened the system late that evening, with maximum winds decreasing to 50 mph. Enrique maintained winds of 50 mph for the next day or so, until early on August 6, when the NHC downgraded Enrique to depression status. On August 7, the NHC issued their final advisory on Enrique as the system degenerated into a remnant low.
Hurricane Felicia.
Hurricane Felicia developed out of a broad area of low pressure that formed several hundred miles southwest of Baja California Sur on August 3, developing into Tropical Depression Eight-E the next day, shortly after Tropical Depression Seven-E formed directly to the east. It strengthened into a tropical storm and was named Felicia early on August 4. It rapidly strengthened that morning as an eyewall quickly developed, the rapid intensification being attributed to warm water along the forecast track, which allowed for more rapid intensification. Felicia continued to intensify and became a hurricane that afternoon. Rapid intensification continued into that evening, and the NHC upgraded Felicia to a Category 2 hurricane. It continued to rapidly strengthen, becoming the first major hurricane of the season on the morning of August 5, when the NHC upgraded it to a Category 3 hurricane. Later that day, Felicia rapidly intensified to a Category 4 hurricane, with maximum winds increasing to 145 mph (230 km/h), making it the strongest storm in the Eastern Pacific since Daniel in 2006. The NHC predicted that Felicia would rapidly weaken during the next couple of days starting on August 6, but it was also noted by the NHC that Felicia was displaying annular hurricane characteristics, which would allow for it to maintain intensity for longer than expected over marginal SSTS.
On August 8 it crossed into the Central Pacific basin, gradually weakening to a tropical storm and then a tropical depression as it approached the Hawaiian Islands. Tropical storm and flash flood watches were issued on August 7 for the Big Island of Hawaii and Maui County, and were extended to include Oahu on August 9. The watches for the Big Island were later canceled as the track for Felicia appeared to turn toward the north. All watches were canceled at 11 a.m. HST August 11 as Felicia dissipated to a remnant low.
Tropical Depression Nine-E.
Tropical Depression Nine-E developed out of a small area of low pressure west-southwest of Baja California on August 9. Nine-E initially formed as a tropical wave that had entered the eastern Pacific on August 1, but was ill-defined, and difficult to trace. The NHC had initially forecast Nine-E to strengthen to a tropical storm by August 10, but moderate shear inhibited development, and the depression was no longer forecast to strengthen to a tropical storm, as the shear inhibited deep convection within the depression's circulation. Shear continually inhibited development until the end, when Nine-E degenerated to a remnant low on August 12. The next day, the NHC noted the possibility for regeneration of the system, although, by late on the 14th, the disturbance had weakened, and was becoming embedded in the ITCZ, as a result, the probability for regeneration was low. Nine-E's remnants dissipated on August 15, while located just within the central Pacific.
Tropical Storm Maka.
Tropical Storm Maka was first identified on August 8, 2010 by the Central Pacific Hurricane Center (CPHC) as an area of disturbed weather roughly 835 mi (1,345 km) south of Lihue, Hawaii. Situated over warm waters, estimated at and within an area of low wind shear, the system gradually intensified as it tracked northwestward in response to a subtropical ridge to the north. By August 11, convection had consolidated around an area of low pressure that formed within the system. Since further development was expected, a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert was issued. Shortly thereafter, the CPHC upgraded the low to a tropical depression, assigning it with the identifier One-C. Over the following 12 hours, further development took place, and the depression intensified into a tropical storm. Upon attaining this intensity, the storm was given the name "Maka" from the list of names for the Central Pacific basin. The next afternoon, the final advisory on Maka was issued as it weakened, degenerating into a remnant low, likely caused by unexpected shear. The remnants of Tropical Storm Maka crossed the international dateline and moved into the Western Pacific, regenerating into a tropical depression.
Hurricane Guillermo.
Hurricane Guillermo formed on August 12 from a broad area of low pressure nearly 700 miles SW of Baja California. The system developed a good series of banding features and convection, and as a result, in the afternoon later that day, it strengthened into a tropical storm, the seventh in the eastern Pacific that year. On August 14, it strengthened to become the fourth hurricane of the season, concurrent to the development of a good, banding type eye. That afternoon, Guillermo strengthened to a Category 2 hurricane with maximum winds increasing to 100 mph (155 km/h). Early on August 15, Guillermo intensified to become the second major hurricane of the season, as it was upgraded by the NHC to a Category 3 hurricane, with maximum winds increasing to 125 mph (205 km/h). On August 16 it crossed into the Central Pacific basin as a Category 1 hurricane, and then quickly weakened to a tropical storm thereafter due to very high wind shear. Despite over very strong as high as 45 mph of shear, Guillermo survived as a weak tropical storm for a further 3 days before weakening to a depression and dissipating on August 19 near the west coast.
Although Guillermo remained well away from land, large swells produced by the system resulted in surf along the eastern coasts of the Hawaiian Islands between August 18 and 19.
Tropical Storm Hilda.
Tropical Depression Eleven-E formed toward the western edge of the eastern Pacific basin on August 22, and soon strengthened to become Tropical Storm Hilda. The next day it crossed the 140°W meridian and passed into the CPHC's area of responsibility. On August 26, Hilda quickly weakened to a depression after several small pulses of brief convection in the disorganized center, but these waned quickly when it weakened to depression status. Hilda also attempted, but failed, to reorganize its overall structure throughout the late 25th and most of the 26th. The system's structure continued to degrade, and finally, on August 28, the CPHC issued their final advisory on Hilda, as it had degenerated into a remnant low. The remnants of Hilda lingered for several days, until finally dissipating on the 31st.
Tropical Storm Ignacio.
Ignacio formed as a portion of the same tropical wave that caused the formation of Tropical Storm Ana in the Atlantic. The portion of the wave that would become Ignacio crossed Central America for three days, from August 16 to the 19th, and the next day, while the wave axis was located over the eastern Pacific, shower and thunderstorm activity began to increase, but associated convection remained minimal. Two days later, on the 22nd, the wave transformed into a broad area of low pressure, with convective activity organizing enough over the next couple of days to be classified as Tropical Depression Twelve-E on August 24 about 660 mi (1060 km) SW of the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula. Though convection within the rainband located along the western semicircle of the system diminished somewhat, the system continued to become better organized, and became a tropical storm that evening, receiving the name "Ignacio". Despite the upgrade, the storm was not well organized, with several smaller swirls rotating around a common cyclonic gyre. Ignacio weakened to a tropical depression on the morning of August 27 as it moved over sub-26°C SSTs, the lowest tempuratrue nedded to matain a tropical cyclone and entered an environment of stable air. The system continued to weaken, and degenerated into an area of low pressure later that day.
Hurricane Jimena.
Tropical Depression Thirteen-E formed out of an area of disturbed weather associated with a tropical wave that had formed in the western Caribbean, moving across Central America earlier in the week, and slowly developed off the west coast of Mexico, about 200 miles south of Acapulco, until it organized into a tropical depression early in the morning of August 29. It soon strengthened to become Tropical Storm Jimena, and intensified rapidly to become a Category 2 hurricane later the same day as a pinhole eye developed. The next day it strengthened into a Category 3 hurricane, becoming the third major hurricane of season. Later that day, it continued to intensify and became a Category 4 hurricane. However, by the morning of August 31, the eye had become less defined, likely because of an eyewall replacement cycle. The NHC noted in their tropical weather discussion released at 8 p.m. PDT on the 31st that Jimena "may" have been a Category 5 earlier in the day; however, the intensity was not upgraded in the post-season analysis. As Jimena moved over cooler waters, and shear began to increase, it began to weaken starting on September 1, weakening below major hurricane status later that day. The storm soon made first landfall of the season as a weak Category 2 early the next day near Cabo San Lazaro, Mexico. Jimena then made second and final landfall as a weakening Category 1 later that day, near San Buenaventura, Mexico, also causing an unknown amount of damage there. Finally, around 0300 UTC on the 3rd, Jimena weakened to a tropical storm, but despite reemerging in the Gulf of California, Jimena continued to weaken. Early on September 4, the storm weakened to a tropical depression, while moving extremely slowly over the Gulf of California, and it degenerated into a remnant low later that day.
Owing to the storm's slow movement, torrential rains fell over much of Baja California Sur and Sinaloa, resulting in widespread flooding. In Guaymas, a record 26.54 in (671.9 mm) of rain fell in association with Jimena. According to a report by Mexico's Centro Nacional de Prevención de Desastres, the magnitude of the event was analyzed to be a once in 2000 year occurrence. Thousands of homes were damaged or destroyed across Baja California and much of Puerto Lopez Mateos was leveled. Significant damage to infrastructure not only left people without water and power, it hampered relief efforts as many towns were isolated from surrounding areas. At least six people were killed and an estimated 72,000 were affected across the region. Total losses related to Hurricane Jimena reached 2.3 billion pesos ($173.9 million).
Tropical Depression Two-C.
A small area of disturbed weather developed into Tropical Depression Two-C to the southwest of Kauai at 1200 UTC on August 28. Despite favorable conditions, sustained winds did not exceed 35 mph (55 km/h). Early the next day, the depression crossed the International Date Line and warning responsibility of the system was passed on to the Japan Meteorological Agency. By August 30, the depression began weakening and degenerated into back into an area of disturbed weather. The remnants tracked further west-northwestward into the West Pacific until dissipating early on September 2.
Tropical Storm Kevin.
Kevin formed from Tropical Depression Fourteen-E on August 29 from an area of disturbed weather 1000 miles southwest of Baja California. The system strengthened to Tropical Storm Kevin later that day, the seventh named storm in August, and the tenth tropical cyclone of the month overall. Kevin began to weaken early on August 30, and this trend continued for the next day or so, until early on the 31st, when Kevin weakened to a tropical depression. Kevin continued to degrade, and the NHC declared it dissipated on September 1, as it had weakened to a remnant low. It finally was absorbed into the ITCZ in the area of Central Pacific on September 8, seven days after it dissipated.
Hurricane Linda.
A tropical wave exited Africa into the Atlantic Ocean on August 18, and the northern portion split to become Tropical Storm Danny. The wave continued westward without development, crossing Central America into the Pacific Ocean on August 28. Convection remained minimal until September 3, when the system became better organized. A Low-pressure area developed on September 6, and deep convection consolidated around the circulation. Early on September 7, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) designated the low as Tropical Depression Fifteen-E about 1,130 miles (1,820 kilometres) west-southwest of the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula. Moving over warm water temperatures and modest wind shear, gradual intensification was anticipated. The depression moved slowly to the west due to a weakening subtropical ridge to its north. Shortly after developing, the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Linda. By September 9, a new ridge developed east of Linda, causing the storm to turn northwestward. Despite intensifying into a strong tropical storm, Linda's low-level circulation was misaligned from its upper circulations, although the system developed expansive outflow to the south and east.
Late on September 9, Linda attained hurricane status, and although an eye developed, it was not over the center due to increasing wind shear. Early on September 10, Linda attained peak winds of 80 mph (130 km/h) and a pressure of 985 mbar (hPa; 29.09 inHg). Operationally, the NHC assessed Linda to have been slightly stronger with peak winds of 85 mph (140 km/h). Persistent wind shear eroded the eyewall and led to weakening. Compounded with decreasing water temperatures, Linda deteriorated to tropical storm status early on September 11. At that time, the center became exposed and lacked deep convection. After the intrusion of dry air, the convection dissipated, and late on September 11, the NHC issued their final advisory on Linda after it degenerated into a remnant low. At this time, the system weakened below tropical storm intensity. The remnants of Linda persisted for several more days, initially tracking southwest before turning due west. The system eventually dissipated on September 15 roughly 1,195 mi (1,925 km) east of the Hawaiian Islands.
Tropical Storm Marty.
Marty's origins can be found in a tropical wave that crossed the African coastline on August 28, with minimal convection during its entire journey across the Atlantic. The wave passed though the Lesser Antilles on September 5, entering the Caribbean that same day, and eventually crossed Central America and entered the eastern Pacific on the 10th. Convection was scattered and disorganized, but slowly organized until a broad area of low pressure formed along the wave axis, and soon formed into Tropical Depression Sixteen-E on September 16 from the low pressure area, while about 340 mi SSW of Cabo San Lucas. Within a few hours it strengthened to become a tropical storm and receive the name "Marty". Marty strengthened to reach peak intensity of 45 mph on September 17, but southwesterly shear caused by a mid-upper level trough and the entrainment of dry, stable air into the storm's circulation caused the system to begin weakening. Despite this, and reaching sub-26.5°C water temperatures, Marty managed to remain at tropical storm strength until 1800 UTC on the 18th, when it finally weakened back to depression strength. With all environmental factors against it, and almost completely devoid of any convection, on September 19, the NHC issued their last advisory on Marty as it had weakened into a remnant low. The remnants lingered until eventual complete dissipation on September 23.
Tropical Storm Nora.
On September 21, a broad area of low pressure formed about 900 mi west-southwest of the southern tip of Baja California. The disturbance slowly started to organize, strengthening into a tropical depression late on September 22 (September 23 in UTC time). On the early morning of September 23, the depression strengthened into a tropical storm and received the name Nora. On September 23, Tropical Storm Nora reached a peak intensity of 60 mph before starting to weaken back into a depression on September 24. Early on September 25, the NHC issued their last advisory on Nora as it weakened into a remnant low.
Tropical Storm Olaf.
Tropical Depression Eighteen-E formed from a broad area of low pressure on October 1, and quickly strengthened to become Tropical Storm Olaf. However, as it moved north or northeast towards the Baja California peninsula, cooler waters and shearing winds caused it to weaken to a tropical depression on October 3. Later that day, the NHC issued their last advisory on Olaf as it weakened into a remnant low.
In Baja California Sur, heavy rains from the remnants of Olaf resulted in flooding of low-lying areas in several municipalities, notably near the city of La Paz. Officials in the affected regions also opened shelters if residents wanted to seek refuge away from their home. Heavy rains, amounting to , fell across portions of Sonora hit hard by Hurricane Jimena a month earlier; however, no damage resulted from Olaf.
Tropical Storm Patricia.
Patricia developed from a tropical wave that traversed the Atlantic Ocean during September and was first classified as a tropical depression on October 11 several hundred miles south of the Baja California Peninsula. The system quickly intensified into a tropical storm as it tracked in a general northward direction. By October 12, Patricia attained its peak intensity with winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) and a minimum barometric pressure of 996 mbar (hPa; 29.41 inHg). The following day, increasing wind shear and unfavorable conditions caused the storm to rapidly weaken. By the morning of October 14, Patricia had degenerated into a remnant low near the southern coastline of Baja California Sur. The remnants of the storm persisted until October 15, at which time they dissipated over open waters.
Although the center of Patricia did not impact land, the outer bands caused significant rainfall in portions of western Mexico. In Sonora, up to of rain fell, leading to significant flooding that left 600 people homeless.
Hurricane Rick.
The second-strongest eastern Pacific hurricane on record, Hurricane Rick originated from a very strong tropical disturbance wave that developed into a tropical depression on October 15. Situated off the southern coast of Mexico, the depression tracked west-northwest in a region favoring explosive development. Shortly after being classified as Tropical Depression Twenty-E, the system intensified into Tropical Storm Rick. Roughly 18 hours later, Rick had become a Category 1 hurricane as it underwent rapid intensification. After a brief pause in this phase, the storm went through another period of intensification, reaching Category 5 status on October 17, becoming the first storm of this intensity since Hurricane Kenna in 2002 east of 140°W.
Early on October 18, the storm attained its peak intensity with winds of 180 mph (285 km/h) and a barometric pressure of 906 mbar (hPa; 26.75 inHg). Not long after attaining this intensity, the combination of increasing wind shear and dry air caused the storm to rapidly weaken. By October 19, Rick weakened below Category 3 status and began to turn north, towards the Baja California Peninsula. Continued degradation of the structure led to the hurricane being downgraded to a tropical storm on October 20. By this time, the storm had become highly asymmetric, with most deep convection being displaced to the northeast. The following day, Rick made landfall near Mazatlán with winds of 60 mph (95 km/h). The storm rapidly degenerated as it moved over land, dissipating within 12 hours of landfall.
Prior to making landfall, the NHC initially forecasted Rick to make landfall in southern Baja California as a high-end Category 2 hurricane, prompting hurricane watches. Officials ordered several hundred residents to evacuate from low-lying areas, although tropical storm warnings replaced the hurricane watches after the storm had weakened. Overall, the damage from Rick was significantly less than what was initially anticipated. Throughout Mexico, three people were killed by the storm, one in Oaxaca and two in Baja California Sur. Total losses from the storm reached 192 million pesos ($14.6 million USD).
Hurricane Neki.
The final tropical cyclone of the season developed on October 18 as an unusually large disturbance from a trough south of Hawaii. Moving northwestward, it slowly organized at first due to its large size. After reaching hurricane status on October 21, Neki intensified at a much faster rate and peaked with winds of 125 mph (205 km/h). It later turned to the north and north-northeast and weakened due to hostile conditions. While passing through the Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument, Neki was downgraded to a tropical storm after the center became exposed from the deepest convection. It caused little impact in the island chain. After stalling and executing a small loop, Neki resumed its northward track and dissipated on October 27.
Storm names.
The names on the following list were used to name storms that formed in Northeastern Pacific Ocean during 2009. This is the same list used in the 2003 season and will be reused during 2015 due to the lack of any name retirements. The first Central Pacific name to be used was "Lana", when it crossed into the region from the Eastern Pacific. With the naming of Tropical Storm Maka on August 11, this season became the first in seven years to use multiple Central Pacific names.
For storms that form in the Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility, encompassing the area between 140 degrees west and the International Date Line, all names are used in a series of four rotating lists. The next four names that were slated for use in 2009 are shown below. Three of them, "Lana", "Maka", and "Neki", were used throughout the course of the year. 
Season effects.
This is a table of all of the storms in the 2009 Pacific hurricane season. It includes their durations, peak intensities, names, landfall(s) – denoted by bold location names – damages, and death totals. Deaths in parentheses are additional and indirect (an example of an indirect death would be a traffic accident), but are still storm-related. Damage and deaths include totals while the storm was extratropical or a wave or a low. All of the damage figures are in 2009 USD.

</doc>
<doc id="20384597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384597" title="Wenatchee Valley Venom">
Wenatchee Valley Venom

The Wenatchee Valley Venom were a professional indoor football team of the Indoor Football League who are only played two seasons before folding. The Venom were based in Wenatchee, Washington, with home games played at the Town Toyota Center.
In its inaugural season, the Venom was a member of the American Indoor Football Association.
On June 21, 2011 The Venom announced that they would be ceasing operations. The Venom have suffered from low ticket sales since their debut season in 2010, when they finished 8-6 in the American Indoor Football Association. Though they moved to the more financially stable IFL for the 2011 season, the team posted a 3-11 record and continued to have issues drawing fans.
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 11 || 17 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="20384601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384601" title="Chad, Matt &amp; Rob">
Chad, Matt &amp; Rob

Chad, Matt & Rob is a group of filmmakers based in Los Angeles known for their short films that blend comedy with horror, adventure and sci-fi.
Their most notable works include a series of "Prank Gone Wrong" found footage videos and a collection of Choose Your Own Adventure style films known as "Chad, Matt & Rob's Interactive Adventures".
History.
"Chad, Matt & Rob" formed in early 2007 by Chad Villella, Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Rob Polonsky.
Their breakout short, the found footage style "Alien Roommate Prank Goes Bad", was released in February 2008 and has been viewed over 30,000,000 times.
In November 2008, the group began making a series of "Choose Your Own Adventure" style films (they coined the term "Interactive Adventures" to describe the series). "The Time Machine: An Interactive Adventure" was the first interactive movie on YouTube and featured in the Wall Street Journal and on G4's "Attack of the Show."
Justin Martinez and Tyler Gillett joined in 2010 and, in 2011, Polonsky left the group. The remaining four changed their collective name to Radio Silence. As Radio Silence (Matt Bettinelli-Olpin, Tyler Gillett, Justin Martinez and Chad Villella), they directed a segment for the feature film "V/H/S".
Members.
Recurring cast members include Tyler Tuione, Chester Tam and Kal Penn.
"Pranks Gone Wrong".
The group are known for their popular found footage-style "Pranks Gone Wrong" series.
"Interactive Adventures".
"Chad, Matt & Rob" coined the term "Interactive Adventure" to describe their 2008 film "The Time Machine: An Interactive Adventure;" the project was the first interactive movie of its kind. As of March 2012, "Chad, Matt & Rob" have produced five Interactive Adventures.

</doc>
<doc id="20384615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384615" title="Young Yang Chung">
Young Yang Chung

Young Yang Chung is a textile historian and embroiderer. She earned a Ph.D. at New York University in 1976, with a doctoral dissertation on the origins of embroidery and its historical development of China, Japan, and Korea, and has lectured worldwide on the topic of East Asian embroidery. Through lectures, demonstrations, writings, teaching, workshops, and exhibitions of her work, she has endeavored to foster appreciation of an art form often stigmatized as "women's work" and to challenge the notion of textiles as "minor arts".
Chung received an honorary doctorate degree from Sookmyung University, Seoul, South Korea in 2001 and she was awarded a Distinguished Alumna Achievement Award by New York University's Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development at the 2013 Doctoral Convocation.
Chung has dedicated her life to the textile arts, not only as an embroiderer and teacher of this art form but also as a historian of traditional East Asian textiles and a collector of outstanding examples. Her embroideries are included in the collections of numerous museums in the world including the Smithsonian Institution and the presidential palaces.
Her legacy includes a body of groundbreaking publications such as The Art of Oriental Embroidery (1979) and Silken Threads: A History of Embroidery in China, Korea, Japan, and Vietnam (2005), as well as the Chung Young Yang Embroidery Museum (C.E.M.), an exhibition, educational, and research facility she inaugurated in May 2004 at Sookmyung Women's University in Seoul, South Korea.
Chung was the curator of The Chung Young Yang Embroidery Museum's inaugural exhibition, which traces the origins of silk embroidery in China and its dissemination throughout East Asia, and she will remain at the Museum as a director and curator, in addition to being a professor of graduate school of arts and designs.
The Dawn of Embroidery Art.
In her book Painting with a Needle (2003), she wrote:
"Small needles and homespun threads proved to be powerful, life-changing tools that provided me and other Korean women with a viable vocation as well as an expressive and rewarding creative outlet... needlework carried me from a small Korean village of 30 families along a fascinating pathway across time and geographic region."
Chung is a teacher of embroidery, and during the economically difficult period of South Korea's post-war reconstruction, She was able to harness this art form to positively impact many South Korean women's lives. In 1965 she founded her own institute, the International Embroidery School, and produced a new generation of Korean embroidery artists.
In 1967, under the auspices of the Ministry of Social Work, she established South Korea's first vocational embroidery center, The Women's Center. This school provided opportunities for numerous young women who needed gainful work.
In the same year, she was invited by the Japan Handicraft Association to present an exhibition of her and her students' embroidery at the prestigious Ikenobo Women's Finishing School in Japan. When Chung announced that entrance fee proceeds would be donated to provide embroidery supplies for schools teaching handicapped children in Tokyo, this was seen as remarkable gesture for a Korean woman, and the exhibition was extended with the financial support of a local hotel. Recognition such as this opened a valuable route to marketing the works created by her students, which in turn enabled the school to support itself financially.
Her mission to promote Korean embroidery led to her to Iran in 1968, where she exhibited her work in conjunction with the Tehran World's Fair. The exhibition of her embroidery in Cairo, Egypt, supported by the Korea Trade Association, also served to elevate South Korea's national prestige in this area of the world.
In the late 1960s, Chung was featured in a documentary produced by the South Korean television station KBS on young women of achievement. This publicity eventually led to more invitations to exhibit her embroidery abroad, from the U.S. to Japan and Europe, which garnered her international fame.
Scholastic Achievement in the Art of Embroidery.
In the U.S., she devoted considerable time and effort to the study of Western and Eastern embroideries in the Textile Study Room at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. The affirmation of East Asian identity and history remained one of the main objectives in Young Yang Chung's embroidery as well as her scholarly activities.
She completed her Masters and Ph.D. in Art Education at New York University. Her Ph.D. dissertation, entitled The Origins and Historical Development of Embroidery in China, Japan, and Korea was the first in-depth academic study of this topic, providing the foundation for embroidery as an academic field. As a rare reference on this little-studied subject, her doctoral dissertation was published in 1978 in book form by UMI Dissertation Services.
Through her work activities and academic research, Chung has established the distinctiveness and history of East Asian embroidery. For example, through her screen depicting ancient musical instruments, she not only produced an accurate visual representation of the subject, but also evoked deeply felt cultural ideals, as these traditional musical instruments fully capture the spirit of the Korean people, who value tradition highly.
In the 1970s, Chung was called in as a consultant for an exhibition of Chinese dragon robes at the Metropolitan Museum, and had the opportunity to study the response of the visitors. This inspired Chung to set forth on a campaign - through lectures, demonstrations, writings, teaching, workshops, and exhibitions of her work - to elevate the public conception and knowledge of embroidery.
Her first book, The Art of Oriental Embroidery (published in 1979), became a standard reference in the field, and in it she emphasized embroidery's antiquity, and challenged the notion that textiles are "minor arts." She explained that embroidery vividly records the technological and socio-economic milieu in which it was produced, and provides evidence of cultural exchange, regional aesthetics, and the maker's individual creativity. These pioneering efforts introduced East Asian embroidery to Western audiences, and fostered an ever-increasing appreciation of and interest in the art of silk embroidery.
Western enthusiasm for Asian embroidery eventually led, for example, to the establishment of the Japanese Embroidery Center in Atlanta, which teaches traditional Asian techniques to American students. Chung's works have been acquired by museums such as the Smithsonian Institution. Silken Threads, published in 2005 in the United States, summarizes the history of the embroiderers' art; it is the result of her lifetime of study, and can be viewed as the only comprehensive academic textbook on embroidery.
The Future of Embroidery Art.
C.E.M. opened in May 2004 through the combined efforts of Chung, an active figure in the international arena, and Sookmyung Women's University, which maintains a forward-thinking cultural vision.
The museum's collection includes hundreds of historical examples, ranging from a 4th to 3rd century BCE bronze mirror with an embroidered silk cover, right up to the present day. Also included are forms such as embroidered Chinese votive textiles, ecclesiastical robes, military uniforms, folding screens, wedding garments, chair and table coverings, Chinese court costumes, and rank insignia, as well as Japanese embroidery. The wide scope of the collection illuminates the cross-cultural dialogues in technique and style that have enriched textile arts worldwide.
Housed in a newly constructed building that includes exhibition galleries, a library, conservations studios (including the C.E.M. Textile Study Center), classrooms, and a 300-seat auditorium equipped with earphones for simultaneous translation, the museum aims to become a leading center for scholarship in embroidery and other textile arts. The Chung Young Yang Embroidery Museum aims to become both a cultural and academic center where the legacy of Chung and her global collection can be appreciated by a wide audience.
Works.
Her numerous publications remain standard references in this field, and include:

</doc>
<doc id="20384631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384631" title="Lykissa">
Lykissa

Lykissa is a small village on the mountain of Mount Lykodimo in Messenia, Greece. The settlement was founded during the Greek revolution by Nikos Pantazopoulos. It is part of the municipal unit Petalidi, which is part of the municipality Messini.

</doc>
<doc id="20384678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384678" title="Westhoughton by-election, 1973">
Westhoughton by-election, 1973

The Westhoughton by election took place for the House of Commons of the United Kingdom in Westhoughton on 24 May 1973.
It was won by Roger Stott who held the seat for Labour after the death on 1 February of the previous MP, Tom Price.

</doc>
<doc id="20384728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384728" title="Rock Bible">
Rock Bible

Rock Bible is the fourth album by American heavy metal band the Mentors. The lyrical content changed from sexism to the band's personal turmoil, although there were some sexist songs and one, "My Daughter is a Strawberry", had racist lyrics:
It was only available on cassette on its original release. Rick Lomas (Insect On Acid) plays drums on most tracks. Bootleggers sold bad-quality MP3 rips of the tape bundled with the Get Up and Die EP as CDs before an official CD version was released in 2007, remastered from the original cassette.
A demo tape from the sessions that produced this album, recorded in 1989, exists. The tape was acquired by a Mentors fan from a friend of the band in 1993, and it was uploaded to the internet in 2003. It contains unmixed versions of Constantly Jackin', Chicks with Dicks, Panhandler, and Cardboard Condo, as well as 3 otherwise unreleased tracks: Million Dollar High, Eddie Anaconda, and Airhead Stare. The tape also contains studio chatter, of which remnants can be heard in the released album.
Lyrics from "Cardboard Condo" were reused in the track "Living on Welfare" from El Duce's 1993 solo album "Slave to Thy Master".

</doc>
<doc id="20384781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384781" title="Hot30 Countdown">
Hot30 Countdown

The Hot30 Countdown was an Australian radio show hosted by Mike Christian (MC) and Mel Greig. It was broadcast on the Today Network from the studios of 2Day FM in Sydney, New South Wales to every state and the Australian Capital Territory following 'The Dirt'. It was cancelled on 10 December 2012, following the death of Jacintha Saldanha.
History.
Established in 1994, the show was first hosted by Ugly Phil and Jackie O. Brisbane based announcer Kyle Sandilands was then moved in to host with Jackie O until 2003. Labrat and Alexis took over the Hot30 Countdown from 2004 after Kyle and Jackie O moved to the drive slot. Previously unknown announcer "Higgo" stepped in as Labrat took the morning shift on 2DayFM. Alexis and Higgo hosted the nightly show until 2005, when Craig "Lowie" Low came in to host the program until mid-2006. Lowie occasionally included Carla "Biggzy" Bignasca as co-host as she was the executive producer of the show from the middle of 2006. 
Hot30 Countdown phased out the national promotion of the Black Thunders in early 2005, across the Today Network. Sam "Sam Mac" McMillan and Carla "Biggzy" Bignasca hosted the show from late 2006 until early 2007. From early 2007, Tim Lee was announced as the permanent replacement to host the show with Carla "Biggzy" Bignasca to this date. In February 2010, it was announced that Tim Lee and Carla "Biggzy" Bignasca would be leaving the Hot30 Countdown, with Tim relocating to Fox FM in Melbourne, Victoria presenting Mornings with Biggzy expected to focus on television opportunities. Lee and Bignasca presented their last show on Friday 12 March 2010.
Austereo announced on 10 March 2010 Charli Robinson and Chris Page will be the new Hot30 hosts and they commenced on Monday 15 March 2010 and subsequently introduced a new show at 7pm called The Dirt. Page left the Hot30 Countdown at the end of 2010 moving to Triple M's "Grill Team" in Sydney, New South Wales and Robinson moving to become the first solo host of The Dirt nationally. 
In February 2011, Austereo announced that Matty Acton and Maude Garrett would be the new hosts of the Hot30 Countdown. From 5 September 2011, it was announced by Southern Cross Austereo, the Hot30 Countdown will broadcast into syndicated channels as well as additional Today Network regional channels and with the merger Hot30 changed their Australian studio line to 13 10 60. Acton and Garrett also host a weekend music show on Southern Cross Ten which will be launched as 'Hot30 Countdown TV which airs Saturdays from 10am to 12pm and Sundays at 9am to 12pm. 
On 31 January 2012, Maude Garrett revealed on the Hot30 Countdown that she was leaving the show on 10 February 2012 and it was announced on Friday 9 March 2011 that Mel Greig would be the permanent co-host for the Hot30 Countdown. In November 2012, Matty Acton announced that he was leaving the show to work at Sea FM on the Gold Coast, Queensland with FOX FM mornings presenter Mike Christian (MC) replacing Acton in December.
Cancellation.
On 10 December 2012, Southern Cross Austereo announced that the show would be cancelled effective immediately.
On 27 January 2013, 2dayFM's parent company announced on its Facebook page that the Hot 30 show responsible for the prank would not be returning, and will be replaced by an international syndication of Ryan Seacrest.
Timeline of hosts and co-hosts.
Hot30 Jelli.
In November 2009, a Digital Radio offshoot of the Hot30 Countdown was launched. A joint venture with Jelli, the station uses a playlist from current and previous Hot30 Countdown music, which is then voted on by listeners at the Hot30 Jelli website. The station has since been renamed Choose The Hits.
Duchess of Cambridge prank call.
On 6 December 2012, the day after Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, was admitted to hospital for a severe case of morning sickness, Mel Greig and Michael Christian rang the hospital pretending to be Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles. The prank worked, with a nurse forwarding the call on to Catherine's private nurse, and Greig and Christian were able to obtain Catherine's medical details. The prank was condemned by a journalist writing in "The Huffington Post", and the hospital announced they deeply regretted the incident and would be "reviewing telephone protocols."
Following the incident the nurse who put the prank call through to Catherine's private nurse was found dead in a suspected suicide.
Following the death both Greig and Christian, took down their Twitter accounts. An executive producer for 2Day FM, told TMZ, "I advise you to stop trying to call them" as the hosts have been "ordered" not to speak to media. It was later announced that Greig and Christian would be stepping away from their duties. The company that owns the station released a statement reported by TMZ, which stated, "SCA and 2Day FM are deeply saddened by the tragic news of the death of nurse Jacintha Saldanha from King Edward VII’s Hospital. [...] SCA and the hosts have decided that they will not return to their radio show until further notice out of respect for what can only be described as a tragedy."
At a Federal Court hearing it became known that Australian media watchdog Australian Communications and Media Authority (ACMA) had prepared a confidential, preliminary report saying that the Radio Royal hoax 'broke law'. 2Day FM acted illegally by airing the phone call without consent. 

</doc>
<doc id="20384810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384810" title="Eduardo Vieira do Nascimento">
Eduardo Vieira do Nascimento

Eduardo Vieira do Nascimento, shortly Edu (born January 11, 1983) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward.
His previous club was Caxias (RS), J. Malucelli (PR), Daejeon Citizen in South Korea, FC Porto in Portugal and Iraty (PR).

</doc>
<doc id="20384841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384841" title="Roger Hooker Leavitt">
Roger Hooker Leavitt

Col. Roger Hooker Leavitt (July 21, 1805 – July 17, 1885) was a prominent landowner, early industrialist and Massachusetts politician who with other family members was an ardent abolitionist, using his home in Charlemont, Massachusetts as an Underground Railroad station for slaves escaped from the South. The escaped slave Basil Dorsey lived in Leavitt's home for nearly six years until eventually settling in Florence, Massachusetts.
Leavitt was born in Heath, Massachusetts, the son of wealthy landowner Roger Leavitt and his wife Chloe (Maxwell) Leavitt. Leavitt's father served in the state's legislature, was an active businessman, and later an ardent abolitionist. The elder Roger's brother was Judge and State Senator Jonathan Leavitt of nearby Greenfield. Roger's son Roger Hooker Leavitt, a graduate of Hopkins Academy in nearby Hadley, and briefly a student at Dartmouth College also served in the Massachusetts Senate.
Col. Leavitt apparently came naturally to the abolitionist cause. His father had worked against slavery and his brother Joshua had, after graduating from Yale Law School and Yale Divinity School, become a social reformer, leading campaigns for temperance and against slavery. Joshua later became the editor of the abolitionist newspaper "The Emancipator", was a prime force behind the defense of the crew of the "Amistad", a slave ship that had sustained a mutiny aboard, and in 1833 founded the New York Anti-Slavery Society.
In October 1835, Col. Roger Hooker Leavitt joined his brothers Joshua and Hart in attending the Utica, New York, state convention of the Utica Anti-Slavery Society. Violence by pro-slavery factions marred the gathering, but the fracas enabled the three brothers to fully convert their parents to the abolitionist cause. By the following year, Col. Leavitt was president of the Franklin County Anti-Slavery Society as well as vice-president of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society in 1838–39. In that year, Col. Leavitt's father moved from his home in Heath to Charlemont, where his sons lived, and agreed to run for Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts on the Liberty Party ticket, a political party which his son Joshua had helped found.
Col. Leavitt was best known for his sheltering of the fugitive slave Basil Dorsey, who escaped from Frederick County, Maryland unassisted in 1836. By that time, apparently, Col. Hooker's home had become known to anti-slavery zealots as a safe place to shelter escaped slaves. "It was always understood that a resting place was at Mr. Blake's and Mr. Leavitt's," a resident recounted years later of the men operating the local Underground Railroad. "This was carried on with the greatest secrecy, because of the personal danger, not only to the slave but to those who harbored them."
In 1836, shortly after Dorsey's successful escape, Rev. Joshua Leavitt, living in New York City, helped Dorsey and his wife find refuge in Massachusetts – at the home of Joshua's brother Roger Hooker Leavitt. Charlemont records subsequently reflect the birth of Dorsey's son Charles Robert Dorsey in 1838 at Charlemont, as well as the presence in town of two of Dorsey's children born earlier in Maryland. Census records for 1840 show no persons of color living in the households of any of the Leavitt family – at the homes of father Roger, brother Hart nor at Col. Roger Hooker's – but records of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society clearly show that 'B. Dorsey' of Charlemont contributed 50 cents to the cause in 1839.
Shortly after his arrival in Charlemont, Dorsey's first wife died, in the same year as Roger Hooker's first wife Kezeah Osgood Hunt Leavitt. On learning the news of the death of Dorsey's wife, Joshua Leavitt wrote his brother Roger Hooker: "I feel for Mr. Dorsey in his bereavement and trust that you will do all that Christian benevolence requires in his care."
It was probably open knowledge in some parts of the community that the Leavitts were harboring fugitive slaves, but it seems that many like-minded citizens cooperated with the Leavitts and others who were sheltering the fugitives. As late as 1895, nearly thirty years after the Civil War, a Franklin County woman called Leavitt "a whole souled Abolitionist & who did all he could to help the slaves to freedom." At the same time, she averred that she could not furnish any specific details.
By 1844, Basil Dorsey moved on to other housing, likely in Florence, Massachusetts. He had spent over five years under the roof of the Leavitt family, either at Col. Roger Hooker's home, the adjoining farm of his brother Hart, or at the home of the patriarch Roger – and probably at all three places. Contemporary accounts show that the family was aiding other escaped slaves during this period.
Col. Leavitt died in Waterloo, Iowa, where he was visiting his son John Hooker Leavitt. In its obituary, "The New York Times" noted Leavitt's abolitionist activities and called him "one of the prominent and leading citizens of Franklin County." Leavitt is interred at the Leavitt Cemetery in Charlemont.
The correspondence of Joshua Leavitt, his brothers Col. Roger Hooker and Hart, and that of his father Roger, from the years 1812–71, is deposited at the Library of Congress Manuscript Division in Washington, D.C.. The home of Col. Roger Hooker is now part of the campus of the Academy at Charlemont, and is included on the National Park Service's National Underground Railroad Network to Freedom. On the Network to Freedom, as well, is the former Charlemont home of Col. Leavitt's brother Hart and his wife Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="20384914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384914" title="Elizabeth Grace Neill">
Elizabeth Grace Neill

Elizabeth Grace Neill (26 May 1846 - 18 August 1926) was a nurse from New Zealand who lobbied for passage of laws requiring training and registration of nurses and midwives in New Zealand. The nursing experience she received during her early life inspired her to reform many aspects of the nursing practice. Her experience as a factory inspector led her to instigate other social reforms.
Early life.
Elizabeth Grace Neill was born 26 May 1846 in Edinburgh, Scotland. She was the oldest daughter of nine children born to James Archibald Campbell and Maria Grace of Barcaldine. Elizabeth Neill’s father was a retired colonel of Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, and he was also a deputy lieutenant of the county of Argyllshire and colonel of the militia in that area. Maria Grace was Campbell’s second wife. In Campbell’s household, discipline and intelligence were valued highly. Tall and red-headed, Elizabeth Neill was a very intelligent child and received a strong education. She was schooled partly at home and partly at a private school in Rugby. Her desire was to study medicine, which she undoubtedly would have done well at, but her father completely disapproved of her doing that. Instead she became a paying probationer nurse in St. John’s House Sisterhood in London. This institution supplied nursing staff to both King's College Hospital and Charing Cross Hospitals. Elizabeth Neill easily completed her training in general nursing and midwifery. She then became the lady superintendent at the Pendlebury Hospital for Children near Manchester. She stayed there for two years until she met Dr. Channing Neill, whom she eventually married much to her father’s dismay. He believed Dr. Neill was well below Elizabeth’s social class. Grace Neill had her mind made up, however, and married Dr. Neill anyway which resulted in her father casting her out of the family. She and Dr. Neill moved to Ryde, in the Isle of Wight, where they had their first and only son, James Oliver Campbell Neill.
Career.
In 1886, when Elizabeth Neill was thirty years old, she and her four year- old boy went to live with Dr. Neill in Australia because he had set up a successful practice there. Two years later, Dr. Neill died, and Elizabeth Neill was forced to turn to journalism to make a living. She was a sub-editor of the Boomerang and a freelance journalist for the Brisbane Daily Telegraph and the Courier. A year later she was appointed by the Queensland Government to a Royal Commission on working conditions for shop and factory workers. Combined with her work as a journalist, her knowledge of the problems associated with giving charitable aid led to her appointment in 1893 as the first female factory inspector in New Zealand. She was then also given a job as assistant inspector in the department in charge of hospitals, asylums, and charitable aid. As only the third person working in that department, Elizabeth had a huge workload and a lot of stress. However, it provided the opportunity for her to greatly influence that area of health care practice. Once another doctor, Frank Hay, was able to take over that position, however, Elizabeth Neill excitedly devoted herself to a project that would provide suitable nursing service for all of New Zealand.
Contributions.
Neill came up with the idea to make a requirement for nurses to be registered to be able to practice. She knew this would protect the public and also the profession from unqualified people mal-practicing. She helped Dr. McGregor to draft a bill for a Nurse’s Registration Act, and in 1901 it was finally passed by Parliament and was the first bill of its kind. The bill required nurses to have three years of training, a state examination, and a state register. While this fixed the problems with general practicing nurses, it still did not require anything from midwives. It was imperative that something be established to train midwives in New Zealand. However, since there were only a few schools in New Zealand that trained for midwifery, this was a more challenging bill to pass. It was then put on Neill to create not only a curriculum for the midwifery training, but to also establish state maternity hospitals in which the training could occur. Her goal was to have hospitals that were for mothers, managed by women, and doctored by women. The hospitals were created for only a certain class of women, however. Only the respectable wives of working men could go there. Neill had no pity for the destitute woman, because Neill herself was a widow raising a child. Also, allowing destitute women into the hospitals would undermine the status of them, so they were excluded. Neill faced much opposition from doctors who thought that these hospitals would threaten their own incomes and control of the system. Finally, the Midwives Registration Act was introduced to Parliament by Richard Seddon in 1904. It was a great gain for organizations such as the British Medical Association. Seddon then initiated a set-up for the first state maternity hospital which would serve as a lying-in hospital for wives of the working class and as a training school for midwives. It was up to Elizabeth Neill to find a way to equip a suitable house within three weeks to set up this hospital. She was able to do so, and the first hospital opened on Rintoul Street, Wellington in June 1905. It was named St. Helen’s Hospital in honor of Seddon, whose birthplace was in Lancashire, England. After this significant event in New Zealand’s history, maternity hospitals began opening all over the country such as St. Helen’s Hospitals in Dunedin (1905), Auckland (1906), and Christchurch (1907). These founding hospitals have played an important role in developing good care for maternity patients.
Later life.
Elizabeth Neill did not confine herself to New Zealand. In 1889 she was the principal speaker in the nursing section during the Congress of the International Council of Women in London. Due to her impact at this congress, she was made an honorary member of the Matron’s Council of Great Britain. After that she served on a committee that drafted the constitution and bylaws for the International Council of Nurses. In 1901 she once again used her knowledge of social conditions to investigate the administration of charitable aid in Sydney for the government of New South Wales. Finally tiring of what her duties entitled, Neill retired from her position with the New Zealand Government and joined her son who had moved to the United States. However, her health continued to decline, so both she and her son moved back to New Zealand in 1909. There she resided until World War I, where she served as sister in charge of the children’s ward at Wellington Hospital. After a long period of illness, she died on 18 August 1926, crippled and blind. The Grace Neill Memorial Library was established at the nursing postgraduate school in Wellington in memory of all that Neill had contributed to New Zealand and nursing itself. The women's hospital at Wellington Hospital is called the Grace Neill Block.

</doc>
<doc id="20384915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384915" title="To the Max (album)">
To the Max (album)

To The Max is American heavy metal band The Mentors fifth album and final album with lead singer El Duce.

</doc>
<doc id="20384928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384928" title="Mike Adamson">
Mike Adamson

John Michael Adamson (born September 13, 1947) is a retired American professional baseball player, a right-handed pitcher who appeared in eleven Major League Baseball games for the Baltimore Orioles. Adamson stood tall and weighed .
Drafted out of the University of Southern California in the first round of the secondary phase in the Major League Baseball Draft and signed to a Baltimore contract on June 27, 1967, Adamson became the first player to go straight to the Major Leagues without spending a day in the minors since the institution of the June baseball lottery in . In his July 1 debut against the Cleveland Indians, Adamson hurled two innings of relief; he surrendered two hits, two earned runs, and three stolen bases, including a steal of home by Cleveland's Chuck Hinton. He would be sent to the minors after his third MLB appearance (and second start), although he would spent part of the next two seasons with the Orioles.
From his demotion in 1969 to 1971, Adamson pitched in Baltimore Orioles' minor league system. He was picked up by the Milwaukee Brewers and spent part of 1971 with the Evansville Triplets, the Brewers' AAA affiliate. In the course of his eleven-game MLB career, Adamson yielded 28 hits and 22 bases on balls, with 14 strikeouts, in 25⅓ innings pitched. He retired after the 1971 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20384968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384968" title="Chung Young Yang Embroidery Museum">
Chung Young Yang Embroidery Museum

The Chung Young Yang Embroidery Museum, founded by Dr. Young Yang Chung is an exhibition, educational, and research facility dedicated to advancing the knowledge and appreciation of embroidery and textile arts. 
Inaugurated in May 2004 by Sookmyung Women's University.

</doc>
<doc id="20384971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384971" title="Organobromine compound">
Organobromine compound

Organobromine compounds are organic compounds that contain carbon bonded to bromine. The most pervasive is the naturally produced bromomethane. One prominent application is the use of polybrominated diphenyl ethers as fire-retardants. A variety of minor organobromine compounds are found in nature, but none are biosynthesized or required by mammals. Organobromine compounds have fallen under increased scrutiny for their environmental impact.
General properties.
Most organobromine compounds, like most organohalide compounds, are relatively nonpolar. Bromine is more electronegative than carbon (2.8 vs 2.5). Consequently, the carbon in a carbon–bromine bond is electrophilic, i.e. alkyl bromides are alkylating agents. 
Carbon–halogen bond strengths, or bond dissociation energies are of 115, 83.7, 72.1, and 57.6 kcal/mol for bonded to fluorine, chlorine, bromine, or iodine, respectively.
The reactivity of organobromine compounds resembles but is intermediate between the reactivity of organochlorine and organoiodine compounds. For many applications, organobromides represent a compromise of reactivity and cost. The principal reactions for organobromides include dehydrobromination, Grignard reactions, reductive coupling, and nucleophilic substitution.
Synthetic methods.
From bromine.
Alkenes reliably add bromine without catalysis to give the vicinal dibromides:
Aromatic compounds undergo bromination simultaneously with evolution of hydrogen bromide. Catalysts such as AlBr3 or FeBr3 are needed for the reaction to happen on aromatic rings. Chlorine-based catalysts (FeCl3, AlCl3) could be used, but yield would drop slightly as dihalogens(BrCl) could form. The reaction details following the usual patterns of electrophilic aromatic substitution:
A prominent application of this reaction is the production of tetrabromobisphenol-A from bisphenol-A.
Free-radical substitution with bromine is commonly used to prepare organobromine compounds. Carbonyl-containing, benzylic, allylic substrates are especially prone to this reactions. For example, the commercially significant bromoacetic acid is generated directly from acetic acid and bromine in the presence of phosphorus tribromide catalyst:
Bromine also converts fluoroform to bromotrifluoromethane.
From hydrogen bromide.
Hydrogen bromide adds across double bonds to give alkyl bromides, following the Markovnikov rule:
Under free radical conditions, the direction of the addition can be reversed. Free-radical addition is used commercially for the synthesis of 1-bromoalkanes, precursors to tertiary amines and quaternary ammonium salts. 2-Phenethyl bromide (C6H5CH2CH2Br) is produced via this route from styrene.
Hydrogen bromide can also be used to convert alcohols to alkyl bromides. This reaction, that must be done under low temperature conditions, is employed in the industrial synthesis of allyl bromide:
Methyl bromide, another fumigant, is generated from methanol and hydrogen bromide.
From bromide salts.
Bromide ions, as provided by salts like sodium bromide, function as a nucleophiles in the formation of organobromine compounds by displacement.
Industrially significant organobromine compounds.
Fire-retardants.
Organobromine compounds are widely used as fire-retardants. The most prominent member is tetrabromobisphenol-A (4,4'-(1-methylethylidene)bis-(2,6-di-bromophenol, see figure). It and tetrabromophthalic anhydride are precursors to polymers wherein the backbone features covalent carbon-bromine bonds. Other fire retardants, such as hexabromocyclododecane and the bromodiphenyl ethers, are additives and are not chemically attached to the material they protect. The use of organobromine fire-retardants is growing but is also controversial because they are persistent pollutants.
Fumigants and biocides.
Ethylene bromide, obtained by addition of bromine to ethylene, was once of commercial significance as a component of leaded gasoline. It was also a popular fumigant in agriculture, displacing 1,2-dibromo-3-chloropropane ("DBCB"). Both applications are declining owing to environmental and health considerations. Methyl bromide is also an effective fumigant, but its production and use are controlled by the Montreal Protocol. Growing in use are organobromine biocides used in water treatment. Representative agents include bromoform and dibromodimethylhydantoin (“DBDMH”). Some herbicides, such as bromoxynil, contain also bromine moieties. Like other halogenated pesticides, bromoxynil is subject to reductive dehalogenation under anaerobic conditions, and can be debrominated by organisms originally isolated for their ability to reductively dechlorinate phenolic compounds.
Dyes.
Many dyes contain carbon-bromine bonds. The naturally occurring Tyrian purple (6,6’-dibromoindigo) was a valued dye before the development of the synthetic dye industry in the late 19th century. Several brominated anthroquinone derivatives are used commercially. Bromothymol blue is a popular indicator in analytical chemistry.
Pharmaceuticals.
Commercially available organobromine pharmaceuticals include the vasodilator nicergoline, the sedative brotizolam, the anticancer agent pipobroman, and the antiseptic merbromin. Otherwise, organobromine compounds are rarely pharmaceutically useful, in contrast to the situation for organofluorine compounds. Several drugs are produced as the bromide (or equivalents, hydrobromide) salts, but in such cases bromide serves as an innocuous counterion of no biological significance.
Organobromine compounds in nature.
Organobromine compounds are the most common organohalides in nature. Even though the concentration of bromide is only 0.3% of that for chloride in sea water, organobromine compounds are more prevalent in marine organisms than organochlorine derivatives. Their abundance reflects the easy oxidation of bromide to the equivalent of Br+, a potent electrophile. The enzyme bromoperoxidase catalyzes this reaction. The oceans are estimated to release 1–2 million tons of bromoform and 56,000 tons of bromomethane annually. Red algae, such as the edible Asparagopsis taxiformis, eaten in Hawaii as "limu kohu", concentrate organobromine and organoiodine compounds in "vesicle cells"; 95% of the essential volatile oil of Asparagopsis, prepared by drying the seaweed in a vacuum and condensing using dry ice, is organohalogen compounds, of which bromoform comprises 80% by weight. Bromoform, produced by several algae, is a known toxin, though the small amounts present in edible algae do not appear to pose human harm. Some of these organobromine compounds are employed in a form of interspecies "chemical warfare." 5-Bromouracil and 3-Bromo-tyrosine have been identified in human white blood cells as products of myeloperoxidase-induced halogenation on invading pathogens.
In addition to conventional brominated natural products, a variety of organobromine compounds result from the biodegradation of fire-retardants. Metabolites include methoxylated and hydroxylated aryl bromides as well as brominated dioxin derivatives. Such compounds are considered persistent organic pollutants and have been found in mammals.
Safety.
Alkyl bromine compounds are often alkylating agents and the brominated aromatic derivatives are implicated as hormone disruptors. Of the commonly produced compounds, ethylene dibromide is of greatest concern as it is both highly toxic and highly carcinogenic.

</doc>
<doc id="20384998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384998" title="High Down">
High Down

High Down may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20385005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385005" title="Highdown">
Highdown

Highdown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20385006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385006" title="John Sherlock">
John Sherlock

John Sherlock (c.1705 - 25 July 1794) was an Irish-born brigadier general in the Ultonia Regiment in Spain. He successfully defended Melilla during a 100-day siege by Moroccan troops.
John was the son of Peter Sherlock, who had been made a baronet and knight by titular king, James III, the Old Pretender, in 1716. However, during the Irish Rebellion of 1641, the Sherlock family lost its extensive land holdings in County Waterford. Like many Catholic Irish, John emigrated to Spain with hopes of returning to Ireland once a Catholic was king of England again. And like his father and grandfather he served in the Ultonia Regiment (i.e. Ulster Regiment), part of the Irish Brigade of the Spanish Army.
John Sherlock fought in the Anglo-Spanish War of 1727–1729, a failed Spanish attempt to retake Gibraltar. He was made commander in chief of Melilla by Carlos III. From 9 December 1774 to 19 March 1775, John Sherlock defended Melilla against troops of the sultan of Morocco, Mohammed ben Abdallah. When a Spanish fleet arrived with reinforcements, Sherlock broke the siege and routed the Moroccans. The entrance to the old town at Melilla includes a monument to "Juan Sherlocke." He was later made governor of Sanlúcar de Barrameda, where he died on 25 July 1794, at the age of 89.

</doc>
<doc id="20385030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385030" title="Alabama's Colored Women's Club">
Alabama's Colored Women's Club

An Alabama's Colored Women's Club refers to any member of the Alabama Federation of Colored Women's Club, including the "Ten Times One is Ten Club", the Tuskegee Women's Club, and the Anna M. Duncan Club of Montgomery. These earliest clubs united and created the Alabama Federation of Colored Women's Club in 1899. By 1904, there were more than 26 clubs throughout Alabama. The most active ones were in Birmingham, Selma, Mobile, Tuskegee, Tuscaloosa, Eufaula, Greensboro, and Mt. Megis.
Early History.
The first African American women's club in Alabama, the "Ten Times One is Ten Club" was established in 1888. It was followed by the Anna M. Duncan Club of Montgomery, established in 1892, and the Tuskegee Women's Club, established in 1895.
Tuskegee Women's Club.
Under the leadership of Margaret Murray Washington the Tuskegee Women's Club was formed by female faculty and the wives of male faculty members of the Tuskegee Institute. Thirteen women took part at the first meeting of the club in 1895, which was designed to enlighten the members morally, spiritually and intellectually. Meetings were held twice a month and new teachers were encouraged to join. Since the members were part of the academic arena, the services were related to learning and education. The Tuskegee Women's Club also helped to form new communities and construct social services. One of its pioneer actions was to provide educational and social services to the poor inhabitants of a plantation settlement.
Tuskegee Mothers' Club.
One of the most successful projects of the Tuskegee Woman's Club was the sponsoring of the mothers' meeting or mothers' club. The idea of this project came up when Margaret Washington was attending the first Tuskegee Negro Conference in 1892. At the conference, her husband Booker T. Washington discussed the problems that the black male faced and gave possible solutions. This reminded Margaret Washington of the neglect of women at the time. She believed the women themselves did not realize how unimportant they were considered by their husbands and sons, and so decided to work with the women in Tuskegee and the surrounding areas by forming the Mothers' Club. There, the club worked to improve the education and grooming of local mothers. Many of them did not know their age, and they were helped to recall some incident which took place around the time of their birth in order to figure out their age. Many mothers also lacked childcare options and brought their children along. Thus the children were provided with educational support and were taught simple lessons, and they received lessons demonstrating good behavior. According to Margaret Washington the black women had the proper training to look after their homes, but they were occupied working for white families and looking after white children and their families. As a result their own children were deprived of proper care and were very much neglected.
Alabama Federation of Colored Women's Club.
Margaret Murray Washington was the organizer and the first president of the Alabama Federation of Colored Women's Club, which was established on December 29, 1899. During the preliminary meeting of the club there were discussions of how to address the mounting reform problem; one of the pressing needs was to establish a reformatory for African American youths. The most extensive work of the club was in prison reform. The Federation was successful in getting young black prisoners released into the custody of its boys' school built at Mt. Meigs. Young lives were saved from prison by the supervision of Margaret Washington. This corrective school got less support from the state, as opposed to the white boys' reform school. The club members also supported the older prisoners with personal care and religious services. The state eventually assumed the responsibility for the boys' reformatory school and the club women started to raise funds to build homes for young girls at Mt. Meigs. Prison reform being a national issue, the national office of the NACW eventually joined the program.

</doc>
<doc id="20385045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385045" title="The Republic of the Future">
The Republic of the Future

The Republic of the Future: or, Socialism a Reality is a novella by the American writer Anna Bowman Dodd, first published in 1887. The book is a dystopia written in response to the utopian literature that was a dramatic and noteworthy feature of the second half of the nineteenth century.
Dystopias.
The utopian literature of Dodd's generation consisted both of famous works and others now largely forgotten, like Laurence Gronlund's popular "The Cooperative Commonwealth" (1884). Dodd's book was one element in a conservative reaction to this literature. Other examples of this reactive dystopian response are William Harben's "The Land of the Changing Sun" (1894) and Charles J. Bayne's "The Fall of Utopia" (1900).
Coincidentally, Dodd's book was published a year before the appearance of Edward Bellamy's famous "Looking Backward" (1888), the great best-seller in its genre (which in turn provoked a spate of dystopian responses).
Story and significance.
Dodd casts her fiction in the form of an epistolary novel: Wolfgang, a Swedish aristocrat, writes letters home to his friend Hannevig while visiting New York Socialist City in the year 2050. In Dodd's fiction, Sweden retains a capitalist economy, so that Wolfgang can contrast the new utopian socialist regime in New York with the more familiar forms at home. 
Dodd takes satirical aim at various liberal developments of her era, including the first stirrings of the animal rights movement (the ASPCA had been founded in New York in 1866). Dodd has her hero journey from Sweden to New York via a sub-oceanic transport system (operated by the Pneumatic Tube Electric Company). As he goes, Wolfgang notes that aquatic life has resisted 
Dodd's primary targets, however, are the innovations that utopians of her age most strongly advocated, socialism, feminism, and technological progress. Dodd paints a picture of a future New York as a dreary conformist society, in which the inhabitants live in identical homes and men and women dress alike. Though people work only two hours per day, they live tedious, vacuous lives. Travel is forbidden, and mediocrity is enforced by law: "All scholars, authors, artists and scientists who were found on examination to be more gifted than the average, were exiled." Children are raised in day care centers; romantic love has died out. Dodd's New Yorkers of 2050 "have the look of people who have come to the end of things and who have failed to find it amusing."
Since she is an anti-utopian writer, Dodd does not concentrate on the technological wonders anticipated and predicted by many utopian authors; but she does give her future New Yorkers automatic elevators and bedmaking devices and similar conveniences. Technology can make things worse instead of better: traditional food has been replaced by nutrition pills.
In Dodd's vision of the future, a socialist revolution occurred around 1900; the center of the city was destroyed with explosives, and rebuilt to socialist standards. Thinker and writer Henry George is enshrined in a Temple of Liberators.
Author.
Anna Bowman Dodd, née Blake (1855–1929), was a native of New York City, the daughter of a merchant. She wrote a number of other works in her career, including a biography of Tallyrand and books on travel.
Most pro-feminist books were written by women, and anti-feminist tracts by men — though there were exceptions. Like Dodd, some women wrote in defense of traditional values, economic arrangements, and gender roles; and conversely, a few men, like Linn Boyd Porter ("Speaking of Ellen", 1890) and William H. Bishop ("The Garden of Eden, USA", 1895) were receptive to the feminist standpoint.

</doc>
<doc id="20385070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385070" title="Seibu Class E851">
Seibu Class E851

The Class E851 was a class of four DC electric locomotives operated by the private railway operator Seibu Railway in Japan between 1969 and 1996.
Built in 1969 by Mitsubishi to haul 1,000-tonne cement trains, the design was based on the JNR Class EF65 and used bogies similar to those used on the JNR Class EF81 locomotives.
From 30 November 1990, the discontinuation of freight services to Sayamagaoka eliminated the need for double-heading, and the end of all Seibu freight services from 7 March 1996 saw the E851s become surplus to requirements. Final farewell "Sayonara" runs were organized in May 1996 hauling JR 12-series passengers coaches from Tokorozawa to Yokoze.
Locomotive E854 remains preserved at Yokoze Depot, but the other three locomotives in the class were cut up.

</doc>
<doc id="20385108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385108" title="Billy Cobham discography">
Billy Cobham discography

The discography of fusion and Jazz drummer Billy Cobham includes solo, collaborative, and work playing on other artists albums.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Mose Allison
With Gene Ammons
With Ray Barretto
With George Benson
With Bobby and the Midnites
With Brothers Johnson
With James Brown
With Kenny Burrell
With Cargo
With Ron Carter
With Stanley Clarke
With Larry Coryell
With Miles Davis
With Richard Davis
With Eumir Deodato
With Dreams
With Charles Earland
With Gil Evans
With Fania All Stars
With Roberta Flack and Donny Hathaway
With Peter Gabriel
With Johnny Hammond
With Freddie Hubbard
With Jackie and Roy
With Milt Jackson
With Jazz Is Dead
With Al Johnson
With Quincy Jones
With Hubert Laws
With Mahavishnu Orchestra
With Junior Mance
With Arif Mardin
With Les McCann
With John McLaughlin
With Mark-Almond Band
'With Sonny Rollins
With Michel Sardaby
With Don Sebesky
With Horace Silver
With Carly Simon
With Gábor Szabó
With McCoy Tyner
With Miroslav Vitous
With Grover Washington, Jr.
With Randy Weston

</doc>
<doc id="20385145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385145" title="Pleospora">
Pleospora

Pleospora is a genus of ascomycete fungi. This genus was originally described by Gottlob Ludwig Rabenhorst in 1857 and was revised by Wehmeyer and Muller. There are an estimated 63 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20385149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385149" title="Over the Top (Mentors album)">
Over the Top (Mentors album)

Over The Top is American heavy metal band The Mentors' sixth album.

</doc>
<doc id="20385150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385150" title="Texas Station">
Texas Station

Texas Station, also known by its official name Texas Station Gambling Hall & Hotel, is a locals casino and hotel located on Rancho Drive in North Las Vegas, Nevada, owned and operated by Station Casinos.
History.
The casino was built designed and built by Marnell Corrao Associates for Station Casinos and opened on July 12, 1995 with 200 rooms and a casino.
In 1996 Texas Station adopted C.P. Squires Elementary, one of Clark's County oldest elementary schools, as its community partner. Texas Station has set up many fund raising events for at risk students including a "wishing well sweep" that takes all the coins from its fountains. The initial sweep netted $1,000.00 in coins and Texas Station has committed to donating all future proceeds to the school to help fund a computer lab for the school that lacks adequate funding.
In April 2000 The Venetian and Texas Station were the first casinos to announce child care centers specifically aimed at employees of Las Vegas casinos.

</doc>
<doc id="20385165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385165" title="Vincent Louis Carrella">
Vincent Louis Carrella

Vincent Louis Carrella (born June 26, 1965) is a pioneering interactive story-teller and game developer and an American fiction novelist and short story writer. His debut novel "Serpent Box", was published on February 26, 2008, based on an initial short story "The Serpent Box and the Poison Jar." The short story won the 2000 Literal Latte Fiction Award.
Awards.
Carrella has won the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="20385180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385180" title="Yannick Kergoat">
Yannick Kergoat

Yannick Kergoat is a film editor. He has edited such films as "Indigènes", "Gothika", "Ni pour, ni contre (bien au contraire)" and "Le Couperet".
He won a César Award in the Best Editing category for his work on "Harry un ami qui vous veut du bien".

</doc>
<doc id="20385201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385201" title="Dmitrij Dmitrij">
Dmitrij Dmitrij

Dmitrij Dmitrij is an Oh No Oh My EP.

</doc>
<doc id="20385204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385204" title="U.S. Route 33 in Indiana">
U.S. Route 33 in Indiana

U.S. Route 33 (US 33) is a part of the United States Numbered Highway System that runs from Richmond, Virginia, to Elkhart of the US state of Indiana. In Indiana, it is a state road that enters the state at the Ohio state line between Willshire, Ohio, and Pleasant Mills, Indiana. The of US 33 that lie within Indiana serve as a major conduit. All of the highway is listed on the National Highway System. Various sections are rural two-lane highway, urbanized four-lane divided expressway and the Lincoln Highway. The northernmost community along the highway is Elkhart. The highway ends at an interchange in southern Elkhart after serving the northeastern region of Indiana. US 33 passes through farm fields and urban areas.
US 33 was first designated as a US Highway in 1926. A section of the highway originally served as part of the Lincoln Highway, a connection between Fort Wayne and South Bend. US 41 replaced some the original State Road 2 (SR 2) designation of the highway which dated back to the formation of the Indiana State Road system. SR 2 ran from Illinois state line through South Bend to Elkhart and ended at the Ohio state line. Realignments and construction projects have expanded the highway to four lanes.
Route description.
US 33 enters Indiana from Ohio heading northwest towards Decatur, as a rural two-lane highway, passing through farmland with a few houses. Along the way passing through a short concurrency with State Road 101 (SR 101), in Pleasant Mills. The highway enters Decatur by curving due west. The road begins a concurrency with US 27, heading due north as a four-lane highway with a center turn lane. The concurrency passes through mostly commercial before heading in to downtown Decatur. In downtown Decatur the two routes have an intersection with US 224, this is the southern end of the US 224 concurrency. The three routes head north having an intersection at the northern end of the US 224 concurrency, US 224 turns due west. After the concurrency with US 224, US 27 and US 33 head north and then northwest towards Fort Wayne and the road becomes a four-lane divided highway. On the southside of Fort Wayne is a diamond interchange with Interstate 469 (I–469), this interchange is the north end of the concurrency with US 27.
US 33 heads west on I–469, which is concurrenct with US 24. All three route have an interchange with the northern terminus of the southern section of SR 1, this interchange has access to the Fort Wayne International Airport. After the interchange at SR 1, the interstate passes south of the airport. West of the airport is the terminus of I–469, both US 24 and US 33 turns north onto I–69, passing through rural areas with farmland as a four-lane interstate. Then the interstate has an interchange with Airport Expressway/Lower Huntington Road. North of the Airport Expressway interchange the roadway becomes a six-lane interstate, passing through urban areas with a mix of commercial and industrial properties. The highway enters the southwest side of Fort Wayne and US 24 leaves the concurrency, heading southwest. After the interchange with US 24, the interstate has an interchange with the eastern terminus SR 14, on the west side of Fort Wayne. After the interchange with SR 14, the highway turn northeast curving around Fort Wayne. On the northwest side of Fort Wayne, US 33 leaves I–69 heading northwest concurrenct with US 30. The concurrency is a six-lane expressway, passinf through woodlands with some commercial properties. Shortly after the concurrency with US 30 begans it end, with US 33 heading north and US 30 heading west. The highway becomes a four-lane highway with a center turn lane as it begins to leave Fort Wayne, passing through a mix of commercial and residential areas.
The roadway leaves Fort Wayne heading northwest as a two–lane mainly rural highway, passing through farm land with some woods. In Churubusco the route has a traffic light with SR 205. Then the road heads towards Ligonier, passing through a four–stop intersection with SR 9 in Marriam. Then in Wolf Lake the road has an intersection with SR 109 at the main intersection in town. Then south of Ligonier the road passes through Kimmell and the route begins a concurrency with SR 5. The concurrency with SR 5 ends at the intersection with US 6 in Ligonier. Both US 6 and US 33 head west away from Ligonier as a two-lane highway passing through farmland with some houses, for . Then US 33 turns north, now concurrenct with SR 13, the concurrency with SR 13 last for , with SR 13 turning east and US 33 turning northwest. Now the road heads towards Goshen passing through Benton on the way.
The road enters Goshen on the southeast side of the city, as a two-lane highway with a center turn lane, passing commercial properties. As the road gets closer to downtown Goshen the road narrows to a two lane street without turn lanes. In downtown the route turns north onto Main Street (SR 15) at a traffic light. This traffic light is the southern end of The US 33/SR 15 Truck Route, a divided highway bypassing the narrow Main Street. On Main Street US 33 and SR 15 becomes a four-lane undivided street with parking on both sides. The street has an intersection with the western terminus of the middle section of SR 4. North of SR 4, both US 33 and SR 15 turn west, on to Pike Street. One block later the concurrency end with SR 15 turning north and US 33 continues west, on Pike Street. This intersection is also the northern end of the US 33/SR 15 Truck Route. The route leaves downtown Goshen as a four–lane undivided highway, passing through commercial district and residential area. After crossing the Elkhart River the highway widens to a four-lane highway with a center turn lane. The route heads towards Elkhart, parralling the Norfolk Southern railroad and passing through Midway and Dunlap. On the south side of Elkhart, US 33 has an interchange with US 20 this interchange is the northern terminus for US 33.
The entire length of US 33 in Indiana is included as a part of the National Highway System (NHS). The NHS is a network of highways that are identified as being most important for the economy, mobility and defense of the nation. The highway is maintained by the Indiana Department of Transportation (INDOT) like all other U.S. Highways in the state. The department tracks the traffic volumes along all state highways as a part of its maintenance responsibilities using a metric called average annual daily traffic (AADT). This measurement is a calculation of the traffic level along a segment of roadway for any average day of the year. In 2010, INDOT figured that lowest traffic levels were 3,290 vehicles and 650 commercial vehicles used the highway daily at the Noble–Whitley County area. The peak traffic volumes were 79,520 vehicles and 11,060 commercial vehicles AADT along the section of US 33 at is concurrent with I–69, between the SR 14 and US 30 exits in Fort Wayne.
History.
The Lincoln Highway was planned from Illinois state line to South Bend to Fort Wayne and the Ohio state line, in 1913. In 1915, the highway open and passed through downtown Fort Wayne on its route through Indiana. In 1917, Main Market route number 2 was the given number to the Lincoln Highway in Indiana. In the early 1920s, the Lincoln Highway was moved farther south between Valparaiso and Fort Wayne, to what is now known mostly as Old US 30, passing through Plymouth and Warsaw. The route became SR 2 from Ohio state line to South Bend, SR 1 from South Bend to Michigan state line. Then in 1924, the sections of the road that was part of the original Lincoln Highway was paved. The next few years the rest of the route was paved across Indiana, then in 1937 US 33 was created.
In 1998, INDOT rerouted most of its maintained routes onto interstate highways around Fort Wayne, so US 33 was routed onto I–469 and I–69 around the south side of the city. Also in the same year, INDOT removed US 33 north of US 20 and the St. Joseph County portion became SR 933. In 2004, INDOT tried to return SR 933 to the local communities but they did not accept.

</doc>
<doc id="20385206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385206" title="Taste of Chaos 2009">
Taste of Chaos 2009

Taste of Chaos 2009 is the fifth installment of the Taste of Chaos tours created by Warped Tour founder Kevin Lyman. Lyman handpicked each band for the tour and believes they are "all on the brink of breakout success." Bring Me the Horizon, Four Year Strong, and Pierce the Veil will rotate their set for each date on the tour. As in previous years, one Battle of the Bands winner from each city will open for this tour.
Taste of Chaos 2009: North America.
Tour dates.
Tour dates as seen on official website. 
Taste of Chaos 2009: Europe.
Tour dates.
The thus far confirmed tour dates.

</doc>
<doc id="20385212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385212" title="Hirosada II">
Hirosada II

Hirosada II, also known as Sadahiro II, was a designer of ukiyo-e Japanese woodblock prints in Osaka. He was a student of Konishi Hirosada, and assumed the name “Hirosada” in 1853, when his teacher ceased designing prints. In the summer of 1864, Hirosada I died and his student changed his name, for a second time, from “Hirosada” (廣貞) to “Sadahiro” (貞廣).
Signature.
Whereas the signature of Hirosada I is compact, Hirosada II signed his name in a large bold hand.

</doc>
<doc id="20385214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385214" title="Expenditure cascades">
Expenditure cascades

Expenditure cascades is an economic term coined by researcher Robert H. Frank. It describes changes in purchasing and consumption behaviour which ripple through the levels of income in response to changes in income inequality.
Example.
During the late 1900s and early 2000s, income inequality in the United States rose dramatically, and expenditure cascades occurred. During the 1980s, the income-tax structure was altered to favor top earners in regards to after-tax purchasing power.
Positional externalities.
Expenditure cascades employ positional externalities, which may relate differently than other types of externalities. When a new purchase changes the context within which an existing positional good is evaluated, a positional externality occurs. In situations where a good is upgraded and becomes a popular item to own, that good becomes a positional externality. It has changed the context within which that good exists. Positional Externalities also have an effect on an individual’s happiness. When a person focuses on the haves and have-nots of those around him, he realizes the items that he does not own relative to the others in his class system. This realization leads to increased unhappiness about his position in life in terms of items owned. 
Robert H. Frank cites an experiment that shows people choose a world in which they own a larger home than everyone else, over having larger homes for everyone yet a smaller home than his neighbors. Frank concludes that people will give up absolute consumption in order to obtain a better relative position. Expenditure cascades are triggered by consumption, especially conspicuous consumption. The consumption by the wealthy triggers increased spending in the class directly below them, and the chain continues down to the bottom of the income ladder. This is a dangerous reaction for those at the bottom who have little disposable income originally, and even less after they attempt to keep up with others' spending habits.
Possible solutions to the problem of positional externalities.
Frank suggests that a progressive income tax or a progressive consumption tax could remedy the dilemma posed by positional externalities. By increasing the progressivity of the current tax structure, the wealthy would pay a larger share of taxes. Simultaneously, the poor and middle class would pay taxes that would be more equitable to their income. A result would be an equal playing field for all the classes. Frank uses the housing market as an example. He states that people at the top should save their earnings and spend less on housing. In turn, their savings would alter the context that influences housing expenditures of people directly below top earners. This would result in a reverse expenditure cascade that would encourage higher savings. 
The fact that Americans had a negative savings rate in 2005, further proves the need for incentives to save money rather than increasing relative spending. The key to creating a genuine impact on spending and saving habits is the collective effort of everyone invested in the economy to cut back on spending. Should a deficit continue, the poor and middle classes will suffer disproportionately to the top earners.

</doc>
<doc id="20385260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385260" title="Seibu Class E31">
Seibu Class E31

The Class E31 was a class of four DC Bo-Bo wheel arrangement electric locomotives operated by the private railway operator Seibu Railway in Japan until March 2010 and subsequently by the Ōigawa Railway.
Four locomotives (numbered E31 to E34) were built at Seibu's Tokorozawa factory between 1986 and 1987 to replace ageing first-generation electric locomotives on freight services and track maintenance train duties. The DT-20A bogies were reused from former JNR 80 series EMUs, and the traction motors were modified from former EMU motors.
They were normally used in pairs by Seibu, top-and-tailing permanent way maintenance trains and to haul newly delivered rolling stock.
Locomotive number E33 was withdrawn on 31 January 2009, becoming the first of the class to be withdrawn. The remaining three locomotives were withdrawn on 28 March 2010.
In September 2010, three of the withdrawn Class E31 locomotives (E32 - E34) were transferred to the Ōigawa Railway to replace the ageing E10 and ED500 locomotives used there.
Locomotive E31 remains preserved at Seibu's Yokoze Depot.

</doc>
<doc id="20385358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385358" title="List of events in Freedom Hall">
List of events in Freedom Hall

NCAA Division I Men's Tournament games played in Freedom Hall.
1958-1963.
1958 Final Four: 
1959 Final Four: 
1962 Final Four: 
1963 Final Four: 
1967-1976.
1967 Final Four: 
1969 Final Four: 
1976 Midwest Regional: 
1983 Midwest Regional First and Second Rounds: 
1987 Southeast Regional: 
1991 Southeast Regional First and Second Rounds:
NCAA Division I Women's Tournament games played in Freedom Hall.
2010 Kansas City Regional First and Second Rounds:
NCAA Division II Men's Tournament games played in Freedom Hall.
2013 Elite Eight
Professional basketball at Freedom Hall.
The Kentucky Colonels of the American Basketball Association played their home games in Freedom Hall for six seasons, from the fall of 1970 until the ABA-NBA merger in June 1976. The Colonels moved to Freedom Hall after playing their first three seasons at the Convention Center (1967-68 through 1969-70).
The first female to play in a professional basketball game did so on the floor of Freedom Hall during a Kentucky Colonels game. Penny Ann Early, an aspiring jockey, briefly entered the game for the Kentucky Colonels against the Los Angeles Stars on November 28, 1968.
The 1972 ABA All-Star Game was played at Freedom Hall on January 29, 1972. 15,738 fans attended; the East, coached by Kentucky Colonels coach Joe Mullaney, defeated the West 142-115. The game's Most Valuable Player was the Kentucky Colonels' Dan Issel.
Many ABA playoff games were held at Freedom Hall including the Kentucky Colonels winning the 1975 American Basketball Association Championship at Freedom Hall. The following ABA playoff games were played at Freedom Hall:
Games and scores.
In addition, the Kentucky Colonels played several exhibition games against teams from the National Basketball Association in Freedom Hall, winning nine and losing five, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20385400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385400" title="RMIT Link">
RMIT Link

RMIT Link is the campus union of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT) in Melbourne, Victoria (Australia). It was formed in 1968 and currently it consists of four main branches: "Arts", "Sports and Recreation", "City Fitness" and "Administration". Most activities are focused on the City Campus, however some activities occur on all RMIT Campuses. RMIT Union is separate organization to the RMIT Student Union which provides all student clubs other than Sports & Arts clubs. Upon its formation, the RMIT Union had little affiliation with the already-existing student union. Conflict between the two unions began as soon as the second union was established, and some conflict still exists today.
Arts.
RMIT Link Arts is the part of RMIT Link that organises Arts, Community and Cultural programs and events at RMIT University, including the RMIT University's Arts Week. Union Arts runs various programs including theatre shows; visual arts events; screen arts events; the concert Choir and fashion, textiles and design workshops.
Arts Council.
The RMIT Link Arts Council is the organisation responsible for providing funding for students as individuals, groups and collectives wishing to create arts programs and events. Membership is made up of an elected student representative from each collective, a representative from each Arts Council funded project and two general members elected at the RMIT Union AGM
Music.
RMIT Music is the organisation responsible for all Music collectives either by direct control or by affiliation (except the RMIT Concert Choir). It operates as a collective under the Arts Council. However unlike other collectives, RMIT Music has many separate bands and the RMIT Music Committee operates in a similar way to the Arts Council itself. The President of this collective is David Garrick. Bands involved in RMIT Music include the Symphonic Orchestra; Occasional Choral Society; Concert and Stage bands; and String, Flute and Recorder Ensembles
Sports and recreation.
RMIT Link Sports and Recreation is the part of RMIT Union that organises Sports clubs and events and recreation trips at RMIT University. Membership of the sports council is made up of one representative from each sports club, one representative from Recreation Trip Leaders and one representative of Sports event participants. Recreation run trips and tours of Victoria, including swimming with dolphins, learning to surf, trips to tourist destinations as well as cultural experiences. RMIT Union is also responsible for running the City Campus Gymnasium.
Governance.
Governance of RMIT Link is overseen by the RMIT Link Board. The RMIT Link Board is made up of eight representatives, two from the Arts Council, two from the Sports Council, two elected at the RMIT Link AGM and two nominated by the Vice-Chancellor. Operationally the RMIT Union is run by the coordinator Fiona Demertzidis.
History.
The RMIT Link was formed in 1968 following discussions and disagreements between the university's Committee of Council and the Student Union. The Link Union had provided its services in numerous locations around the university but 1980-82 Union House (Building 8) was built. It was opened in 1982 by Victorian Premier John Cain and the President of the RMIT Student Union. The building is now shared by the RMIT Union, the Student Union, the Student Services Group, main library, and academic departments. Later Union House was given extra floors and academic departments were added into the building and RMIT Union moved some services in to the neighboring Building 28. RMIT Union eventually expanded into the Bundoora Campus delivering services equal to those on the City Campus.
Following Voluntary Student Unionism legislation that took effect in July 2006 significant funding was lost by RMIT Link causing staffwide redundancies. Almost the entire staff was turned over around this time and the City Campus became the only place where RMIT Union had a physical and staff presence except for a part time staff member at both Brunswick & Bundoora Campuses.

</doc>
<doc id="20385413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385413" title="Mexican Joyride">
Mexican Joyride

Mexican Joyride (1947) is a Looney Tunes cartoon starring Daffy Duck. It was directed by Arthur Davis and written by Dave Monahan. It was only one of three non-Bugs Bunny cartoons from 1947 not to be reissued. The others were "Catch as Cats Can" and "A Pest in the House".
Plot summary.
Daffy Duck drives to Mexico for a vacation, and after a harrowing experience with the local cuisine that literally sets his mouth afire, Daffy goes to a bullfight ring to observe the spectacle. When Daffy jeers at the bull, the horned beast removes the clothes from the human matador and puts them on Daffy as a challenge to the duck to fight the bull in the ring. Daffy foils the bull with a proposed wager on a hat trick, betting the bull to guess which of three sombreros Daffy is hiding under. Daffy sees to it that the bull guesses wrong and supplies a machine gun for the impoverished bull to commit suicide. The bull realizes that he is being fooled and, firing the machine gun, chases Daffy out of the bullfight ring. Daffy scrambles to his car to leave Mexico, thinking he has escaped the belligerent bull. But the bull is riding in the back seat of Daffy's vehicle, unbeknownst to Daffy.

</doc>
<doc id="20385414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385414" title="Greta Goodwin">
Greta Goodwin

Greta Hall Goodwin was a Democratic member of the Kansas Senate, representing the 32nd District from 1997 through 2008. Earlier, she was a member of the Kansas House of Representatives from 1993 through 1996.
Birth.
Goodwin was born in Winfield, Kansas on October 1, 1936. 
Family.
Greta Goodwin is married to James, who also goes as "Jim", and together they have four kids. 
Residence.
Greta Goodwin currently resides in Winfield, Kansas where she also grew up. 
Education.
Goodwin received her education from the following:
Professional experience.
Goodwin has had the following professional experience:
Political Experience.
Goodwin has had the following political experience:
Organizations.
Goodwin has been a member of the following organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="20385419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385419" title="Sunburst (community)">
Sunburst (community)

Sunburst began as an intentional spiritual community in the late 1960s, inspired by an idea for self-sustaining World Brotherhood Colonies envisioned by Paramahansa Yogananda, the Indian yogi and author of Autobiography of a Yogi and founder of Self-realization Fellowship. It was founded and led by Norman Paulsen and in its prime one of the largest shippers of organic products in the United States. Founded near Santa Barbara, California, the Sunburst members believed in a holistic lifestyle based on meditation, living from the land, organic farming, and – to some degree – chastity.
Their religion can best be described as a mixture of mysticism, Christianity, and the practice of Kriya Yoga. The group later incorporated Hopi rituals and symbolism into their ceremonies. During their early years, they referred to themselves as the “Brotherhood of the Sun.”
Early Sunburst.
Norman Paulsen, who started the Sunburst community in the late 1960s as a small group, was a direct disciple of Paramahansa Yogananda, author of the spiritual classic, "Autobiography of a Yogi". The group met in a trailer in Santa Barbara to practice meditation. When they outgrew that location, they moved to an old ice cream factory.
In 1971, the group bought the Ogilvy Ranch approximately north of Santa Barbara and renamed it Lemuria. They grew and sold organic vegetables to bring in revenue.
At one time, the "Lemuria" property grew wheat, corn, and vegetables. Sunburst members planted orchards and vineyards and used Percheron horses to pull their plows. Goats provided milk and cheese; bee hives provided honey. Lemuria even had a blacksmith and a school for members’ children.
In 1974, the "Los Angeles Times" published a feature article about the founder and his organic farming business. The Times said the following about the community, "the office, a converted ice cream factory, is headquarters for a unique brotherhood and business that includes four ranches, three organic food markets, a bakery, two restaurants, a trucking service, and a sailing vessel being restored at San Pedro."
The group flourished, growing to over 300 members, and in 1976 they were able to purchase the Tajiguas Ranch north of Santa Barbara as a lease option. They also opened a restaurant nearby that incorporated their organic produce into the menu (the business closed five years later). During this time period, Sunburst Farms, as the business was called, owned several local businesses, including a bakery, juice factory, and several food stores.
Part of this was documented by two members of the group, Dusk and Willow Weaver. The married couple's joint journal won the “Best Non-Fiction Award” at the Santa Barbara Writers Conference and was later published by AVANT Books in 1982 with the title "Sunburst: A People, A Path, A Purpose".
By the late 1970s, internal disagreements led to the Sunburst community losing two-thirds of its members. The Lemuria property was put on the market, and its population moved to the Tajiguas ranch.

</doc>
<doc id="20385432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385432" title="Sacred Ground (David Murray album)">
Sacred Ground (David Murray album)

Sacred Ground is an album by David Murray released on the Justin Time label. Recorded in 2006 and released in 2007 the album features performances by Murray, Lafayette Gilchrist, Ray Drummond, and Andrew Cyrille which were composed for the soundtrack for Marco Williams' film "Banished" (2007) on American counties in the South and Midwest that expelled blacks between Reconstruction and the Great Depression. The album features Cassandra Wilson on two tracks singing lyrics composed by Ishmael Reed.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars stating "Sacred Ground is a journey in time, space, and sound, one rooted in all the lineages, and yet it is a further benchmark of Murray's own decidedly marked place within it, even as it points both forward and back -- just like Reed's writing and Wilson's singing.".

</doc>
<doc id="20385450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385450" title="Tom Gish">
Tom Gish

Tom Gish (January 28, 1926 – November 21, 2008) was an American newspaper reporter and editor, best known for his work as the owner and editor of "The Mountain Eagle" weekly newspaper in Whitesburg, the county seat of Letcher County, Kentucky, where his paper was the first in the eastern part of the state to challenge the damage caused to the environment resulting from strip mining.
Early life and education.
Gish was a native of Seco, a coal camp near Whitesburg. He met his wife Pat while the two attended the University of Kentucky, where they both worked on "The Kentucky Kernel", the school's student publication. Before purchasing the newspaper in 1956, Gish was the bureau chief in Frankfort, Kentucky for United Press International. His wife had been a reporter for "The Lexington Leader" (which later merged to become the "Lexington Herald-Leader").
Owner/editor of "The Mountain Eagle".
After purchasing the newspaper, the motto was changed from "A Friendly Non-Partisan Weekly Newspaper Published Every Thursday" to "It Screams".
For a period of time, the newspaper's reporters were banned from attending school board and fiscal court meetings. Their efforts to ensure that they could attend and keep those meetings available to the public and press led to passage of Kentucky's open meeting and open records legislation.
An August 1974 firebombing destroyed $17,000 worth of the newspaper's equipment, doing only light structural damage to its facility, yet the local police department placed a condemnation order on the building. A police officer paid to have the building burnt down, after the paper had published articles criticizing treatment of youths by the local police force. Gish said that he had discovered that a coal company had funded the money to pay for the arson. The paper was published the next week, this time with the motto "It Still Screams".
Honors.
The Kentucky -based Institute for Rural Journalism and Community Issues created the Tom and Pat Gish Award in 2005 to recognize rural journalists who "demonstrate courage, tenacity and integrity." The Gishes were honored by the Society of Professional Journalists with the Helen Thomas Lifetime Achievement Award in 2002. They also received the Hugh M. Hefner First Amendment Award in 1983 and were profiled among "100 American Heroes" in a 1986 Special Issue of Newsweek. Tom Gish received the Zenger Award from the University of Arizona in 1974 (between Katharine Graham of the Washington Post (1973) and Seymour Hersh of the New York Times (1975)). He was twice honored in the name of Elijah Parish Lovejoy—once from the University of Arizona (1975), and later from Colby College (2001). He also received the Environmental Policy Institute's Recognition for Coverage of Coalfields Issues in 1987.
Gish died at age 82 on November 21, 2008, after having experienced kidney failure and heart problems.

</doc>
<doc id="20385491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385491" title="Ludwig Diestel">
Ludwig Diestel

Ludwig Diestel (September 28, 1825 – May 15, 1879) was a German Protestant theologian who was a native of Königsberg.
He studied at several universities, and in 1851 became a lecturer at the University of Bonn, where in 1858 he became an associate professor of theology. Afterwards he became a professor at the Universities of Greifswald (1862), Jena (1867) and Tübingen (1872).
Diestel was known for his liberal-minded theological views, and specialized in Old Testament exegesis. He was the author the highly acclaimed "Geschichte des Alten Testamentes in der christlichen Kirche" (History of the Old Testament in the Christian Church), (1868). Other works by Diestel include:

</doc>
<doc id="20385499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385499" title="Twin Pagoda Temple">
Twin Pagoda Temple

The Twin Pagoda Temple (Chinese: 双塔寺; Pinyin: Shūangtǎsì), officially known as Yongzuo Temple (Chinese: 永祚寺; Pinyin: Yǒngzuòsì), of Taiyuan, Shanxi province, China, is a temple containing two pagodas dating from the Ming dynasty.
History.
The East pagoda was built in 1597, and the West one in 1612. In charge of the pagoda’s construction was a high ranking monk, named Fodeng (佛灯). By the 20th century, deterioration since construction had caused the East pagoda to slant from its center of gravity by 2.87 meters. In 1995, experts set about trying to correct the slant. They removed earth from underneath the pagoda and successfully corrected the pagoda's tilt.
Pagodas.
The pagodas are the tallest set of twin pagodas in China. They are both eight-cornered, with the lowest floor being comparatively taller than the rest, the size of the upper floors progressively decreasing. The West Pagoda is 54.78 meters tall, with the lowest floor’s circumference being 4.16 meters. The pagoda’s eaves are painted with emerald green glaze. The East Pagoda is 53.3 meters high, and the lowest floor’s circumference is 4.36 meters. On top of the East pagoda are three magic gourds (宝葫芦), with the upper two parts being made of copper. 
Temple.
The temple contains approximately 260 stone steles, as it is the location where stele from temples in the area that are no longer extant were moved. The temple grounds also contain many peony trees, one of which dates from the Ming Dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="20385501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385501" title="Skytone (band)">
Skytone (band)

Skytone are a Canadian indie pop duo from Ottawa consisting of brothers Rodney and Darius Doddridge. Their sound is generally considered indie/folk/pop alternative with Rodney and Darius singing and playing a variety of instruments on their albums. Rodney plays guitar, bass, drums, keyboard and percussion. Darius plays guitar, bass, keyboard, percussion, mandolin, accordion and some drums. 
Skytone have so far released two albums: "Echoes in all Directions" (2006) and "Shining Over You" (2010). Recording and mixing is done at their home studios and albums are produced by Rodney. Although they record to computer they favor using older “vintage” equipment during the recording and mixing process, for example a Multivox MultiEcho Tape Delay machine was used on every song on the album “Shining Over You”. Skytone incorporates an eclectic range of influences and styles in their music such as folk, indie, Britpop, fuzz pop, reggae, jangle pop, new wave, blue-eyed soul, post punk, garage rock, surf and acoustic folk.
Album tracks "Lindbergh", "The New York Song" and "Just a Little Attention" have proven popular on campus radio charts. They have also appeared on CBC Radio 3.
In the spring of 2008, Skytone won the regional final of the Canadian Radio Star National Songwriting Competition for the song "String of Pearls".
Both albums have been released on the Ottawa-based label The Beautiful Music.
As of late, Skytone are favouring a more acoustical "live in studio" sound for a series of covers and originals featured on their YouTube channel.

</doc>
<doc id="20385511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385511" title="From an Ancient Star">
From an Ancient Star

From an Ancient Star is an album by Belbury Poly.

</doc>
<doc id="20385526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385526" title="Streptomyces fradiae">
Streptomyces fradiae

Streptomyces fradiae is a species of actinobacteria. It produces the antibiotics neomycin, tylosin and fosfomycin (AKA phosphomycin, phosphonomycin).

</doc>
<doc id="20385531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385531" title="Lampas">
Lampas

Lampas is a type of luxury fabric with a background weft (a "ground weave") typically in taffeta with supplementary wefts (the "pattern wefts") laid on top and forming a design, sometimes also with a "brocading weft". Lampas is typically woven in silk, and often has gold and silver thread enrichment.
History.
Lampas weaves were developed around 1000 CE. Beginning late in the 17th century western lampas production began centered in Lyon, France, where an industry of providing for French and other European courts became centered. 

</doc>
<doc id="20385550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385550" title="Al-Qasemi Academic College of Education">
Al-Qasemi Academic College of Education

The Al-Qasemi Academic College of Education is an academic college located in the city of Baqa al-Gharbiyye in the Haifa District in Israel.
The College was founded in 1989 as a college for Sharia and Islamic Studies, is authorized by the Council for Higher Education in Israel and specializes in the following fields: Islamic Studies, Arabic Language and Literature, English Language and Literature, Mathematics and Computers in the elementary and secondary tracks, Early Childhood Education track, Special Education track.
The college employs 120 faculty members, both Arabs and Jews. In 2008, it had a student population of 1,600 from all over Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="20385566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385566" title="Arbor press">
Arbor press

An arbor press is a small hand operated press. It is typically used to perform smaller jobs, such as staking, riveting, installing and removing bearings and other press fit work. Punches, inserters, or other tools/dies may be added to the end of the ram depending on the desired task. Arbor presses are usually rated by the maximum load they can apply. Typically common are presses with a leverage of 1–5 tons. This leverage is achieved when a force is applied to the lever arm or wheel.
Some machinists disparage their use for the pressing of arbors (for which they presumably were named), preferring other methods, such as freezing followed by tapping into place with a rubber hammer. 
Design.
Arbor presses can be mounted on a work bench, wall, or pedestal. The base is usually constructed of cast metal. A "ram" provides the force; it may be square or round. The ram is usually driven by a rack and pinion setup, to improve the mechanical advantage. Higher force arbor presses have another gear reduction. Forces are usually generated by manual or hydraulic input.

</doc>
<doc id="20385568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385568" title="Hermila Galindo">
Hermila Galindo

Hermila Galindo de Topete (29 May 1896 – 1954) was a Mexican feminist and a writer who during the Mexican Revolution became a public supporter of Venustiano Carranza. She supported liberal ideas and was part of a liberal group that was created to lobby against Porfirio Díaz. 
Born in Lerdo, Durango, she was discovered by Carranza while giving a speech to welcome him upon his return to the capital. He then offered her the opportunity to work with him in Veracruz. She then became his private secretary and continued rallying support for the Mexican woman and liberal ideologies. 
After years of writing speeches, articles and treaties she created a magazine called "La Mujer Moderna" (""The Modern Woman""). Along with essays discussing feminist ideas, it also served as propaganda to support Carranza. The magazine also featured articles which expressed her disapproval of the Catholic Church and its methods of control. At the time her views of sex education and women's sexuality were considered to be extremely radical. Her approach seeking equality and women's rights were seen as controversial. During the Feminist Congress of 1916, César González, an education administrator for Carranza, read a statement in which Galindo attacks the male double standard in Mexico. After these statements were read, conservative women's groups went on the defensive and came back with a statement which supported the traditional role of women and opposed women's education. These counterattacks did not stop her. She continued to expose, challenge and question the problems that she saw existed in society. 
She credited her work and pursuit of sex education for women to the philosophers August Bebel and Immanuel Kant. Her strong support for Carranza was evident in her writings, which expressed her faith in him and his potential to create a social revolution. Through him she believed that women could get the vote and that there was hope for social reform. In the end, Carranza failed to create the change he promised. Instead, because of corruption, he became an enemy of the revolution, and left Galindo disillusioned. She was unsuccessful in gaining suffrage for women but her efforts and her openness to publicly criticize the Catholic Church and to challenge the conditions of women living in Mexico were an important contribution to the Mexican Revolution. She ended her career in politics after she married in 1923. She continued, however, to speak out against inequality and injustice.

</doc>
<doc id="20385571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385571" title="E31">
E31

E31 may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20385609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385609" title="Charles A. Bane">
Charles A. Bane

Charles Arthur Bane (May 1, 1913 – April 5, 1998) was an American lawyer and civil rights activist who was a former federal judicial nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit and who also was the first president of the United Way's Illinois chapter.
Early life and education.
Born in Springfield, Illinois and the son of a poor coal miner, Bane graduated at the top of his Springfield High School class. Bane earned a bachelor's degree (Phi Beta Kappa) from the University of Chicago in 1935 and was elected a Rhodes Scholar. At Oxford,he befriended fellow Rhodes Scholar and future novelist Robert Penn Warren. Bane later served on The Rhodes Scholar Selection Committee. He earned a bachelor's degree in jurisprudence from the University of Oxford in 1937 and he earned a law degree from Harvard Law School in 1938.
Professional career.
Bane worked as an attorney for the law firm of Sullivan & Cromwell from 1938 until 1942 and from 1946 until 1949. From 1942 until 1943, Bane was an attorney with the U.S. Office of Lend-Lease Administration, and he was on active duty with the United States Navy as an intelligence officer with OSS, stationed in London, from July 1943 until February 1946. OSS personnel were instrumental in convincing the enemy that D-day forces would land at a beach-head other than Normandy.
From 1949 until 1952, Bane was a partner with the law firm of Mitchell, Conway and Bane in Chicago. In the early 1950s, Bane also worked as the lawyer representing the Chicago City Council's Crime Investigating Committee, which focused on organized crime. He quickly concluded that the crime syndicate had corrupted Chicago's Police Department. He later resigned from his post when the Chicago City Council refused to force police officers to disclose sources of income. As a result of his crime -fighting career, he was asked by prominent Chicago Republicans to run for mayor. He declined.
Bane became a partner in the Chicago law firm of Isham, Lincoln and Beale in 1953. The firm was founded by the surviving son of Abraham Lincoln, Robert Todd Lincoln. The younger Lincoln used a letter of recommendation from Thomas Edison to obtain the firm's first client, Commonwealth Edison. Bane served on the Advisory Board of The Lincoln Legal Papers Project, a mammoth effort that resulted in the collection of more than 5,000 documents relating to Abraham Lincoln's legal practice.
Bane also played a major role in the findings of the National Advisory Committee On Civil Disorder, or Kerner Commission, established by President Lyndon Johnson in the wake of 1967 national race riots, and chaired by Illinois governor Otto Kerner Jr. The Commission was established by Johnson to reportedly find conspiracies aimed at violence within Black communities. Bane chaired the concurrent Citizen's Committee To Study Police Relations (in Chicago). The Committee called 47 witnesses which produced 1,900 pages of transcript. When the Kerner Report, issued February 28, 1968,declared famously that "our nation is moving towards two societies,one Black, one White-separate and unequal", and that race riots could be traced to inadequate employment opportunities and substandard housing, Johnson was enraged.
Bane also served as Editor of the Chicago Bar Record, Chairman of the "American Bar Association Journal", and authored "The Electrical Equipment Conspiracies:The Treble Damage Actions" (1973), a groundbreaking legal text. He also served as President of The Chicago Council On Foreign Relations.He served two years as Co-Chairman of The Lawyers Committee For Civil Rights under President Jimmy Carter.
Following retirement to Florida, he was Visiting Professor Of Law at the University of Miami School Of Law and planned to begin a legal biography of Abraham Lincoln.
Each year the Charles A. Bane Humanitarian Award is presented to a volunteer by the United Way Of Illinois.
Failed nomination to the Seventh Circuit.
On May 28, 1969, President Richard Nixon nominated Bane to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit to replace Elmer Jacob Schnackenberg, who had died in September 1968. Immediately, Bane's nomination ran into trouble for three reasons. First, Bane had litigation pending on his 1963 tax return because of his attempt to deduct $16,000 for business and entertainment expenses. Deputy Attorney General Richard Kleindienst had asked Bane to attempt a settlement with the Internal Revenue Service, and although Bane had tried unsuccessfully to reach a settlement. With the IRS declining to back down from its position, Bane told the White House he would prefer to litigate the case. In addition, Bane had been alleged to have been anti-semitic because he allowed a Jewish family to be rejected for an apartment by the board of his cooperative apartment building at 209 E. Lake Shore Drive in Chicago. Finally, Bane, in a letter he sent to the president on June 30, 1969 requesting that his nomination be withdrawn, cited "pressing commitments" in his law firm and a growing need for him to remain there. 
On October 22, 1969, Nixon formally withdrew Bane's nomination.
On September 22, 1970, Nixon nominated John Paul Stevens to the seat to which he had nominated Bane. Stevens was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 8, 1970, and Stevens eventually went on to a seat on the Supreme Court of the United States.
Bane was the only federal appeals-court nominee of Nixon's entire presidency who was never confirmed. (Two of Nixon's Supreme Court nominees, Clement Haynsworth and G. Harrold Carswell, both were rejected outright by the United States Senate in votes.)
Death.
Bane died in West Palm Beach, Florida on April 5, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20385618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385618" title="Richard Bagwell">
Richard Bagwell

Richard Bagwell (9 December 1840 – 4 December 1918) was a noted historian of the Stuart and Tudor periods in Ireland, and a political commentator with strong Unionist convictions.
He was the eldest son of John Bagwell, M.P. for Clonmel from 1857 to 1874. His son John Philip Bagwell followed the family tradition in politics becoming a Senator in the government of the Irish Free State in 1923.
Academic career.
Bagwell was educated at Harrow and Oxford in England and called to the Bar, being admitted to Inner Temple in 1866. He was the author of "Ireland Under the Tudors" (1885-1890) and "Ireland Under the Stuarts", 3 vols. (1909-10), in recognition for which he was given the honorary degree of Litt. D. by Dublin University in 1913 and that of D.Litt. by Oxford University in 1917. He also wrote the historical entry on ‘Ireland’ for the Encyclopaedia Britannica (Chicago 1911).
Politics.
Bagwell was a Commissioner on National Education between 1905 and 1918 and a member of the Patriotic Union (Southern Unionists).He held the position of High Sheriff of County Tipperary in 1869. He was a Justice of the Peace for County Tipperary (and later for Waterford), and held the office of Deputy Lieutenant of Tipperary. He was also Special Local Government Commissioner between 1898 and 1903 and President of the Borstal Association of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20385620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385620" title="Roskill (New Zealand electorate)">
Roskill (New Zealand electorate)

Roskill was a New Zealand parliamentary electorate, from 1919 to 1996. The electorate was represented by eight Members of Parliament.
Population centres.
In the 1918 electoral redistribution, the North Island gained a further three electorates from the South Island due to faster population growth. Only two existing electorates were unaltered, five electorates were abolished, two former electorate were re-established, and three electorates, including Roskill, were created for the first time.
The electorate was in the western suburbs of Auckland, New Zealand.
History.
The electorate was created in 1919, and existed continuously until 1996, the first mixed-member proportional representation (MMP) election, when it was included in the New Lynn electorate. The first representative was Vivian Potter, who represented the electorate for three terms for the Reform Party. In the , Potter stood in the electorate as an independent but was beaten by Arthur Stallworthy.
In the Roskill electorate, George Munns of the United Party won the 1928 election. He was defeated in by Arthur Shapton Richards. In , Richards was challenged by the former representative Vivian Potter, but Potter came fourth out of the five candidates, with the incumbent winning the election. In the , Richards successfully transferred to the electorate.
In , the electorate was recreated as Mount Roskill, and is held by Phil Goff, the former leader of the Labour Party.
Members of Parliament.
The Roskill electorate was represented by eight Members of Parliament:
Key

</doc>
<doc id="20385622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385622" title="Capillaria aerophila">
Capillaria aerophila

Capillaria aerophila is a nematode parasite found in the respiratory tract of foxes, dogs, and various other carnivorous mammals. A few cases of human infestation have also been reported. Though it is sometimes called a "lungworm", this term usually refers to other species of nematodes. Infestation by "C. aerophila" is referred to as "pulmonary capillariasis" (occasionally spelled "capillariosis), "bronchial capillariasis," or (rarely) "thominxosis." This parasite has a direct life cycle, meaning that the life cycle can be completed in a single host. "C. aerophila" usually causes only minor clinical symptoms, such as irritation of the respiratory tract and coughing. However, secondary bacterial infections of the respiratory tract, including pneumonia, may develop in heavy infestations. Treatment with anthelmintics, such as levamisole or fenbendazole, is usually sufficient to cure "C. aerophila" infestations.
Taxonomy and description.
This species was originally described in 1839, from specimens found in the trachea of a wolf, and named "Trichosoma aerophila". It was transferred to the genus "Eucoleus" (as "Eucoleus aerophilus") by Dujardin in 1845, and to the genus "Capillaria" (as "Capillaria aerophila") in 1911, and is sometimes referred to as "Thominx aerophilum". The changes to the end of the species name in each genus, whether it ends with "-a", "-us" or "-um", are necessary to adhere to the rules of Latin grammar.
Males generally range from 15-25 mm long, with a maximum width of 62 µm, while females are 18-32 mm long with a maximum width of 105 µm. Some sources report that they are larger when they occur in the nasal sinuses.
Hosts and distribution.
"Capillaria aerophila" has been found on every continent, and occurs in dogs, cats, and a wide range of wild mammals. The following species have been reported as hosts:
Life cycle.
"Capillaria aerophila" has a direct life cycle, meaning that it can be completed in one host. The adults lay eggs in the lungs. The eggs are coughed up and swallowed by the host; and are then passed in the feces. In about 5-7 weeks, the larvae develop into the infective stage within the egg envelope in the soil. The infective larvae remain viable for up to 1 year. When a suitable host eats these mature eggs, the larvae hatch in the intestines and migrate to the lungs. They mature into adults about 40 days post-infection. Earthworms may act as intermediate hosts, by eating the "C. aerophila" eggs and infecting mammalian hosts when eaten by the mammals. However, the involvement of the earthworms is not necessary for the completion of the "C. aerophila" life cycle.
Prevalence.
Reported infestation rates in dogs and cats which are kept as pets in Europe and North America are generally less than 10%. In wildlife, rates as high as 74% and 88% have been reported for wild foxes.
Clinical symptoms.
Most cases of "Capillaria aerophila" infestation in dogs and cats are without serious clinical symptoms. Heavy infestations may result in inflammation of the respiratory tract (rhinitis, tracheitis or bronchitis), or secondary bacterial infections of the respiratory tract, including bronchopneumonia. These developments are usually characterized by a whistling sound when the animal breathes, frequent sneezing, or a deep, wheezing cough. 
In humans, symptoms include coughing, fever, bronchitis, dypsnea (shortness of breath), blood in the saliva, and elevated levels of eosinophils in the blood (eosinophilia).
Most reports of "C. aerophila" in wildlife are simply parasite field surveys, and do not mention specific symptoms. However, the involvement of "C. aerophila" infestation and pneumonia, in addition to other parasites, in the death of an Opossum has been reported.
Diagnosis, treatment and prevention.
Infestation is easily diagnosed by the presence of "C. aerophila" eggs in the nasal or tracheal lavage, or the feces of infested animals. Standard anthelmintics, such as ivermectin or fenbendazole, are recommended for treatment of dogs. Humans infested with "C. aerophila" have been successfully treated with albendazole and mebendazole.
For animals kept in outdoor pens, proper drainage and allowing sunlight to hit the floor of the pen have been suggested to minimize the spread of infestation.

</doc>
<doc id="20385631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385631" title="Janis Lee">
Janis Lee

Janis K. Lee is the chief hearing officer for the Kansas Court of Tax Appeals. She was a Democratic member of the Kansas Senate representing the 36th District from 1989 until 2010. She was Assistant Minority (Democrat) Leader of the Kansas House of Representatives from 1997 until her appointment as a hearing officer. She was also the vice-president of the Unified School District 238 Board of Education.
Committee assignments.
Sen. Lee served on these legislative committees:
Major donors.
Some of the top contributors to Sen. Lee's 2008 campaign, according to the "National Institute on Money in State Politics":
Energy and natural resources companies were her largest donor group.

</doc>
<doc id="20385648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385648" title="Electoral results for the Division of Prospect">
Electoral results for the Division of Prospect

This is a list of electoral results for the Division of Prospect from the electorate's creation in 1969 until its abolition in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20385704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385704" title="Gethsemane (play)">
Gethsemane (play)

Gethsemane is a play by David Hare. It premièred at the National Theatre in London on 4 November 2008.
The work opens with a reflection on the sway religious books hold over their adherents, but it soon establishes itself as a political piece dramatising the methods used by the governing Labour Party in Britain to raise party funds. Using lapses in the personal and public lives of the characters, often easily recognisable as incidents drawn from the lives of real politicians recently departed from office, the play illuminates the cynicism and expediency of a political party too long unchallenged in power.
The title " Gethsemane" refers to the life-changing decision by the character "Lori" to give up teaching and become a busker. Only later in the play, as other less idealistic characters avoid their own "Gethsemane moments", is it explained to her that in the Garden of Gethsemane Christ's decision was to stick with the plan and not to take the easy path.

</doc>
<doc id="20385706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385706" title="Tasa de Gamboa">
Tasa de Gamboa

Tasa de Gamboa or Rate of Gamboa was a money tax rate applied to the indigenous peoples in the Kingdom of Chile by the Governor Martin Ruiz de Gamboa, in place of the tribute of personal service in the encomienda system, as desired by the kings of Spain. It replaced the Tasa de Santillán in an effort to end the abuses of the tribute of personal service.
Description.
In the 1580 Rate of Gamboa, the tribute of personal service was abolished, however the Indians of the repartimientos were required to pay nine pesos annually in the diocese of Santiago, and seven in the diocese of La Imperial. The post of corregidor was created to oversee the tax system and the protection of the Indians. These functionaries were to be supported by a portion of the tax, but a majority of it went to the encomenderos.
These civil servants called corregidors were to guard the interests of the natives of their respective district and he was called on to regulate the work of the native laborers. The native who sold his labor received a wage, determined by the justicia mayor. The tribute of the rate was deducted from those wages the natives obtained from their work. This was kept in a coffer with three keys, the box of the community, to which the corregidor, the priest and the cacique of the native people had access.
History.
From its beginning the bishop of Santiago Diego de Medellín, arranged that no encomendero that used the labor of the natives received the sacraments. However, this new system did not satisfy anybody, the natives suffered more abuses from the corregidors than from the encomenderos, and the encomenderos suffered great losses to their income. Thus within a few years of Gamboa's replacement by governor Alonso de Sotomayor the Rate of Gamboa was abolished in 1587, and Sotomayor returned to a labor service system similar to the one of the Tasa de Santillán.

</doc>
<doc id="20385712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385712" title="Mikki Padilla">
Mikki Padilla

Mikki Padilla (born May 27, 1974) is an American actress, model, writer and author. She hailed from Denver, Colorado but grew up in Santa Fe, New Mexico. She was named 1 of top 5 coveted spots in the nationwide campaign, including Puerto Rico, as AVON's Latina Model of the Year. She has since filmed several projects, commercials, and her book, "Been There, Done That... now doing MORE!" was just released in March of 2013. Padilla was the co-host of Catch 21 on GSN.

</doc>
<doc id="20385745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385745" title="John Fishel">
John Fishel

John Alan Fishel (Born: November 8, 1962 in Fullerton, California) is a former right-handed Major League Baseball outfielder who played for the Houston Astros in 1988. 
Prior to playing professionally, he attended Cal State Fullerton, with whom he won the 1984 College World Series Most Outstanding Player as a junior outfielder. 
He was originally drafted by the New York Yankees in the eighth round of the 1981 draft, but he chose not to sign. In 1984, he was drafted by the Oakland Athletics in the 19th round of the draft, but again, he did not sign. Finally, when he was drafted by the Houston Astros in the ninth round of the 1985 draft by the Astros, he did sign. 
In 1985, he began his professional career with the Auburn Astros, with whom he hit .261 with nine home runs and 42 RBI in 268 at-bats. He played for the Osceola Astros in 1986, hitting .269 with 12 home runs, 83 RBI and 17 stolen bases in 490 at-bats. With the Columbus Astros in 1987, he hit .276 with 24 home runs and 88 RBI in 457 at-bats. 
Fishel began the 1988 season with the Tucson Toros in 1988, and he hit .261 with 18 home runs and 68 RBI in 360 at-bats with them. On July 14, he made his big league debut, against pitcher Bruce Ruffin of the Philadelphia Phillies. Pinch-hitting for pitcher Mike Scott, Fishel grounded out in his first and only at-bat of the game. Overall, he would hit .231 in 26 big league at-bats in his only season in the majors. He appeared in 19 major league games, hitting one home run with two RBI. The home run was perhaps the biggest highlight of his big league career. It was against pitcher Steve Peters of the St. Louis Cardinals on September 3. He played his final big league game on October 2.
Although his big league career was done, his professional career was not. On January 10, 1989, Fishel was traded by the Astros with minor leaguers Mike Hook and Pedro DeLeon to the Yankees for Rick Rhoden. He played for the Columbus Clippers in both 1989 and 1990, which was his final professional season. In 1989, he hit .218 with six home runs and 31 RBI, and in 1990 he hit .200 with three home runs and 21 RBI.
Overall, Fishel hit .254 with 72 home runs and 333 RBI in his six-year minor league career.

</doc>
<doc id="20385749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385749" title="The Best of JT Money &amp; Poison Clan">
The Best of JT Money &amp; Poison Clan

The Best of JT Money & Poison Clan is a compilation album released by Luke Records containing the greatest hits from the group, Poison Clan. The album managed to make it to #82 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20385782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385782" title="Tasa de Esquilache">
Tasa de Esquilache

The Tasa de Esquilache or Rate of Esquilache was a tax rate established in 1621, by Lope de Ulloa y Lemos, Prince of Esquilache, for the native people of the Kingdom of Chile similar to the one of the earlier Tasa de Gamboa.

</doc>
<doc id="20385788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385788" title="Grove Hill Courthouse Square Historic District">
Grove Hill Courthouse Square Historic District

The Grove Hill Courthouse Square Historic District is a historic district in Grove Hill, Alabama. It is centered on the Clarke County Courthouse and the boundaries are roughly Cobb, Court, Jackson, and Main Streets. It features examples of Greek Revival and Queen Anne architecture. The district was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on March 24, 1995 and to the National Register of Historic Places on April 30, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20385798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385798" title="Prince Ferdinand of Bavaria">
Prince Ferdinand of Bavaria

Prince Ferdinand Maria Ludwig Franz von Assisi Isabellus Adalbert Ildefons Martin Bonifaz Joseph Isidro of Bavaria (10 May 1884 – 5 April 1958) was the eldest son and child of Prince Ludwig Ferdinand of Bavaria and his wife Infanta María de la Paz of Spain. Ferdinand became an Infante of Spain on 20 October 1905 and renounced his rights to the throne of the Kingdom of Bavaria in 1914.
Marriage and issue.
Ferdinand married his first cousin, Infanta Maria Teresa of Spain, second eldest child and daughter of Alfonso XII of Spain and his second wife Maria Christina of Austria, on 12 January 1906 in Madrid. Ferdinand and Maria Teresa had four children:
This marriage and the granted royal rank in Spain meant that Ferdinand (also known as Infante don Fernando Maria de Baviera y de Borbon), the third-generation Spanish-Bavarian, committed himself to Spain. His second marriage with a Spanish noblewoman changed nothing in that respect.
Ferdinand married for a second time to Maria Luisa de Silva y Fernández de Henestrosa, Duchess of Talavera de la Reina, daughter of Luis de Silva y Ferandez, 10th Count of Pie de Concha and his wife Maria de los Dolores Fernandez de Henestrosa y Fernández de Córdoba, on 1 October 1914 in Fuenterrabía, Spain. Maria Luisa was also granted the title "Infanta of Spain".
Later life.
Ferdinand survived his mother by 12 years and his father by 9 years. He had Alfonso XIII of Spain as his first cousin and brother-in-law and Prince Carlos of Bourbon-Two Sicilies as another brother-in-law. Spanish claimants Infante Jaime, Duke of Segovia and Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona were his nephews.

</doc>
<doc id="20385824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385824" title="Indiana Harbor East Breakwater Light">
Indiana Harbor East Breakwater Light

The Indiana Harbor East Breakwater Light is an active aid to navigation that marks the end of a breakwater on the east side of the Indiana Harbor and Ship Canal where it enters Lake Michigan.
History.
According to the Northwest Ordinance of 1787, Michigan's southern boundary should be a line drawn from the southern tip of Lake Michigan east to Lake Erie. Due to errors of cartography, Lake Michigan was charted further north than it really is. This error put Toledo, Ohio and the Maumee River mouth in Ohio. This was one of the bones of contention involved in the “Toledo War”, which was only resolved by Act of Congress, and the related award of the Upper Peninsula to Michigan. All of this had an indirect effect on Indiana's northern border, which now encompassed the southern tip of Lake Michigan.
Indiana Harbor was constructed over several years, beginning in 1901, and this included a breakwater paralleling the east edge of the channel where it enters the lake. In 1914 responsibility for the waterway and its facilities was assumed by the Corps of Engineers, and there is some indication that the Corps erected a lighthouse on the breakwater in 1920; however, information on its construction is lacking.
On 26 March 1901, Inland Steel Company contracted with Lake Michigan Land Company. It accepted fifty acres of dune land near East Chicago and a promise that a harbor and railroad would be built, in consideration of a promise to build a steel plant there that would cost no less than one million dollars. For $500,000, Inland Steel divested itself of Inland Iron and Forge Company, and raised another $500,000 to fund the project.
During 1901 and 1902, Indiana Harbor was dredged and a breakwater built. In 1903, work began on a canal that would eventually linking the Indiana Harbor inland to both the Grand Calumet River and Lake George. Over the next several years, many industries were established there.
In 1914, the federal government assumed responsibility for Indiana Harbor and the canal. The first lighthouse was constructed in the harbor in 1920. The current light was erected in 1935, and is identical to the better known Port Washington Breakwater Light in Wisconsin. It is an Art Deco steel tower standing on a circular pier at the tip of the breakwater. The original lantern, which housed a fourth order Fresnel lens (1 second flash every 7.5 seconds), has been removed and replaced by a modern beacon with a characteristic of three seconds on followed by three seconds off.
It is one of a dozen past or present lighthouses in Indiana.
The prior square light was decommissioned when it became redundant, as the harbor had grown past it.
A contemporary unmanned light in the Art Deco style is the Gravelly Shoal Light in Michigan.
Although it never had a resident lighthouse keeper, this light is a recognized 'significant light" by the National Park Service National Maritime Initiative.
In June, 2009 the Coast Guard proposed changing the light to a green Light emitting diode.
Getting there.
The industrial area surrounding the breakwater is private and the area closed. It is best seen from the water. Charters, however, are available.
The lighthouse is owned by the Coast Guard and the tower is closed.

</doc>
<doc id="20385827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385827" title="Staking (manufacturing)">
Staking (manufacturing)

Staking is the process of connecting two components by creating an interference fit between the two pieces. One workpiece has a hole in it while the other has a boss that fits within the hole. The boss is undersized so that it is a slip fit. A staking punch is then used to compress the boss radially and form an interference fit between the workpieces. This forms a permanent joint.
Thermoplastic staking.
Thermoplastic staking, also known as heat staking, is the same process except that it uses heat to deform the plastic boss, instead of cold forming. A plastic stud protruding from one component fits into a hole in the second component. The stud is then deformed through the softening of the plastic to form a head which mechanically locks the two components together. It is a versatile technique benefiting from being quick, economical and consistent. Unlike welding techniques, staking has the capacity to join plastics to other materials (e.g. metal) in addition to joining like or dissimilar plastics and it has the advantage over other mechanical joining methods in eliminating the need for consumables such as rivets and screws.

</doc>
<doc id="20385855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385855" title="After Dark (live video album)">
After Dark (live video album)

After Dark is a VHS/DVD release by the band Type O Negative, which was released in 1998 and 2000 (VHS and DVD respectively). This video contains live footage of the band performing on stage, back stage antics, music videos, and cynical humor. It also features an onstage food fight/altercation with the heavy metal band Pantera.
Track list.
All songs written by Peter Steele except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20385919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385919" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1928">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1928

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1928 Australian federal election. The election was held on 17 November 1928.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending one seat. The Nationalist-Country Coalition was defending two seats. Nationalist Senators Charles Cox, Walter Duncan and Walter Massy-Greene were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Four seats were up for election. One of these was a short-term vacancy caused by Nationalist Senator Thomas Givens's death; this had been held in the interim by Labor's John MacDonald. The Nationalist Party was defending four seats. Nationalist Senators Sir William Glasgow and William Thompson were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Three seats were up for election. Originally, they were held by the Labor Party, but two Nationalist Party members had been appointed to casual vacancies. Nationalist Senators Alexander McLachlan and Sir John Newlands and Country Party Senator John Chapman were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Three seats were up for election. The Nationalist Party was defending two seats. One seat had been held by the Labor Party, but Senator James Ogden had defected to the Nationalists. Nationalist Senators John Millen, Herbert Payne and Burford Sampson were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Country Party was defending one seat. Nationalist Senators Harold Elliott, James Guthrie and William Plain were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Nationalist Party was defending one seat. Nationalist Senators Patrick Lynch and Sir George Pearce and Country Party Senator William Carroll were not up for re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="20385939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385939" title="Laura Kelly">
Laura Kelly

Laura Kelly (born January 24, 1950) is a Democratic member of the Kansas Senate, representing the 18th District since 2005. She is currently the Senate Assistant Minority Leader.
Personal life.
Kelly was born in New York City. She studied at Bradley University where she earned a BS in Psychology, and at Indiana University where she earned a MS in Therapeutic Recreation.
Political career.
In late 2009 Kelly briefly considered a run for Kansas's 2nd congressional district.
Issue positions.
Priority issues for Kelly include:
Committee assignments.
Kelly serves on these legislative committees:
Sponsored legislation.
Legislation co-sponsored by Kelly includes:
Group Ratings.
Abortion:
Budget, Spending, and Taxes:
Business and Consumers:
Education:
Major donors.
Some of the top contributors to Kelly's 2008 campaign, according to the "National Institute on Money in State Politics":
Political parties were her largest donor group.

</doc>
<doc id="20385947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385947" title="Round 2 (J. Holiday album)">
Round 2 (J. Holiday album)

Round 2 is the second studio album by American recording artist J. Holiday. The album was released on March 10, 2009. The album is the follow-up to his gold-selling debut album "Back of My Lac"'. The first single is "It's Yours".The 2nd single that was supposed to be released was Fall, but due to label problems it was canceled like ""Come Here"" on his previous album.
Reception.
The album sold 55,000 units in its first week and debuted at number 4 on the Billboard 200.
Personnel.
Credits for "Round 2" adapted from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="20385953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385953" title="Eric Miles Williamson">
Eric Miles Williamson

Eric Miles Williamson (born June 20, 1961) is an American novelist and literary critic, member of the Board of Directors of the National Book Critics Circle, editor of the "American Book Review", "Boulevard", and "Texas Review". Williamson is currently Professor of Postmodern and Contemporary Literature at the University of Texas-Pan American and was previously an associate professor of English at the University of Central Missouri.
"East Bay Grease".
A former student of the fiction writer Donald Barthelme, Williamson has met critical success as a novelist. On his book, "East Bay Grease", a journalist at the "New York Times" wrote, the "prose cuts loose in torrid rhythms that evoke the peril and exuberance of jazz." His style in this book has also led the work to be called "an internal combustion novel."
"Personal Life".
Williamson is a 1979 graduate of Pacific High School in San Leandro, California, and played trumpet in its jazz band. In East Bay Grease, he gives the real names of many of the members of that band, although the novel places them in a fictional junior high school. He lives in McAllen, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20385969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385969" title="Antônio Caio da Silva Sousa">
Antônio Caio da Silva Sousa

Antonio Caio da Silva Souza, shortly Caio (born November 10, 1980) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an offensive midfielder for Goiás.
His previous club was Al-Ahli in Saudi Arabia, Coritiba (PR), Flamengo (RJ), Chunnam Dragons in South Korea, Al-Khor, in Qatar, Paraná (PR), Ituano (SP), Rio Preto (SP), Rio Branco (SP), Bahia (BA), Avaí and Atlético Mineiro.

</doc>
<doc id="20385980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385980" title="The Last Town on Earth">
The Last Town on Earth

The Last Town on Earth is a 2006 novel by Thomas Mullen. The novel focuses on the town of Commonwealth, Washington in 1918 during World War I and the emergence of the Spanish Flu. The town agrees to quarantine itself from the outside world, to hopefully save itself from the flu. Unfortunately, Phillip Worthy, the adopted son of Charles Worthy, the town founder, brings a lost soldier into the town and while it seems as if the soldier is perfectly healthy, the flu comes into Commonwealth anyway causing the town to start turning on each other.
The politics of the Industrial Workers of the World, American Protective League, and the Four Minute Men, as well as the aftermath of the Everett Massacre, play major roles in the novel. According to the afterword, Commonwealth was inspired by a combination of Gunnison, Colorado (which quarantined itself from the flu) and the communes of Equality Colony, Freeland, and Home (which were socialist communes in Washington). John M. Barry's "The Great Influenza" was also an inspiration.
It won the James Fenimore Cooper Prize for Best Historical Fiction in 2007. "The New York Times Book Review" calls it a "remarkable first novel" and praises the novel's "brilliant series of plot twists" and "carefully detailed historical context".

</doc>
<doc id="20385989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20385989" title="Coal Creek Historic Mining District">
Coal Creek Historic Mining District

The Coal Creek Historic Mining District is a gold-mining area in the Yukon-Charley Rivers National Preserve of Alaska dating from the 1930s. It features a gold dredge and a supporting community of several dozen buildings, established by mining entrepreneur Ernest Patty.
The listed area includes the last of Coal Creek before the Yukon River, where, at the mouth, the roadhouse Slaven's Cabin is included. It includes two former locations and the current location of the gold dredging operation. It includes 26 contributing buildings and 12 contributing structures and three contributing sites. The architecture is strictly functional, besides for the roadhouse.
The district contains buildings, structures, a dredge, water system, tailings piles, and
other mine engineering sites and objects that together represent Alaskan dredge mining
operations of the 1930s. The majority of buildings and structures were built between 1934 and 1940. The mining camp has been moved twice from it original site. The design, materials, and construction of the buildings all reflect the utilitarian and remote nature of the camp. Except for Slaven's Roadhouse, workmanship is strictly functional: competent but uninspired. Nothing detracts from the feeling of a remote placer mining operation of the 20th century. The district contains 26 contributing buildings, 3 sites, and 12 structures. The noncontributing items include 5 buildings and 2 structures.
In 1941, the camp was apparently moved from its original location near the mouth of Cheese
Creek to a hillside location near Snare Creek, and in 1952 to the present location at Beaton
Pup. The original camp site was dredged over in 1941. The creek has since changed channels
and today flows through a portion of the first site.
The dredge is the most significant relic in the district. It is a medium-sized diesel-powered floating dredge. It was built by the Walter W. Johnson Company of Oakland, California and shipped in pieces to Skagway, then by rail to Whitehorse, Yukon Territory and by barge down the Yukon River.
The encampment moved three times. It was first established near the mouth of Cheese Creek in 1934, then moved to a location near Snare Creek in 1941. The final move brought it to its present location at Beaton Pup. The first site has not survived, having been dredged over. The second site has been altered by changes in the course of the creek. The Frank Slaven Roadhouse, separately listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is nearby and is included in the district. The third camp survives nearly intact, with its equipment and historic context preserved.
The placer operation was managed by mining engineer Ernest Patty, who arrived in Alaska in 1922 and had become an instructor at the University of Alaska in Fairbanks. Patty was to return to what had become the University of Alaska in 1953 as president of the university, retiring in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="20386021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386021" title="Greg Ellena">
Greg Ellena

Greg Ellena (born in Gibsonia, Pennsylvania) was a designated hitter who is most notable for winning the 1985 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a junior at University of Miami. He is one of four players from University of Miami to win that award. The others are Dan Smith, Pat Burrell and Charlton Jimerson.
He never played professionally. He did however bat 1.000 in exhibition games against major league teams while in college.
Ellena graduated with a degree in electrical engineering. He worked for Florida Power and Light and Dominion Power.

</doc>
<doc id="20386031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386031" title="Boss (engineering)">
Boss (engineering)

In engineering, a boss is a protruding feature on a workpiece.
A common use for a boss is to locate one object within a pocket or hole of another object. For instance, some motors use a precisely machined boss on the front face to locate it on the mating part.
The term 'boss' when used in engineering can also relate to a finishing edge around (usually) a circular opening that allows the opening to locate onto, or within another opening thus locating or joining two items together with a view to the location or joining being temporary or semi-permanent.
A common everyday example of a boss is the housing of the rotation spindle in a washing machine drum, or on a cylinder lawn mower at the end of the cutting blade cylinder which may house a bearing set to allow the cylinder to rotate through one plane, but held firm in another plane.
A boss can also be a brass eyelet on a sail. It is a generic term to describe an item designed to facilitate the use with, within, on or around another item whereby one cannot operate properly without the other.
The word 'boss' is also often used to describe the end of a shaft on a boat to which a propeller might attach. 
Boss
A projection or an enlarged section of a casting through which a hole may be machine. 

</doc>
<doc id="20386045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386045" title="Tasa de Laso de la Vega">
Tasa de Laso de la Vega

Tasa de Laso de la Vega or Rate of Laso de la Vega, a new tax rate dictated in 1635 by the Royal Governor of Chile Francisco Laso de la Vega. It said that the natives of the encomiendas were free to pay their tribute in money, labor or in gold species at an annual amount of 10 pesos, that was equivalent to 40 days of forced labor. Nevertheless this rule was rarely actually applied and the native laborers did not see improvement in their conditions. 

</doc>
<doc id="20386051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386051" title="Marc Bell">
Marc Bell

Marc Bell is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20386073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386073" title="303 Fear Faith Revenge">
303 Fear Faith Revenge

303 Fear Faith Revenge (, ) is a 1998 Thai horror film starring Taya Rogers, Artid Ryu, and Ananda Everingham. In this film, an investigation into a star student's suicide results in several students being stranded in their closed school where they are hunted and killed one-by-one.

</doc>
<doc id="20386078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386078" title="National Coalition of 100 Black Women">
National Coalition of 100 Black Women

The National Coalition of 100 Black Women (NCBW) is a non-profit volunteer organization for American women. Its members address common issues in their communities, families and personal lives, promoting gender and racial equity.
The organization has its roots in the Coalition of 100 Black Women, founded in New York City in 1970 by Edna Beach and 23 other African American women. The organization takes its name from 100 Black Men of America. Jewell Jackson McCabe, one of the original founders, became President of the New York chapter in 1977 and set out to create a national coalition. Within ten months, the organization had 37 chapters in 20 states. By 1981, the organization had grown to over 500 members, gaining local and national media recognition. They worked with other chapters and women leaders from throughout the United States to form the NCBW. In October 24, 1981, after returning from the National Conference of Black Mayors, it was determined that it was imperative to formally extend the entity beyond New York City. As a result, the word "National" was incorporated into the organization's name. NCBW became a not-for-profit organization with representatives from fourteen states and the District of Columbia. By 1986, there were three thousand members in nineteen states with forty-seven chapters altogether. In 1998, the advocacy agenda of the National Coalition of 100 Black Women expanded to include other women of color.
The National Coalition of 100 Black Women has thousands of members with sixty chapters in twenty five states and the District of Columbia with the purpose of meeting the needs of its members and empowering Black women. Their programs and meetings address diverse issues through the National Coalition of 100 Black Women/Community Services Fund.
The National Coalition of 100 Black Women bestows Candace Women of Achievement Awards to women of minority descent that have made valuable contributions to their communities. The award is named for Candace, the title for queens and queen mothers of the ancient African Kingdom of Kush.

</doc>
<doc id="20386093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386093" title="Marc Bell (entrepreneur)">
Marc Bell (entrepreneur)

Marc Bell is the managing partner of Marc Bell Capital Partners LLC a Boca Raton, Florida firm he founded in 2003 which invests in entertainment ventures, publishing, internet and real estate.
Biography.
In October 2011, Bell co-founded and sits on the Board of Directors of Javelin Mortgage Investment Corp (NYSE:JMI) a publicly traded REIT with over $1 billion in assets that invests in both agency and non-agency residential mortgage backed securities. In November 2009 Bell co-founded and sits on the Board of Directors of ARMOUR Residential REIT, Inc. (NYSE: ARR), a publicly traded REIT with over $20 billion in assets that invests in agency only residential mortgage backed securities. Bell is also the General Partners of Barbican Capital Management a long/short hedge fund focused on U.S. publicly traded equity securities.
Prior to entering the mortgage backed security business Bell spent 10 years until his retirement on July 1, 2012 as the Chief Executive Officer of FriendFinder Networks Inc. (NasdaqGM: FFN), a leading internet-based social networking and technology company, owner of the FriendFinder family of social networking and online personals sites in addition to the Penthouse lifestyle brand. With over 48,000 websites and over 500 million registered users FriendFinder became one of the largest website holding companies in the world.
Prior to founding Marc Bell Capital in 2003, Bell served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Globix Corporation. He founded the predecessor company for Globix as a provider of desktop publishing systems in 1989 and added complementary services over time. This group of businesses called Bell Technology Group completed an IPO on the NASDAQ in 1996. Under Bell's leadership Bell Technology Group grew rapidly into Globix, a leading provider of corporate Internet solutions, with over 1,000 employees worldwide and a Fortune 100 client list. Globix at its peak owned over 20,000 miles around the globe and had over 1 million square feet of Internet Data Center space to serve its Fortune 100 customers. While at Globix Bell has also a seed investor in several start-up entities including iFilm, Vault.com, NetSat Express, Edgar Online, Earnings.com and SpamEx
Bell has also been a producer of a number successful Broadway musicals and plays: Bell won a Tony Award for Best Musical for Grammy Award winning musical Jersey Boys in 2006, and Mr. Bell won his second Tony Award for Best Play for Pulitzer Prize winner . He also produced A Catered Affair, Rock of Ages, The Wedding Singer, The Times They Are-A Changin'.
Bell Co-Executive Produces full-length motion pictures including Barry Munday, Sympathy for Delicious, Beware of the Gonzo and is Executive Producer of "Hesher", starring Academy Award winner Natalie Portman.
Bell is a partner in a number of restaurant and nightclub related ventures including as Philippe by Philippe Chow in Miami Beach; Munchbar and Piano Bash in Seattle; Lavo, Avenue, Catch and Artichoke Basilles in New York City.
Bell is a member of the Board of Trustees of New York University, New York University School of Medicine. Bell also was an adjunct professor at the Global Entrepreneurship Center of Florida International University, where he taught graduate courses in Entrepreneurship.
Bell runs a foundation to foster education and advance medical research. Since its inception the foundation has organized significant personal and outside donations to schools, hospitals and educational institutions. Some of the foundation's notable programs include The Bell Scholarship, which encourages undergraduates to choose careers in public service by relieving them of their debt upon graduation.
Bell's formal education includes a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Babson College and a Master of Science degree in real estate from New York University.

</doc>
<doc id="20386117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386117" title="Toys (album)">
Toys (album)

Toys is an album by the funk band Funkadelic. The album was released by Westbound Records in 2008 and consists of previously unreleased sessions recorded during the band's tenure for Westbound. The album was originally scheduled to be released in 2002, but was delayed numerous times, presumably due to legal issues. The CD also features a video clip of the song "Cosmic Slop", which can only be viewed on a PC.

</doc>
<doc id="20386134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386134" title="Paul Michael Robinson">
Paul Michael Robinson

Paul Michael Robinson (born April 7, 1963) is an American actor, photographer, producer and model. He is most well known for playing the sexually inexperienced, alien leader Haffron from the classic "Emmanuelle in Space". He is well known in direct-to-video action films including "Maximum Security", "Active Stealth", and "The Capitol Conspiracy".
Early life.
Paul was born in Long Beach, California. He served in the United States Army and was stationed at Fort Stewart, GA. He was in the 3rd Battalion, 15th Infantry specializing in communications. He was out before Desert Storm. After the military he had a friend take photographs of him to help him break into the film business.
"Emmanuelle in Space".
Paul was cast as the lead opposite Krista Allen in the erotic epic "Emmanuelle in Space". The role enabled him to show that he had quite a presence as an actor and comedian. It also allowed him to showcase his physical attributes and beauty. "Emmanuelle in Space" remains one of the pioneering softcore films and continues to find new audiences and fans.
Justine.
The success of "Emmanuelle in Space" brought Paul back to Alain Siritzky Productions to be showcased in their newest epic "The Adventures of Justine". Paul played Klauss Heinmann, Timothy Di Pri's nemesis. The series was not as well received as the "Emmanuelle in Space" series, but did offer Paul the chance to play a very different role.
Recent Works.
Paul has worked on "Head, Heart and Balls...or Why I Gave Up Smoking Put?" co-starring Adam Carolla.

</doc>
<doc id="20386174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386174" title="Mark Gilstrap">
Mark Gilstrap

Mark Gilstrap held the 5th District Senate seat of Kansas from 1996–2008. With the backing of Secretary of State Kris Kobach, Mark is again running for that same seat in 2012. A former Democrat, Gilstrap is a fiscal and social conservative. He believes in a smaller government, lower taxes, the 2nd Amendment and he's one of the state's strongest pro-life politicians.

</doc>
<doc id="20386183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386183" title="Juan Lombardo">
Juan Lombardo

Juan José Lombardo, born 19 March 1927 in Salto, Buenos Aires province, is a retired Argentine Vice Admiral. He was the commander in chief of the TOAS or "Teatro de Operaciones del Atlántico sur" (South Atlantic Theatre of Operations) during the 1982 Falklands War. He was also the mastermind of Operation "Rosario", the Argentine invasion of the Falklands. Since 2010, he is under house arrest and awaiting trial for crimes against humanity committed in Argentina during the period 1976-1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20386206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386206" title="Petre Antonescu">
Petre Antonescu

Petre Antonescu (1891 – 1957) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. In 1941, he became Head General-Secretary of the Department Ministry of Defense. He served as the Chief of Staff, 4th Army, from 1943 to 1944. From 1944 to 1945, he was the General Office Commanding the 1st Guard Division, the Artillery 4th Army, and finally the 21st Division. He went into reserve in 1945. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20386209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386209" title="William Howship Dickinson">
William Howship Dickinson

William Howship Dickinson (1832–1913) was a British doctor. He was educated at Cambridge and later trained at St George’s Hospital.
He was involved in the early characterization of what came to be known as Alport syndrome. although he was best known as a physician a position he served from 1869 to 1874 at the children’s hospital
He worked at Great Ormond Street Hospital where he was particularly interested in children with neurological conditions. He also worked as a censor and curator of the museum at the Royal College of Physicians. He also served as an examiner in medicine to the Royal College of Surgeons, and to the universities of Cambridge, London and Durham.
He was President of the Pathological Society of London from 1889 to 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="20386252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386252" title="Ioan Arbore">
Ioan Arbore

Ioan Arbore (born 1892, died 1954) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He began his career as the Commanding Officer of the 2nd Fortress Brigade in 1941, and as the Commanding Officer of the 3rd Mixed Fortress Brigade later that year. In 1942, he was the Chief of Staff, 3rd Army. In 1943, he served as the Under-Secretary of Supply. He went into reserve in 1944 and retired in 1945, but was arrested the following year and condemned to ten years of imprisonment as a traitor in 1948. He died in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="20386270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386270" title="Hwangju Riverside Stadium">
Hwangju Riverside Stadium

Hwangju Riverside Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Sariwon, North Korea. It is currently used mostly for football matches and hosts the home matches of Sariwon United. The stadium holds 7,500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20386277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386277" title="Ioan Arhip">
Ioan Arhip

Ioan Arhip (born 1890, died 1980) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He began his career as Deputy General Officer Commanding 3rd Division in 1941, and was promoted to General Officer of the division the following year. From 1942-1944, Arhip was Vice Chief General of Staff. He became the General Officer Commanding 15th Training Division in 1944, and Director of Infantry later that year. He was Deputy General Officer Commanding 2nd Corps area in 1944, and went into reserve in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20386281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386281" title="Dominique Davis">
Dominique Davis

Dominique D. Davis (born July 17, 1989) is an American football quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Falcons as an undrafted free agent in 2012. Davis played college football at Boston College, Fort Scott Community College and East Carolina University.
High school career.
Davis earned FSWA All-State Class 3A first-team honors as a senior quarterback and was an honorable mention as a junior. He threw for 2,758 yards and 28 touchdowns in 2006. He completed 16-of-33 passes for 271 yards and one touchdown in the Kathleen High School's regional semifinal loss to Hardee. He completed 136-of-227 passes for 1,659 yards and 11 touchdowns as a junior, leading Kathleen to a 10-3 record and the district title. He also competed on the school's basketball and track and field teams.
College career.
Boston College.
After sitting out the 2007 season with Matt Ryan leading the Boston College Eagles, in his second season he and Chris Crane vied for the position of quarterback early on in the 2008 season. Dominique got his first snaps in a game against University of Central Florida following a poor showing by Crane. He also played in the following game against University of Rhode Island, but then was benched by head coach Jeff Jagodzinski as Crane solidified his position.
Then in week 13 against Wake Forest Chris Crane went down in the second quarter and Dominique Davis came in with a 13-0 lead. Davis played mediocre, fumbling twice as the Boston College defense kept the game close until the final minutes of the game. Then with less than 4 minutes left Davis completed a long 3rd down to WR Rich Gunnell to put BC into scoring range. Following a pass to WR Brandon Robinson, Davis capped the drive with a short run for the winning score. His first victory as a starter came on November 28, 2008. The 28-21 victory over the Maryland Terrapins clinched BC's spot in the 2008 ACC Championship Game.
Fort Scott Community College.
Davis was suspended for academic reasons in June 2009 and decided to transfer. On July 26 he announced his decision to transfer to Fort Scott Community College, where his plan was to play for one season before transferring back to a Division I program. He chose to transfer to East Carolina University and enrolled in May 2010.
Davis helped lead Fort Scott Community College to its first Jayhawk Conference championship since 1974, defeating Butler (Kansas) Community College in the final game of the regular season. Butler had won the previous eight Jayhawk Conference championships. It was the first time FSCC had beaten Butler since 1986.
Two weeks later, in a rematch, Davis' FSCC team defeated Butler, 13-12, to give the Greyhounds their first-ever Region VI Playoff championship. The Greyhounds were given the No. 1 ranking in the national poll and were matched up against No. 2 Blinn College (Texas) for the National Junior College Athletic Association national championship in the Citizens Bank Bowl on the campus of Pittsburg State University. Blinn rallied from a 26-10 deficit in the second half to win the game 31-26 on an 84-yard punt return with 15 seconds remaining. Fort Scott's 11-1 final record was still its best since going undefeated (11-0) to win the 1970 national championship.
East Carolina University.
Davis transferred to East Carolina University for the 2010 season. In his first start with the Pirates, Davis completed 27 of 46 passes for 383 yards with 5 touchdowns and 1 interception. He also rushed for 29 yards with 1 TD. With five seconds remaining in regulation, Davis threw a 33 yard Hail Mary pass to Justin Jones in a 51-49 win over Tulsa.
Davis went on to pass for 3,967 yard and account for the third most touchdown passes (37) by a quarterback in the Football Bowl Subdivision and led the Pirates to a 6-7 record and a berth in the 2010 Military Bowl, losing 51-20.
For the 2011 season Davis was named to the Manning Award, Maxwell Award, and Davey O'Brien Award watch lists. On October 22, 2011 the East Carolina quarterback did not throw an incomplete pass in the first half of the Pirates 38-35 victory over the Navy Midshipmen. This gave Davis the NCAA record for most consecutive completions in one game held by Tee Martin of Tennessee in 1998. Combining the 10 consecutive completions from the ECU's previous game against Memphis, his 36 consecutive passes over two games eclipsed the previous overall consecutive completion record of 26 held by Aaron Rodgers of Cal in 2004. This performance led Dominique to be selected by ESPN analysts as one of four finalists in the AT&T All-America Player of the Week for week 6 of the 2011 season.
Professional career.
Atlanta Falcons.
Davis signed a deal with the Atlanta Falcons after going undrafted and reunited with his former teammate, Matt Ryan. Davis was named the third-string quarterback position, behind Ryan and Luke McCown.
Personal.
His brother Desmond Clark played tight end for the Chicago Bears until he was released in September 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20386286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386286" title="Constantin Atanasescu">
Constantin Atanasescu

Constantin Atanasescu (born 1885) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He retired in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="20386290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386290" title="Vasile Atanasiu">
Vasile Atanasiu

Vasile Atanasiu (April 25, 1886 in Târgovişte, Romania – June 6, 1964 in Bucharest, Romania) was a Romanian general.
He graduated from the "Military School of Artillery, Combat Engineering and Navy officers" in 1907, with the rank of sub-lieutenant, being promoted lieutenant in 1910, captain in 1915 and major in 1917 during World War I. After the war he attended the Şcoala Superioară de Război (Military Academy), at present Carol I National Defence University, graduating in 1920 when he was advanced to the rank of lieutenant colonel.
After reaching the rank of colonel in 1928, and of Brigadier General in 1935, Vasile Atanasiu was advanced to Divisional General in 1940, before the beginning of World War II and to Lieutenant General in 1942.
He served as Commander of the 2nd Army Corps in 1941, and moved to the 3d Army Corps which he commanded from June 22, 1941 to March 20, 1943. In this capacity he led the Corps in the military actions for the liberation of Bessarabia in the battle for the beachhead of Albiţa on the Prut River, and then in the advance to the Dniester at Tiraspol. He was then in command of the corps on the front line from Karpovo to Dalnik during the battle for Odessa.
In 1943 he was appointed Inspector-General of Artillery position which he held from March 20, 1943 to February 12, 1945. He then took command of the 1st Army, taking part in the battles on the Czechoslovakian front in the Javorina, between the rivers Hron and Morava and thereafter in Bohemia. Atansiu retired in 1948.
He was awarded the Romanian Order of Michael the Brave, the Czechoslovak Order of the White Lion, the Soviet Order of Suvorov and the Soviet Medal "For the Victory over Germany in the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945"
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20386292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386292" title="Jim Barone">
Jim Barone

James L. 'Jim' Barone was a Democratic member of the Kansas Senate, representing the 13th District.
Barone was one of two Democratic Senators to get campaign contributions from the Koch brothers. He was accused of sexual harassment of young interns and multiple abuses of power, removed from positions of leadership by his minority caucus, and defeated in the 2008 primary.

</doc>
<doc id="20386297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386297" title="Kimchaek Municipal Stadium">
Kimchaek Municipal Stadium

Kimchaek Municipal Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Kimchaek, North Korea. It is currently used mostly for football matches and hosts the home matches of Kimchaek F.C.. The stadium holds 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20386298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386298" title="Gheorghe Avramescu">
Gheorghe Avramescu

Gheorghe Avramescu (26 January 1888 - 3 March 1945) was a Romanian Lieutenant General during World War II. He served as General Officer Commanding of a number of army units: the 10th Division in 1941, the Mountain Corps later that year, the III Corps in 1943, and the VI Corps and 4th Army from 1944 to 1945. In 1945, he was arrested by the Soviets as "pro-German."
Death.
On March 2, 1945, general Avramescu was convoked to the commander of 40th Soviet Army. After one hour, the Romanian delegation was announced that Avramescu and Russian general Filip Fedorovici Jmacenko left for command point of Ukrainian Front 2, as they were expected there by Marshall Malinovski. In fact, General Avramescu was arrested. Romanian 4th Army was placed in command of general Nicolae Dăscălescu, who struggle to find out from soviets about the general Avramescu. Soviet general Jmacenko advised him to find out about Avramescu at Minister of Defence or Romanian Major Stat.
On March 3, 1945 Adela, Avramescu's wife and Felicia, his daughter were arrested and sent to Siberia. His daughter committed suicide; Adela returned in Romania in 1956.
The Soviet authorities announced that Avramescu was killed in 3 March 1945 (the very same day of the arrest of his family), allegedly in an aerial attack over the car which transported him, and his body was buried in Budapest Soshalom cemetery. The car in which he was transported was touched by one single bullet, the one which "happened" to kill the general.
This case of strange death stays open for historical research; the de-secretisation of some military soviet archives may elucidate this death.
On October 23, 2000, his remains were brought back to Romania and were reburied with military honours in Military Cemetery of Cluj Napoca.

</doc>
<doc id="20386308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386308" title="Constantion Bădescu">
Constantion Bădescu

Constantion Badescu (1892-1962) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. He served as Commanding Officer, 1st Dorobanti Infantry Regiment in 1941, but was called into reserve the following year. He retired in 1943, but was recalled in 1944 and served as Commanding Office, 11th Brigade. In 1945, He first served as General Officer Commanding 11th Division, then Commanding Officer 11th Brigade, and finally General Officer Commanding 11th Division again. He retired in 1947.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20386313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386313" title="Gheorghe Bâgulescu">
Gheorghe Bâgulescu

Gheorghe Bagulescu (born 1886, died 1963) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II, writer and art collector. He served as Ambassador and Military Attaché to Tokyo from 1934 to 1939. From 1941 to 1943, he was Ambassador to Tokyo & Nanking-China and Military Attaché to Tokyo.
Biography.
After having fought in World War I in a Vânători de munte unit as a captain, he was decorated in 1918 with the "Order of Michael the Brave" 3rd class, together with 14 other soldiers of the same unit. 
He was appointed as military attache of Romania to the Japanese Empire (1935-1939) and ambassador of Romania to Japan, Manchukuo and China (1941-1943). In 1939, the Japanese Emperor awarded him the Order of the Sacred Treasure, 3rd class, after the publication of his book "Japanese Soul". 
After the war, he emigrated to southern France, and materially supported the Romanian National Committee and general Nicolae Rădescu.
In 1973, the Romanian Ministry of Culture acquired a valuable collection of Japanese and Chinese art from general Gheorghe Bâgulescu's estate for the Romanian National Art Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20386316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386316" title="Ştefan Balaban">
Ştefan Balaban

Ştefan Balaban (1890 – 1962) was a Romanian Brigadier General during World War II. He served as Chief of Staff 6th Corps Area in 1941, Commanding Officer Infantry 1st Fortress Division in 1942, and Commanding Officer 6th Brigade in 1943. In 1944, Balaban was the General Officer Commanding 6th Training Division, and he went into reserve in 1947. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20386320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386320" title="Grigore Balan">
Grigore Balan

Grigore Balan (born 1896, died 1944) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. He served as Commanding Officer 5th Mountain Group from 1941 to 1943, and in 1943 became General Officer Commanding 2nd Mountain Division. He was Deputy General Officer Commanding 2nd Mountain Division in 1943, Deputy Commanding Officer 1st Mountain Division in 1944, and was killed in action later that year. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20386329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386329" title="Radu Băldescu">
Radu Băldescu

Radu Baldescu (born 1888, died 1953) was a Romanian Lieutenant-General during World War II. He began his military career in 1936 as Commanding Officer 93rd Infantry Regiment. In 1937, he became Commandant Sibiu Officers School. In 1940, he first became Commanding Officer 16th Brigade and then Deputy General Officer Commanding 18th Division. He was Deputy General Officer Commanding 18th Division in 1941 and General Officer Commanding 18th Division in 1942. Baldescu went into reserve in 1944, but later that year became Deputy General Officer Commanding 6th Corps Area. In 1945, he started as General Officer Commanding 5th Corps Area and then became General Officer Commanding VI Corps. Baldescu went into reserve again from 1946 to 1947, and retired in 1947. In 1951, he was arrested.

</doc>
<doc id="20386340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386340" title="Robin Long">
Robin Long

Robin Long is one of several U.S. Army deserters who sought asylum in Canada because of his opposition to the Iraq war and became the first of those to be deported to the United States after being rejected for refugee status. He was deported from Canada on July 15, 2008.
In July 2008, the "Toronto Star" quoted Bob Ages, chair of the Vancouver-based War Resisters Support Campaign who said that since the time of slavery, Canada has been known as a place of asylum, and Long's removal marks the first time an army deserter has been deported from Canada to the United States The "Globe and Mail" also reported this quote from Ages:
Long's background.
At the time he voluntarily enlisted in July 2003, Long believed that his country was justified in going to war in Iraq, his lawyer Shepherd Moss said at the court hearing to halt the deportation of July 2008. Long intended to train as a tank commander. "He wanted to go to defend his country", his lawyer stated.
Long trained for two years at Fort Knox in Kentucky. His perspective changed while in training at the Army base at Fort Knox. After hearing that weapons of mass destruction had not been found in Iraq, Long thought the U.S. had no reason for being at war. Also, in 2004 he was troubled by evidence of abuse of Iraqi detainees that came out in May 2004, according to his lawyer, Shepherd Moss, in July 2008
Long concluded the abuse was systemic and condoned by the U.S. administration, Moss said. After some soul-searching, Long decided he would not go to Iraq and would not participate or be complicit in what he believed were war crimes, the lawyer said.
Long reportedly decided that he didn't want to go to Iraq after talking to people who had been there: ""These people came back and were telling these horrific stories and our superiors were egging people on, some people were actually volunteering to go over there and it just seemed like justified homicide"", he said in the interview. ""It didn't sit right in my stomach. I morally couldn't do it."" Long was ordered in March 2005 to report to Iraq for service. In 2005, he left his military base in Colorado Springs, and came to Toronto.
In Canada from 2005 to July 15, 2008.
Long sought to be accepted as a refugee in September, 2006. His application for refugee status was denied on February 15, 2007. An application for leave to appeal the decision was turned down. Long moved to British Columbia in the summer of 2007. While there Long said he perfected his organic gardening skills and converted his Volkswagen to run on recycled cooking oil. 
In 2007, he failed to comply with bail conditions imposed when he missed an immigration hearing.
The events of July 14 and 15, 2008.
In a final attempt to stay in Canada, Long applied on July 14, 2008 for a stay of the removal order in order to allow him further judicial appeals.
Long's case was heard on July 14, 2008, in front of Madam Justice Anne Mactavish of the Federal Court of Canada. Long was not in court for the hearing. He was in custody at a location outside Vancouver.
Judge Mactavish stated that Long did not provide evidence to show he would be singled out for harsh treatment by the U.S. military because of the publicity associated with case. However, a month later, on August 22, 2008, in Long's court martial trial in the United States,
""Prosecutors called no witnesses to disparage Long's character. Instead, they showed a six-minute video of Long, sporting dreadlocks and a beard, telling a Canadian news reporter "I think I was lied to by my president.""
The fact that this aggravating evidence was accepted as admissible at the court martial for the charge of desertion was later the subject of much attention (see "aggravation" below) in Canada at the hearing of another war resister: On September 22, 2008, after the Federal Court hearing of Jeremy Hinzman, the Toronto Star reported the following:""Jeremy Hinzman's lawyer Alyssa Manning told judge Richard Mosley that new evidence suggests outspoken critics of the 2003 American-led invasion of Iraq face harsher treatment than other deserters. For example, she said, deserter Robin Long was sentenced to 15 months in prison last month after prosecutors made mention of a media interview he had given in Canada before he was deported in July ... The issue of “differential” treatment for those who have spoken out against the U.S.-led invasion appeared to trouble Judge Mosley.""
"“I don't know how it is an aggravating feature or element to be introduced in sentencing”, the judge said. ... “Based on the evidence and submissions before me, I am satisfied that the applicants (Jeremy Hinzman and family) would suffer irreparable harm if a stay were not granted pending determination of their leave application,” Mosley said in his three-page endorsement.""
Long was removed from Canada on July 15, 2008."Madam Justice Anne Mactavish of the Federal Court of Canada cleared the way for the deportation..."
In the U.S. beginning July 15, 2008.
He was court-martialed at Fort Carson, Colorado in August 2008. At the trial, Long pled guilty to desertion and was given a sentence of 15 months in prison, reduction in rank to E-1 private, and a dishonorable discharge.
Robin Long was represented by James M. Branum (of Pine Ridge, Oklahoma), William Durland (of Colorado Springs, Colorado) and Captain Seth Cohen (of the U.S. Army Trial Defense Service). Long's principal sentencing arguments focused on the morality of civil disobedience and Long's rehabilitative potential, while the government's sole case in aggravation was a video interview that the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation did with Long.
Long served the remainder of his sentence at the Miramar Consolidated Naval Brig near San Diego, California. 
On November 6, 2008, Long authored an open letter to then President-elect Barack Obama which included the following words:"I feel I made the right decision by refusing and am more than willing to sit in the brig for my ideals. But I worry about the effect this has on my family. I ask you to please consider granting me presidential clemency or a pardon. I have given this to many different organizations and people to ensure that you receive a copy."
On March 15, 2009, two members of the Parliament of Canada visited Long in prison. They were Olivia Chow (New Democratic Party), and Borys Wrzesnewskyj (Liberal Party of Canada).
On July 9, 2009, Robin Long was released from prison. 
On August 12, 2009, the Boise Weekly published this statement:
"In addition to his incarceration, Long was stripped of his rank and given a dishonorable discharge. His discharge remains on appeal. As he tours the country speaking out in opposition to the war, Robin Long remains in the Army, getting military medical benefits, though he is no longer being paid.
He argues that his desertion was not dishonorable and that the unfavorable discharge status--a felony--affects his ability to return to his family in Canada and his ability to get work in the United States.
In Long's open letter to Obama, he asked for a better discharge status: "I have given this to many different organizations and people to ensure that you receive a copy."
He has not heard back but continues the appeal. His wife is unable to move to the United States because she receives full medical benefits for her MS in Canada and would not be able to get treatment here, his lawyer, Branum said."
As of August 2010, Long lives in San Francisco and survives on odd jobs in gardening and carpentry to pay for a college program to become a massage therapist.
Continued activism.
After his incarceration, Long toured the U.S. speaking out in opposition to the Iraq war. In October 2009, he was sponsored on a trip to Israel and Palestine to speak to army resisters there and meet with high-school students. As of August 2010, Long has been sharing his experience on college campuses.

</doc>
<doc id="20386357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386357" title="Reichsbund der Deutschen Beamten">
Reichsbund der Deutschen Beamten

The Reichsbund der Deutschen Beamten (RDB), meaning "Reich Federation of German Civil Servants", also known as NS-Beamtenbund (National Socialist Civil Servants Federation), was the trade union for German State Officials during the Third Reich. The RDB was established as an organization affiliated to the Nazi party in October 1933. Its leader was Herman Neef. Neef had been previously leading the RDB's predecessor organisation, Deutscher Beamtenbund German Civil Service Federation, which had been founded in December 1918.
Although it was not compulsory for RDB members to be Nazi party members, most of them chose to be. In addition to the training and development of its members, the RDB ensured that German Civil Servants toed the line of the Nazi Party.
Following Nazi Germany's defeat in World War II, the American Military Government issued a special law outlawing the Nazi party and all of its branches. Known as "Law number five", this denazification decree disbanded the National Socialist Civil Servants Federation, like all other organizations linked to the Nazi Party. In the postwar years, it was reestablished as the German Civil Service Federation in the Federal Republic of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20386369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386369" title="Greenville Force">
Greenville Force

The Greenville Force was a professional indoor football team in the Southern Indoor Football League. The team was based in Greenville, South Carolina, with home games played at the BI-LO Center. The Force was the first arena/indoor football team based in Greenville since the af2's Carolina Rhinos folded following the 2002 season. A team called the Greenville Riverhawks (relocated from Knoxville) was set to join the National Indoor Football League for the 2004 season, but never actually played a game in Greenville, and the following year became the AIFL/A's charter team, the Johnstown Riverhawks.
In their inaugural season, the Force were called the South Carolina Force and played in the American Indoor Football Association.
After the Force canceled its last game of the 2010 season without an explanation, the SIFL dropped the Force for the 2011 season. The league still plans to field a team in the Greenville market in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="20386390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386390" title="Waltz Again">
Waltz Again

Waltz Again is an album by David Murray released on the Justin Time label. Recorded in 2002 and released in 2005 the album features performances by Murray, Lafayette Gilchrist, Jaribu Shahid, and Hamid Drake along with a 10 person string section.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Alex Henderson awarded the album 4 stars stating ""Waltz Again" has its share of avant-garde appeal, but some parts of this 63-minute CD are peaceful, tranquil, and downright comforting -- even lush on occasion. And lush is certainly doable when you have ten string players on hand. There are many worthwhile albums in Murray's sizable catalog, and "Waltz Again" is likely to go down in history as one of his strongest recordings of the 2000s".

</doc>
<doc id="20386392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386392" title="Trick (Kumi Koda album)">
Trick (Kumi Koda album)

Trick is the seventh studio album released by J-Urban singer Koda Kumi. It was released on January 28, 2009, available in CD and CD+2DVD format. The CD contains ten previously unreleased songs as well as the CD singles Moon Crying, That Ain't Cool, Taboo, and Stay with Me. The first DVD contains the music videos for "Moon Crying", "That Ain't Cool", "Taboo", "Stay with Me", "Show Girl", and "Just the Way You Are". The second DVD contains concert footage from "Dirty Ballroom: One Night Only," recorded on October 23, 2008.
Music videos.
The video of "Show Girl" was released in early January 2009. It has a Moulin Rouge theme.
The video of "Just the Way You Are" was released the same week as "Trick" and was filmed in Nasu Highland Park in the Tochigi Prefecture on the island of Honshu.
Charts.
Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)
Charting information.
"Trick" debuted at #1 on Oricon's Daily Chart with over 100,000 units sold in its first day. By the end of its first week, "Trick" sold over 253,000 copies, placing it at #1 on Oricon's Weekly Chart, being her third album to reach the top spot . However, this is Koda's lowest first week sales for a studio album since her 2005 album "Secret".

</doc>
<doc id="20386394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386394" title="Ştefan Bardan">
Ştefan Bardan

Stefan Bardan (born 1892) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He served as Commanding Officer 11th Regiment in 1941, and later that year became Commandant Infantry Instruction Center. In 1943 he became Chief of Staff 4th Army, and later General Officer Commanding 5th Division. He was made Vice Chief General Staff, went into reserve in 1945, and retired in 1947.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20386404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386404" title="Emanoil Bârzotescu">
Emanoil Bârzotescu

Emanoil Bârzotescu (born 1888, died 1968) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He served as General Officer Commanding 1st Division from 1940 to 1942, and retired in 1942. In 1945, he was first recalled, then put into reserve, and finally served as General Officer Commanding 6th Corps Area. He was put in reserve again in 1946, re-retired in 1947, and was arrested in 1950. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20386407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386407" title="Alexandru Batcu">
Alexandru Batcu

Alexandru Batcu (1892–1964) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. From 1941 to 1943, he served as Commanding Officer 28th Fortress Regiment. He was then a Prefect of Dubasari in 1943. In 1944, he began as a Prefect of Tiraspol, then became a General Officer Commanding 5th Division, and finally a General Officer Commanding 5th Training Division. He was 
Assistant Commandant of Bucharest in 1944, Commandant of Bucharest in 1945, and retired in 1946. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20386411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386411" title="Alexandru Beldiceanu">
Alexandru Beldiceanu

Alexandru Beldiceanu (1892 – 1982) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. He was Head Adjutant Section General Staff in 1941, Commanding Officer Infantry Guards Division in 1942, and became Deputy general Officer Commanding 1st Armored Division later that year. In 1943, he was General Officer Commanding 101st Mountain Command, and in 1944 he was General Officer Commanding 1st Mountain Division. Beldiceanu retired in 1947. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20386415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386415" title="Ioan Bengliu">
Ioan Bengliu

Ioan Bengliu (born 1881 - died 1940) was a Romanian Lieutenant-General. From 1938 to 1940, he was Inspector-General of the Romanian Gendarmerie. After retiring, he was arrested by the Antonescu-Sima government, imprisoned at the Jilava prison and subsequently killed in the 1940 Jilava massacre prison.

</doc>
<doc id="20386419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386419" title="Ion Boiţeanu">
Ion Boiţeanu

Young Leadership Program emerged out of a societal concern that our children are our real investments into the future. Founded by behavioural scientists and teachers, the program excels in its ability to transform a child’s personality as also improve his or her ability to assimilate knowledge and utilize the same successfully.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20386422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386422" title="Constantin Brătescu">
Constantin Brătescu

Constantin Brătescu (March 8, 1892 - April 13, 1971) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. In 1941, he served first as Chief Propaganda Section General Staff (Romania's Propaganda Minister) and then as a Romanian liaison officer to the German Military Mission, meaning that he served as a German military officer during Operation Barbarossa and the Axis Invasion of the Soviet Union. Starting in 1942 Brătescu was a Romanian General Officer (at the rank of Major-General) and commanded the 1st Cavalry Division throughout the campaign against the Soviets, fighting in such engagements as Operation Barbarossa, Operation Blue, and the Battle of Stalingrad. Following the surrender of Friedrich Paulus' 6th Army at the Battle of Stalingrad, Brătescu became a prisoner of war and was held captive from 1943 to 1948. Finally, in 1948, he was released after five years of imprisonment and subsequently retired from active service. Bratescu ultimately died twenty-three years later, in 1971, at the age of seventy-nine.

</doc>
<doc id="20386425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386425" title="Ştefan Burileanu">
Ştefan Burileanu

Stefan Burileanu (born 1875, died 1951) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. In 1915 he designed and built a 57mm antiaircraft cannon which he named "Burileanu" that was widely used by the Romanian army in the First World War.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20386434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386434" title="Ricky Wells">
Ricky Wells

Ricky Wells (born 27 July 1991 in Auckland, New Zealand), is an American international motorcycle speedway rider who was the 2009 US National Champion. He is also a two time U.S. Under 21 National Champion.
US National Championship.
On 19 September 2009 Ricky won the US national Championship, winning all of his heat races and the main event. Doing so beat out Mike Bast's record of being the youngest rider to ever win that event. He was victorious over former US and World Champions like, Billy Janniro, Bobby Schwartz, Charlie Venegas, Chris Manchester, Mike Faria and Josh Larsen.
World U21.
Wells made his first appearance in the World Under 21 Championships in 2008 by winning the 2007 U.S. Under 21 National Championship. He scored 9 points in Qualifying Round 1 held in Norden, Germany which qualified him to move onto Semi-Final Round 1 held in Rye House. Only scoring 6 points which did not qualify him to move onto The Final Round.
Wells came home and won the 2008 U.S. Under 21 National Championship also which placed him in the 2009 World Under 21 Championships. Scoring 9, and beating off Pawel Zmarzlik and Kozza Smith in a race-off, in Qualifying Round 3 held in Rye House moved him into Semi-Final 2 held in Kumla. In Kumla, Ricky scored 5 and again was in a race-off situation, in which he beat Justin Sedgman and Patrik Pawlaszczyk to securing a reserve spot in the Final held in Goričan. Through the injury off Przemyslaw Pawlicki, Wells was awarded a place in the main line-up of the Final, where he scored 2 points, finishing in 16th place, ahead of Ludvig Lindgren.
British speedway.
Wells rode for Elite League Coventry Bees in 2009 and for the Stoke Potters in the Premier League in 2010 on loan from Coventry. In 2011 he rode for the Elite Shield-winning Wolverhampton Wolves team in the Elite League and Plymouth Devils in the Premier. He has remained with Wolves since, while riding for Sheffield Tigers in the Premier League since 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20386435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386435" title="39th Street (Kansas City)">
39th Street (Kansas City)

39th Street is a major west/east main street that runs in Kansas City, Missouri from State Line Road to Topping Avenue. It was originally named Rosedale Avenue as it led to the town of Rosedale. It connects Westport and Kansas City, Kansas. The University of Kansas Hospital is at the starting point and the ending point is in the Leeds Industrial District.
39th Street West.
It serves the neighborhood and businesses located along 39th Street from State Line Road to Southwest Trafficway.
39th Street West attractions are the 39th Street ArtWalk, Roselawn, Thomas Hart Benton Home & Studio Museum, Roanoke Park, and the Westport-Roanoke Community Center.
39th Street serves as the main artery of the Volker Neighborhood, as well as the southern boundary of the Roanoke Neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="20386441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386441" title="Alpart">
Alpart

Alumina Partners of Jamaica, also known as Alpart, is a company that owns and operates a bauxite refinery in Nain, Jamaica. Alpart was founded in 1969 as a joint venture by Kaiser Aluminum, Reynolds Aluminum, and Anaconda. Alpart exports 1.65 million tonnes of alumina overseas per year, and earned gross revenues of US$1.3 billion in 2007. As of 2011, previous partner Hydro divested its 35% stake to Rusal which assumed 100% stake in Alpart, wholly owned by RusAl the refinery has paused operations due to the company's alumina product experiencing a drastic 60 per cent price reversal since July 2008 with the temporary shutdown allowing the plant to be prepared for future developments that may see the industry emerging from the economic downturns it has faced.

</doc>
<doc id="20386444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386444" title="Gaza Strippers">
Gaza Strippers

Gaza Strippers were an American garage punk band from Chicago formed by Rick Sims, who had previously played guitar with The Supersuckers and The Didjits. The group released its debut on Man's Ruin Records in 1999, and followed with a Lookout! Records full-length the following year. The group's final full-length was issued in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20386463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386463" title="Thin film solar cell">
Thin film solar cell

A thin-film solar cell (TFSC), also called a thin-film photovoltaic cell (TFPV), is a solar cell that is made by depositing one or more thin layers (thin film) of photovoltaic material on a substrate. The thickness range of such a layer is wide and varies from a few nanometers to tens of micrometers.
Many different photovoltaic materials are deposited with various deposition methods on a variety of substrates. Thin-film solar cells are usually categorized according to the photovoltaic material used:
History.
Initially appearing as small strips powering hand-held calculators, thin-film PV is now available in very large modules used in sophisticated building-integrated installations and vehicle charging systems. GBI Research, a private company selling reports it calls "global business intelligence", projects thin film production to grow 24% from 2009 levels and to reach 22,214 MW in 2020. "Expectations are that in the long-term, thin-film solar PV technology would surpass dominating conventional solar PV technology, thus enabling the long sought-after grid parity objective."
Thin-film silicon.
A silicon thin-film cell uses amorphous (a-Si or a-Si:H), protocrystalline, nanocrystalline (nc-Si or nc-Si:H) or black silicon. Thin-film silicon is opposed to "wafer" (or "bulk") silicon (monocrystalline or polycrystalline).
Design and fabrication.
The silicon is mainly deposited by chemical vapor deposition, typically plasma-enhanced (PE-CVD), from silane gas and hydrogen gas. Other deposition techniques being investigated include sputtering and hot wire techniques.
The silicon is deposited on glass, plastic or metal which has been coated with a layer of transparent conducting oxide (TCO).
A p-i-n structure is usually used, as opposed to an n-i-p structure. This is because the mobility of electrons in a-Si:H is roughly 1 or 2 orders of magnitude larger than that of holes, and thus the collection rate of electrons moving from the n- to p-type contact is better than holes moving from p- to n-type contact. Therefore, the p-type layer should be placed at the top where the light intensity is stronger, so that the majority of the charge carriers crossing the junction would be electrons.
Micromorphous silicon.
Micromorphous silicon module technology combines two different types of silicon, amorphous and microcrystalline, in a top and a bottom photovoltaic cell. These two materials are chosen because their different absorption spectrums and easily combined process. Because the two different materials are both Si, they can be manufactured in the same technology, which now is PECVD. The band gap of a-Si is 1.7 eV and that of c-Si is 1.1 eV, which eventually broaden the spectral acceptance of the micromorph tandem solar cell. The c-Si layer can help to absorb the energy of red and infrared spectrum and increase the overall efficiency. The best efficiency can be achieved at transition between a-Si and c-Si. Use of protocrystalline silicon for the intrinsic layer has shown to optimize the open-circuit voltage of an a-Si photovoltaic cell.
Efficiency.
These types of silicon present dangling and twisted bonds, which results in deep defects (energy levels in the bandgap) as well as deformation of the valence and conduction bands (band tails). The solar cells made from these materials tend to have lower energy conversion efficiency than bulk silicon (also called crystalline or wafer silicon), but are also less expensive to produce. The quantum efficiency of thin-film solar cells is also lower due to reduced number of collected charge carriers per incident photon.
Amorphous silicon has a higher bandgap (1.7 eV) than crystalline silicon (c-Si, 1.1 eV), which means it absorbs the visible part of the solar spectrum more strongly than the infrared portion of the spectrum. As nc-Si has about the same bandgap as c-Si, the nc-Si and a-Si can advantageously be combined in thin layers, creating a layered cell called a "tandem cell". The top cell in a-Si absorbs the visible light and leaves the infrared part of the spectrum for the bottom cell in nc-Si.
Recently, solutions to overcome the limitations of thin-film silicon have been developed. Light trapping schemes where the incoming light is obliquely coupled into the silicon and the light traverses the film several times enhance the absorption of sunlight in the films. Thermal processing techniques enhance the crystallinity of the silicon and pacify electronic defects.
Building integrated photovoltaics.
Thin film solar panels are commercially available for installation onto the roofs of buildings, either applied onto the finished roof, or integrated into the roof covering. The advantage over traditional PV panels is that they are very low in weight, are not subject to wind lifting, and can be walked on (with care). The comparable disadvantages are increased cost and reduced efficiency.
A silicon thin film technology is being developed for building integrated photovoltaics (BIPV) in the form of semitransparent solar cells which can be applied as window glazing. These cells function as window tinting while generating electricity.
Organic solar cells.
An organic solar cell would use a photovoltaic polymer compound to produce electricity. Current research devices show low efficiency and stability. If an organic solar cell of usable efficiency can be developed, it may reduce the cost of PV installations.
Efficiencies, volumes and prices.
Since the invention of the first modern silicon solar cell in 1954, incremental improvements have resulted in modules capable of converting 12 to 18 percent of solar radiation into electricity. The performance and potential of thin-film materials are high, reaching cell efficiencies of 12–20%; prototype module efficiencies of 7–13%; and production modules in the range of 9%. Future module efficiencies are expected to climb close to the state-of-the-art of today's best cells, or to about 10–16%.
Annual manufacturing volume in the United States has grown from about 12 megawatts (MW) per year in 2003 to more than 20 MW/yr in 2004; 40–50 MW/yr production levels were expected in 2005 with continued rapid growth in the years after that.
Costs are expected to drop to below $100/m2 in volume production, and could reach even lower levels—well under $50/m2, the DOE/NREL goal for thin films—when fully optimized. At these levels, thin-film modules will cost less than fifty cents per watt to manufacture, opening new markets such as cost-effective distributed power and utility production to thin-film electricity generation.
As crystalline silicon price rose, the production cost of crystalline silicon-based solar cell module in 2008 was at some point 4–5 times higher than that of thin film modules. Thin-film producers still enjoy in 2009 price advantage as its production cost is 20% less than that of silicon modules. It is expected that the production cost of thin-film will continue dropping (40% less than silicon), as Chinese producers are now putting more resources into R&D and partnering with manufacturing equipment suppliers.
Production, cost and market.
In recent years, the manufacturers of thin-film solar modules have brought costs down and gained competitive strength through advanced thin film technology. However, the traditional crystalline silicon technologies will not give up their market positions for a few years because they still hold considerable development potential in terms of the cost. Efficiency of thin film solar is considerably lower and thin film solar manufacturing equipment suppliers intend to score costs of below USD 1/W, and Anwell Technologies Limited claimed that they intend to bring it down further to USD 0.5/W. In July 2013 the price of Thin film a-Si dropped to €0.38/Wp, about USD 0.502493. Those equipment suppliers have been doing R&D for micro-morphous silicon modules since 2008. This technology represents a development based on the thin-film panels made of ordinary amorphous silicon marketed at present that brings higher cell efficiency by depositing an additional absorber layer made of micro crystalline silicon on the amorphous layer. Some equipment suppliers even claim that there will be machinery in market to manufacture these new modules at $0.70. With such potential of further development of thin film solar technology, the European Photovoltaic Industry Association (EPIA) expects that manufacturing capacities for these technologies will double to over 4GW by 2010 representing a market share of around 20%. In 2011, GE announced plans to spend $600 million on a new CdTe solar cell plant and enter this market.
Potential thin film manufacturers faced severe price competition from Chinese refiners of silicon and manufacturers of conventional solar panels. As of January, 2013 one of the consequences was that some firms developing thin film technology together with their patents have been sold to Chinese firms below cost.
Installations.
First Solar, the CdTe thin-film manufacturer stated that "at the end of 2007, over 300 MW of First Solar PV modules had been installed worldwide." Below is a list of several recent installations:
Denver-based Conergy Americas and officials at California's South San Joaquin Irrigation District (SSJID) have installed what is believed to be the world's first single-axis solar tracking system featuring thin-film photovoltaic cells.
Time Award.
Thin-film photovoltaic cells are included in the TIME's Best Inventions of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20386522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386522" title="Enkeleid Dobi">
Enkeleid Dobi

Club career.
Dobi played as forward for NK Varteks in the Croatian First League. He played for Zagłębie Lubin and Górnik Zabrze in the Polish Ekstraklasa during 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20386538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386538" title="Pony Club (band)">
Pony Club (band)

Pony Club are a Dublin-based Irish band, primarily a vehicle for Mark Cullen. Other members include his brothers, Darren and Jason, as well as Martin Healy and David Morrissey, both formerly of A House, and Rob Cumiskey of The Kybosh.
History.
Bawl and Fixed Stars.
Cullen and his brothers moved from Finglas, Dublin to London in the 1990s after having signed to A&M under their then moniker, Bawl (which also featured Stephen McBride on bass).
Bawl had released a series of singles on their own label, Dependent Records, and in 1996 released an album, "Year Zero" on A&M. This attracted critical attention and some “the new Smiths” hype (the Cullens cited their mother singing Some Girls Are Bigger Than Others at the kitchen sink as an influence) but disappointing sales. For legal reasons, the band had to change its name to Fixed Stars and signed on with Mercury. They released several singles as Fixed Stars, but broke up in 2000, having been dropped before releasing their album.
Ian Broudie of the Lightning Seeds had produced some of the Fixed Stars singles, and Mark Cullen continued to work with Broudie, writing songs for the Lightning Seeds album "Tilt", and contributing with Broudie to the soundtrack of Purely Belter. Cullen and Broudie continue to collaborate on "songs for other people", and Cullen has written for Kylie Minogue.
Pony Club.
After the post-Fixed Stars transition period, Cullen then signed as a solo artist, under the name Pony Club, to Setanta Records, natural home for many Irish indie acts. As Pony Club, Cullen works with a variety of musicians, still including his brothers, and, recently, Martin Healy and David Morrissey, of Setanta labelmates A House (John Carrol, A House's manager, had also managed Bawl) and Rob Cumiskey of Dublin band, The Kybosh.
So far, Pony Club have released three albums, the first two on Setanta. "Home Truths" (Allmusic review: 3.5/5 [ link]) was named album of the year for 2002 by Dan Cairns of the Sunday Times, and resulted in Cullen being offered a support slot on Morrissey's American tour. For financial reasons, the band were unable to take up this offer, but they did get to support him at his concert at London's Royal Albert Hall that year. The second is "Family Business" (Allmusic review: 4/5 [ link]) from 2004.
Following the demise of Setanta, the third Pony Club album, "Post Romantic", was released in November 2008 by Hum records.
Cullen has been called one of Ireland's top songwriters of the last decade. He receives particular attention from critics for the quality of his lyrics, which are often compared to those of Jarvis Cocker for their power of observation and acerbity, as well as tributes for his songwriting from artists such as Morrissey and Terry Hall.
The London band New Young Pony Club called themselves "New Young" to distinguish themselves from Pony Club. In response, Cullen has joked that he is happy to be known as the Old Decrepit Pony Club if needs must.

</doc>
<doc id="20386565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386565" title="Volcanology of Mars">
Volcanology of Mars

Volcanic activity, or volcanism, has played a significant role in the geologic evolution of Mars. Scientists have known since the Mariner 9 mission in 1972 that volcanic features cover large portions of the Martian surface. These features include extensive lava flows, vast lava plains, and the largest known volcanoes in the Solar System. Martian volcanic features range in age from Noachian (>3.7 billion years) to late Amazonian (< 500 million years), indicating that the planet has been volcanically active throughout its history, and some speculate it probably still is so today. Both Earth and Mars are large, differentiated planets built from similar chondritic materials. Many of the same magmatic processes that occur on Earth also occurred on Mars, and both planets are similar enough compositionally that the same names can be applied to their igneous rocks and minerals.
Volcanism is a process in which magma from a planet’s interior rises through the crust and erupts on the surface. The erupted materials consist of molten rock (lava), hot fragmental debris (tephra or ash), and gases. Volcanism is a principal way that planets release their internal heat. Volcanic eruptions produce distinctive landforms, rock types, and terrains that provide a window on the chemical composition, thermal state, and history of a planet's interior.
Magma is a complex, high-temperature mixture of molten silicates, suspended crystals, and dissolved gases. Magma on Mars likely ascends in a similar manner to that on Earth. It rises through the lower crust in diapiric bodies that are less dense than the surrounding material. As the magma rises, it eventually reaches regions of lower density. When the magma density matches that of the host rock, buoyancy is neutralized and the magma body stalls. At this point, it may form a magma chamber and spread out laterally into a network of dikes and sills. Subsequently, the magma may cool and solidify to form intrusive igneous bodies (plutons). Geologists estimate that about 80% of the magma generated on Earth stalls in the crust and never reaches the surface.
As magma rises and cools, it undergoes many complex and dynamic compositional changes. Heavier minerals may crystallize and settle to the bottom of the magma chamber. The magma may also assimilate portions of host rock or mix with other batches of magma. These processes alter the composition of the remaining melt, so that any magma reaching the surface may be chemically quite different from its parent melt. Magmas that have been so altered are said to be "evolved" to distinguish them from "primitive" magmas that more closely resemble the composition of their mantle source. (See igneous differentiation and fractional crystallization.) More highly evolved magmas are usually felsic, that is enriched in silica, volatiles, and other light elements compared to iron- and magnesium-rich (mafic) primitive magmas. The degree and extent to which magmas evolve over time is an indication of a planet's level of internal heat and tectonic activity. The Earth's continental crust is made up of evolved granitic rocks that developed through many episodes of magmatic reprocessing. Evolved igneous rocks are much less common on cold, dead bodies such as the Moon. Mars, being intermediate in size between the Earth and the Moon, is thought to be intermediate is its level of magmatic activity.
At shallower depths in the crust, the lithostatic pressure on the magma body decreases. The reduced pressure can cause gases (volatiles), such as carbon dioxide and water vapor, to exsolve from the melt into a froth of gas bubbles. The nucleation of bubbles causes a rapid expansion and cooling of the surrounding melt, producing glassy shards that may erupt explosively as tephra (also called pyroclastics). Fine-grained tephra is commonly referred to as volcanic ash. Whether a volcano erupts explosively or effusively as fluid lava depends on the composition of the melt. Felsic magmas of andesitic and rhyolitic composition tend to erupt explosively. They are very viscous (thick and sticky) and rich in dissolved gases. Mafic magmas, on the other hand, are low in volatiles and commonly erupt effusively as basaltic lava flows. However, these are only generalizations. For example, magma that comes into sudden contact with groundwater or surface water may erupt violently in steam explosions called hydromagmatic (phreatomagmatic or phreatic) eruptions. Also, erupting magmas may behave differently on planets with different interior compositions, atmospheres, and gravity fields.
Differences in volcanic styles between Earth and Mars.
The most common form of volcanism on the Earth is basaltic. Basalts are extrusive igneous rocks derived from the partial melting of the upper mantle. They are rich in iron and magnesium (mafic) minerals and commonly dark gray in color. The principal type of volcanism on Mars is almost certainly basaltic too. On Earth, basaltic magmas commonly erupt as highly fluid flows, which either emerge directly from vents or form by the coalescence of molten clots at the base of fire fountains (Hawaiian eruption). These styles are also common on Mars, but the lower gravity and atmospheric pressure on Mars allow nucleation of gas bubbles (see above) to occur more readily and at greater depths than on Earth. As a consequence, Martian basaltic volcanoes are also capable of erupting large quantities of ash in Plinian-style eruptions. In a Plinian eruption, hot ash is incorporated into the atmosphere, forming a huge convective column (cloud). If insufficient atmosphere is incorporated, the column may collapse to form pyroclastic flows. Plinian eruptions are rare in basaltic volcanoes on Earth where such eruptions are most commonly associated with silica-rich andesitic or rhyolitic magmas (e.g., Mount St. Helens).
Because the lower gravity of Mars generates less buoyancy forces on magma rising through the crust, the magma chambers that feed volcanoes on Mars are thought to be deeper and much larger than those on Earth. If a magma body on Mars is to reach close enough to the surface to erupt before solidifying, it must be big. Consequently, eruptions on Mars are less frequent than on Earth, but are of enormous scale and eruptive rate when they do occur. Somewhat paradoxically, the lower gravity of Mars also allows for longer and more widespread lava flows. Lava eruptions on Mars may be unimaginably huge. A vast lava flow the size of the state of Oregon has recently been described in western Elysium Planitia. The flow is believed to have been emplaced turbulently over the span of several weeks and thought to be one of the youngest lava flows on Mars.
The tectonic settings of volcanoes on Earth and Mars are very different. Most active volcanoes on Earth occur in long, linear chains along plate boundaries, either in zones where the lithosphere is spreading apart (divergent boundaries) or being subducted back into the mantle (convergent boundaries). Because Mars currently lacks plate tectonics, volcanoes there do not show the same global pattern as on Earth. Martian volcanoes are more analogous to terrestrial mid-plate volcanoes, such as those in the Hawaiian Islands, which are thought to have formed over a stationary mantle plume. (See hot spot.)
The largest and most conspicuous volcanoes on Mars occur in Tharsis and Elysium regions. These volcanoes are strikingly similar to shield volcanoes on Earth. Both have shallow-sloping flanks and summit calderas. The main difference between Martian shield volcanoes and those on Earth is in size: Martian shield volcanoes are truly colossal. For example, the tallest volcano on Mars, Olympus Mons, is 550 km across and 21 km high. It is nearly 100 times greater in volume than Mauna Loa in Hawaii, the largest shield volcano on Earth. Geologists think one of the reasons that volcanoes on Mars are able to grow so large is because Mars lacks plate tectonics. The Martian lithosphere does not slide over the upper mantle (asthenosphere) as on Earth, so lava from a stationary hot spot is able to accumulate at one location on the surface for a billion years or longer.
On October 17, 2012, the Curiosity rover on the planet Mars at "Rocknest" performed the first X-ray diffraction analysis of Martian soil. The results from the rover's CheMin analyzer revealed the presence of several minerals, including feldspar, pyroxenes and olivine, and suggested that the Martian soil in the sample was similar to the "weathered basaltic soils" of Hawaiian volcanoes.
Tharsis volcanic province.
The western hemisphere of Mars is dominated by a massive volcano-tectonic complex known as the Tharsis region or the Tharsis bulge. This immense, elevated structure is thousands of kilometers in diameter and covers up to 25% of the planet’s surface. Averaging 7–10 km above datum (Martian “sea” level), Tharsis contains the highest elevations on the planet. Three enormous volcanoes, Ascraeus Mons, Pavonis Mons, and Arsia Mons (collectively known as the Tharsis Montes), sit aligned northeast–southwest along the crest of the bulge. The vast Alba Mons (formerly Alba Patera) occupies the northern part of the region. The huge shield volcano Olympus Mons lies off the main bulge, at the western edge of the province.
Built up by countless generations of lava flows and ash, the Tharsis bulge contains some of the youngest lava flows on Mars, but the bulge itself is believed to be very ancient. Geologic evidence indicates that most of the mass of Tharsis was in place by the end of the Noachian Period, about 3.7 billion years ago (Gya). Tharsis is so massive that it has placed tremendous stresses on the planet’s lithosphere, generating immense extensional fractures (grabens and rift valleys) that extend halfway around the planet. The mass of Tharsis may have even altered the orientation of Mars' rotational axis, causing climate changes.
Tharsis Montes.
The three Tharsis Montes are shield volcanoes centered near the equator at longitude 247°E. All are several hundred kilometers in diameter and range in height from 14 to 18 km. Arsia Mons, the southernmost of the group, has a large summit caldera that is 130 km across and 1.3 km deep. Pavonis Mons, the middle volcano, has two nested calderas with the smaller one being almost 5 km deep. Ascraeus Mons in the north, has a complex set of internested calderas and a long history of eruption that is believed to span most of Mars' history.
The three Tharsis Montes are about 700 km apart. They show a distinctive northeast–southwest alignment that has been the source of some interest. Ceraunius Tholus and Uranius Mons follow the same trend to the northeast, and aprons of young lava flows on the flanks of all three Tharsis Montes are aligned in the same northeast–southwest orientation. This line clearly marks a major structural feature in the Martian crust, but its origin is uncertain.
Tholi and Paterae.
In addition to the large shield volcanoes, Tharsis contains a number of smaller volcanoes called tholi and paterae. The tholi are dome-shaped edifices with flanks that are much steeper than the larger Tharsis shields. Their central calderas are also quite large in proportion to their base diameters. The density of impact craters on many of the tholi indicate they are older than the large shields, having formed between late Noachian and early Hesperian times. Ceraunius Tholus and Uranius Tholus have densely channeled flanks, suggesting that the flank surfaces are made up of easily erodible material, such as ash. The age and morphology of the tholi provide strong evidence that the tholi represent the summits of old shield volcanoes that have been largely buried by great thicknesses of younger lava flows. By one estimate the Tharsis tholi may be buried by up to 4 km of lava.
Patera (pl. paterae) is Latin for a shallow drinking bowl. The term was applied to certain ill-defined, scalloped-edged craters that appeared in early spacecraft images to be large volcanic calderas. The smaller paterae in Tharsis appear to be morphologically similar to the tholi, except for having larger calderas. Like the tholi, the Tharsis paterae probably represent the tops of larger, now buried shield volcanoes. Historically, the term patera has been used to describe the entire edifice of certain volcanoes on Mars (e.g., Alba Patera). In 2007, the International Astronomical Union (IAU) redefined the terms Alba Patera, Uranius Patera, and Ulysses Patera to refer only to the central calderas of these volcanoes.
Olympus Mons.
Olympus Mons is the youngest and tallest large volcano on Mars. It is located 1200 km northwest of the Tharsis Montes, just off the western edge of the Tharsis bulge. Its summit is 21 km above datum (Mars "sea" level) and has a central caldera complex consisting of six nested calderas that together form a depression 72 x 91 km wide and 3.2 km deep. As a shield volcano, it has an extremely low profile with shallow slopes averaging between 4-5 degrees. The volcano was built up by many thousands of individual flows of highly fluid lava. An irregular escarpment, in places up to 8 km tall, lies at the base of the volcano, forming a kind of pedestal on which the volcano sits. At various locations around the volcano, immense lava flows can be seen extending into the adjacent plains, burying the escarpment. In medium resolution images (100 m/pixel), the surface of the volcano has a fine radial texture due to the innumerable flows and leveed lava channels that line its flanks.
Alba Mons (Alba Patera).
Alba Mons, located in the northern Tharsis region, is a unique volcanic structure, with no counterpart on Earth or elsewhere on Mars. The flanks of the volcano have extremely low slopes characterized by extensive lava flows and channels. The average flank slope on Alba Mons is only about 0.5°, over five times lower than the slopes on the other Tharsis volcanoes. The volcano has a central edifice 350 km wide and 1.5 km high with a double caldera complex at the summit. Surrounding the central edifice is an incomplete ring of fractures. Flows related to the volcano can be traced as far north as 61°N and as far south as 26°N. If one counts these widespread flow fields, the volcano stretches an immense 2000 km north–south and 3000 km east–west, making it one of the most areally extensive volcanic features in the Solar System. Most geological models suggest that Alba Mons is composed of highly fluid basaltic lava flows, but some researchers have identified possible pyroclastic deposits on the volcano's flanks. 
Because Alba Mons lies antipodal to the Hellas impact basin, some researchers have conjectured that the volcano’s formation may have been related to crustal weakening from the Hellas impact, which produced strong seismic waves that focused on the opposite side of the planet.
Elysium volcanic province.
A smaller volcanic center lies several thousand kilometers west of Tharsis in Elysium. The Elysium volcanic complex is about 2,000 kilometers in diameter and consists of three main volcanoes, Elysium Mons, Hecates Tholus, and Albor Tholus. The northwestern edge of the province is characterized by large channels (Granicus and Tinjar Valles) that emerge from several grabens on the flanks of Elysium Mons. The grabens may have formed from subsurface dikes. The dikes may have fractured the cryosphere, releasing large volumes of ground water to form the channels. Associated with the channels are widespread sedimentary deposits that may have formed from mudflows or lahars. The Elysium group of volcanoes is thought to be somewhat different from the Tharsis Montes, in that development of the former involved both lavas and pyroclastics.
Elysium Mons is the largest volcanic edifice in the province. It is 375 km across (depending on how one defines the base) and 14 km high. It has single, simple caldera at its summit that measures 14 km wide and 100 m deep. The volcano is distinctly conical in profile, leading some to call it a stratocone; however, given the predominantly low slopes, it is probably a shield. Elysium Mons is only about one-fifth the volume of Arsia Mons.
Hecates Tholus is 180 km across and 4.8 km high. The slopes of the volcano are heavily dissected with channels, suggesting that the volcano is composed of easily erodible material such as volcanic ash. The origin of the channels is unknown; they have been atrributed to lava, ash flows, or even water from snow or rainfall. Albor Tholus, the southernmost of the Elysium volcanoes, is 150 km in diameter and 4.1 km high. Its slopes are smoother and less heavily cratered than the slopes of the other Elysium volcanoes.
Syrtis Major.
Syrtis Major Planum is a vast Hesperian-aged shield volcano located within the albedo feature bearing the same name. The volcano is 1200 km in diameter but only 2 km high. It has two calderas, Meroe Patera and Nili Patera. Studies involving the regional gravity field suggest a solidified magma chamber at least 5 km thick lies under the surface. Syrtis Major is of interest to geologists because dacite and granite have been detected there from orbiting spacecraft. Dacites and granites are silica-rich rocks that crystallize from a magma that is more chemically evolved and differentiated than basalt. They may form at the top of a magma chamber after the heavy minerals, such as olivine and pyroxene (those containing iron and magnesium), have settled to the bottom. Dacites and granites are very common on Earth but rare on Mars.
Arabia Terra.
Arabia Terra is a large upland region in the north of Mars that lies mostly in the Arabia quadrangle. Several irregularly shaped craters found within the region represent a type of highland volcanic construct which, all together, represent a martian igneous province. Low-relief paterae within the region possess a range of geomorphic features, including structural collapse, effusive volcanism and explosive eruptions, that are similar to terrestrial supervolcanoes. The enigmatic highland ridged plains in the region may have been formed, in part, by the related flow of lavas.
Highland Paterae.
In the southern hemisphere, particularly around the Hellas impact basin, are several flat-lying volcanic structures called highland paterae These volcanoes are some of the oldest identifiable volcanic edifices on Mars. They are characterized by having extremely low profiles with highly eroded ridges and channels that radiate outward from a degraded, central caldera complex. They include Hadriaca Patera, Amphritrites Patera, Tyrrhena Patera, Peneus Patera, and Pityusa Patera. Geomorphologic evidence suggests that the highland patera were produced through a combination of lava flows and pyroclastics from the interaction of magma with water. Some researchers speculate that the location of the highland paterae around Hellas is due to deep-seated fractures caused by the impact that provided conduits for magma to rise to the surface. Although they are not very high, some paterae cover large areas—Amphritrites Patera, for example, covers a larger area than Olympus Mons.
In the large upland region in the north of Mars, within Arabia Terra, are low-relief paterae similar in geomorphic features to terrestrial supervolcanoes.
Volcanic plains.
Volcanic plains are widespead on Mars. Two types of plains are commonly recognized: those where lava flow features are common, and those where flow features are generally absent but a volcanic origin is inferred by other characteristics. Plains with abundant lava flow features occur in and around the large volcanic provinces of Tharsis and Elysium. Flow features include both sheet flow and tube- and channel-fed flow morphologies. Sheet flows show complex, overlapping flow lobes and may extend for many hundreds of kilometers from their source areas. Lava flows can form a lava tube when the exposed upper layers of lava cool and solidify to form a roof while the lava underneath continues flowing. Often, when all the remaining lava leaves the tube, the roof collapses to make a channel or line of pit craters (catena).
An unusual type of flow feature occurs in the Cerberus plains south of Elysium and in Amazonis. These flows have a broken platey texture, consisting of dark, kilometer-scale slabs embedded in a light-toned matrix. They have been attributed to rafted slabs of solidified lava floating on a still-molten subsurface. Others have claimed the broken slabs represent pack ice that froze over a sea that pooled in the area after massive releases of groundwater from the Cerberus Fossae area.
The second type of volcanic plains (ridged plains) are characterized by abundant wrinkle ridges. Volcanic flow features are rare or absent. The ridged plains are believed to be regions of extensive flood basalts, by analogy with the lunar maria. Ridged plains make up about 30% of the Martian surface and are most prominent in Lunae, Hesperia, and Malea Plana, as well as throughout much of the northern lowlands. Ridged plains are all Hesperian in age and represent a style of volcanism globally predominant during that time period. The Hesperian Period is named after the ridged plains in Hesperia Planum.
Potential current volcanism.
Scientists have never recorded an active volcano eruption on the surface of Mars; moreover, searches for thermal signatures and surface changes within the last decade have not yielded any positive evidence for active volcanism.
However, the European Space Agency's Mars Express orbiter photographed lava flows interpreted in 2004 to have occurred within the past two million years, suggesting a relatively recent geologic activity. An updated study in 2011 estimated that the youngest lava flows occurred in the last few tens of millions of years. The authors consider this age makes it possible that Mars is not yet volcanically extinct.
Volcanoes and ice.
Large amounts of water ice are believed to be present in the Martian subsurface. The interaction of ice with molten rock can produce distinct landforms. On Earth, when hot volcanic material comes into contact with surface ice, large amounts of liquid water and mud may form that flow catastrophically down slope as massive debris flows (lahars). Some channels in Martian volcanic areas, such as Hrad Valles near Elysium Mons, may have been similarly carved or modified by lahars. Lava flowing over water-saturated ground can cause the water to erupt violently in an explosion of steam (see phreatic eruption), producing small volcano-like landforms called pseudocraters, or rootless cones. Features that resemble terrestrial rootless cones occur in Elysium, Amazonis, and Isidis and Chryse Planitiae. Also, phreatomagmatism produce tuff rings or tuff cones on Earth and existence of similar landforms on Mars is expected too. Their existence was suggested from Nepenthes/Amenthes region.Finally, when a volcano erupts under an ice sheet, it can form a distinct, mesa-like landform called a tuya or table mountain. Some researchers cite geomorphic evidence that many of the layered interior deposits in Valles Marineris may be the Martian equivalent of tuyas.
Tectonic boundaries.
Tectonic boundaries have been discovered on Mars. Valles Marineris is a horizontally sliding tectonic boundary that divides two major partial or complete plates of Mars. The recent finding suggests that Mars is geologically active with occurrences in the millions of years, and there is additional speculation.
There has been previous evidence of Mars' geologic activity. The Mars Global Surveyor (MGS) discovered magnetic stripes in the crust of Mars, especially in the Phaethontis and Eridania quadrangles. The magnetometer on MGS discovered 100 km wide stripes of magnetized crust running roughly parallel for up to 2000 km. These stripes alternate in polarity with the north magnetic pole of one pointing up from the surface and the north magnetic pole of the next pointing down. When similar stripes were discovered on Earth in the 1960s, they were taken as evidence of plate tectonics. However, there are some differences, between the magnetic stripes on Earth and those on Mars. The Martian stripes are wider, much more strongly magnetized, and do not appear to spread out from a middle crustal spreading zone.
Because the area with the magnetic stripes is about 4 billion years old, it is believed that the global magnetic field probably lasted for only the first few hundred million years of Mars' life. At that time the temperature of the molten iron in the planet's core might have been high enough to mix it into a magnetic dynamo. Younger rock does not show any stripes.
When molten rock containing magnetic material, such as hematite (Fe2O3), cools and solidifies in the presence of a magnetic field, it becomes magnetized and takes on the polarity of the background field. This magnetism is lost only if the rock is subsequently heated above the Curie temperature, which is 770 °C for pure iron, but lower for oxides such as hematite (approximately 650 °C) or magnetite (approximately 580 °C). The magnetism left in rocks is a record of the magnetic field when the rock solidified.
Mars' volcanic features can be likened to Earth's geologic hotspots. Pavonis Mons is the middle of three volcanoes (collectively known as Tharsis Montes) on the Tharsis bulge near the equator of the planet Mars. The other Tharsis volcanoes are Ascraeus Mons and Arsia Mons. The three Tharsis Montes, together with some smaller volcanoes to the north, form a straight line. This arrangement suggests that they were formed by a crustal plate moving over a hot spot. Such an arrangement exists in the Earth's Pacific Ocean as the Hawaiian Islands. The Hawaiian Islands are in a straight line, with the youngest in the south and the oldest in the north. So geologists believe the plate is moving while a stationary plume of hot magma rises and punches through the crust to produce volcanic mountains. However, the largest volcano on the planet, Olympus Mons, is thought to have formed when the plates were not moving. Olympus Mons may have formed just after the plate motion stopped. The mare-like plains on Mars are roughly 3 to 3.5 billion years old. The giant shield volcanoes are younger, formed between 1 and 2 billion years ago. Olympus Mons may be "as young as 200 million years."
Norman H. Sleep, professor of geophysics at Stanford University, described how the three volcanoes that form a line along the Tharsis Ridge may be extinct island arc volcanoes like the Japanese Island chain.

</doc>
<doc id="20386575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386575" title="Edward Chalmers Leavitt">
Edward Chalmers Leavitt

Edward Chalmers Leavitt (1842–1904), a native of Providence, Rhode Island, was an early New England painter said to be the most renowned still life painter of his day in Providence, although today he is largely forgotten.
Leavitt was born March 9, 1842, the son of Providence pastor Rev. Jonathan Leavitt and his wife Charlotte Esther (Stearns) Leavitt. Leavitt's father Rev. Jonathan Leavitt, was born at Cornish, New Hampshire, and later settled in the ministry at Bedford, Massachusetts, where he married the daughter of the primary minister Rev. Stearns, and subsequently was ordained minister of Richmond Street Congregational Church in Providence, where he remained for a quarter of a century. Rev. Leavitt's son Edward Chalmers Leavitt, born in Providence, attended private schools in Providence, and Kimball Union Academy in Meriden, New Hampshire. (His only sister Charlotte married Edward Slocum of Providence.)
At the outbreak of the American Civil War, Leavitt enlisted at Boston in the United States Navy with his friend William Warren Flint of Walpole, New Hampshire. During his Navy service, Leavitt frequently practiced his drawing technique.
Little is known of Leavitt's career. Most of his paintings featured tabletop arrangements of flowers, fruit, antiques and vintage bric-a-brac, and were sought after by the Victorian middle class. The oil on canvas paintings often were marked by their sense of texture. During the 1870s and 1880s Leavitt frequently exhibited at the National Academy of Design. But as the new century approached, Leavitt's output and quality declined, and his reputation faded.
There are indications that during his career, Leavitt worked with the gifted Martin Heade. Leavitt was known to have studied earlier with local artist James Morgan Lewin, a painter of romantic canvases. During his career, Leavitt painted thousands of canvases, turning out his trademark paintings of flowers, fruit and dead fish and game for a hungry middle class anxious for artworks to decorate their newly acquired homes. At one time, Leavitt's still lifes decorated Boston's esteemed Parker House hotel as well as the Narragansett Hotel in Providence. Leavitt worked at his studio at the Hoppin Homestead Building in Providence.
Among the artists of the day, Leavitt was seen as a solid—if uninspired—craftsman. Painter Charles Walter Stetson, for instance, didn't disguise his contempt for Leavitt's steady output for the upper middle classes, which Stetson saw as influenced by the Fall River school. "Artists! they are not artists," wrote Stetson in a fit of pique. "Leavitt himself said to me 'After all, Mr. Stetson, say what we may, we are only dry goods merchants in another line."
Leavitt's work is in the collection of the Brandywine River Museum, which has called him "Providence, Rhode Island's most successful still life painter of the nineteenth century." Leavitt's work is also in the collection of the Cahoon Museum of American Art in Cotuit, Massachusetts, and in the collection of the Cummer Museum of Art In Jacksonville, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20386578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386578" title="Alois Weber">
Alois Weber

Alois Weber (30 November 1915 – 19 January 2003) was a Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant), in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Weber was awarded the German Cross in Gold, in April 1943 which was followed by the award of the Knight's Cross on the 30 July 1943, while serving as a Hauptscharführer (Sergeant Major) and platoon commander with the 1st Company, SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "Deutschland", 2nd SS Panzer Division "Das Reich".

</doc>
<doc id="20386582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386582" title="Maryland Route 908">
Maryland Route 908

Maryland Route 908 (MD 908) is a collection of unsigned state highways in the U.S. state of Maryland. These five highways parallel and provide access These five highways are service roads that parallel and provide access to U.S. Route 50 and US 301 along their western approach to the Chesapeake Bay Bridge; the highways also provide access to Sandy Point State Park. The The first modern highway from Cape St. Claire to Skidmore was constructed in the late 1920s and replaced by the modern alignment of US 50 in the late 1940s. The frontage roads on either side of the U.S. Highway were constructed in the early 1950s. The mainline segments of MD 908 assumed their present form when US 50 and US 301 were upgraded to a freeway in the early 1990s.
Route description.
There are three mainline segments of MD 908 and two additional segments of the highway at Skidmore.
Eastbound frontage.
MD 908A begins at the state highway begins as the Exit 29A ramp from eastbound US 50 and US 301 (Blue Star Memorial Highway). The highway heads east as Buschs Frontage Road, which gains a westbound lane and closely parallels the eastbound direction of US 50-301. After passing an on-ramp to the freeway, the state highway veers around a loop ramp from MD 179's interchange with the U.S. Highways and reaches its eastern terminus at MD 179 (St. Margarets Road). The roadway continues on the east side of the intersection as MD 908C. That highway heads east as Whitehall Road, which passes around another loop of the interchange and briefly parallels the freeway before temporarily moving away for an interchange with the eastbound direction of the freeway. MD 908C returns to paralleling the freeway and reaches the county-maintained north–south segment of Whitehall Road. The north leg of the intersection is a right-in/right-out interchange with eastbound US 50 and US 301. MD 908C continues east as Skidmore Drive, which veers around the U.S. Highways' interchange with MD 908D (Oceanic Drive), intersecting Holly Beach Farm Road, which is MD 931Y. The state highway meets the southern end of MD 908D (Oceanic Drive), just east of which the highway reaches its eastern terminus. The roadway continues east as Old Ferry Slip Road.
Westbound frontage.
MD 908B begins in Cape St. Claire where East College Parkway makes a 90-degree turn east to closely parallel the westbound lanes of US 50 and US 301; the north–south segment of East College Parkway is unsigned MD 931R. MD 908B closely parallels the freeway until the highway approaches MD 908D (Oceanic Drive). After passing a ramp to westbound US 50 and US 301, MD 908B reaches its eastern terminus at the northern end of MD 908D (Oceanic Drive). The roadway continues east as South Beach Road, the entrance to Sandy Point State Park.
History.
The corridor today used by US 50, US 301, and MD 908 was originally constructed as an eastward extension of MD 179 from St. Margarets to Skidmore in 1928. Between 1942 and 1944, a ferry terminal was constructed at Sandy Point as the new western end of the Annapolis–Matapeake ferry. A highway was constructed from MD 2 east to the new terminal along the alignment of the modern US 50 freeway. This highway, which was designated a westward extension of MD 404 by 1946, replaced the portion of MD 179 east of what is now MD 908B's western terminus. MD 404 was expanded to a four-lane divided highway in 1948 and 1949. US 50 replaced MD 404 when the U.S. Highway was extended east from Annapolis to Ocean City in 1949 in anticipation of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge, which opened in 1952.
Between 1952 and 1954, of service roads were constructed parallel to US 50. These service roads included MD 908A from its western terminus to where the highway veers away from US 50 and US 301 at the west end of the MD 179 interchange; MD 908C from where that highway veers away from the U.S. Highways at the east end of the MD 179 interchange to Holly Beach Farm Road; MD 908B between Log Inn Road and Bay Head Road; and MD 908B from the right-angle turn at MD 931R east to Stacey Lane. It is not clear when these frontage roads received the MD 908 designation. MD 908D was constructed when the U.S. Highways' interchange with Oceanic Drive was built in 1974. The gap in MD 908B was filled by 1978. US 50 and US 301 were reconstructed as a freeway from MD 2 to the Chesapeake Bay Bridge in 1991, including a new interchange with MD 179. The four segments of MD 908 assumed their present courses as part of that project. MD 908E was assigned near the Chesapeake Bay Bridge toll plaza in 2009.
Junction lists.
All sections of MD 908 are entirely within Anne Arundel County.

</doc>
<doc id="20386610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386610" title="Jitsuroku Chushingura">
Jitsuroku Chushingura


</doc>
<doc id="20386669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386669" title="Jim Pangan">
Jim Pangan

Jim Pangan (Born September 2, 1983) is a Filipino singer, songwriter. The lead vocalist of Check, band based in the Philippines, In a country where talented bands are born almost everyday, Check struggled like the rest who started in the underground arena, where unsigned bands are huddled together in their quest to be heard. They’ve experienced those grueling hours of waiting to perform but it will be just them and the other last bands as the crowd themselves, the unpaid gigs that they attend to just because they love doing it and those hours of contemplating if they will ever be able to make it big.
Lucky for Check, they scored Angee Rozul to produce their album, have Joel Ellorin as manager; same guy behind Kjwan, and have a record deal with Sony BMG.
ALBUM
Launched under Sony BMG, It has 10 soul-flying tracks with outstanding music and rhythm plus the inspiring lyrics that the band kept for some years. Although the band somehow change the momentum of their sound and became more mature with their lyrics, they still remain with what they’d started. The melodic voice and electrifying beat is still recognized in the whole album.
The first single “Kaiisip” in which you will surely love. It is about an admiration to a person who completes your day even in a simple way. Most of the tracks mainly has "love" theme: to partner, career and God. Distinguished lines that will definitely trigger your mind with what’s happening in your life. T
he first track, “Good times”. This track was written to all who needs to take life as a good time and take it easy. A line that is good to hear, ”Lilipas din ang lahat ng ito, pagtapos malalaman mo na…Good times.”
July 2008 Check launches self-titled debut album under Sony BMG it received positive response from fans and critics alike.
Discography
"Check" the album
Personal life.
finished the degree of Information Management in 2006 at Asia Pacific College Makati, City.

</doc>
<doc id="20386683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386683" title="Horace Mann Middle School">
Horace Mann Middle School

Horace Mann Middle School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20386693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386693" title="1915 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1915 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1915 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1915-1916. The Buckeyes compiled a 5–1–1 record outscoring opponents 105-39.

</doc>
<doc id="20386709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386709" title="Silla (opera)">
Silla (opera)

Silla (full title "Lucio Cornelio Silla", HWV 10) is an opera seria (referred to as a "dramma per musica") in three acts by George Frideric Handel. The Italian-language libretto was by Giacomo Rossi. The story concerns the Roman general Lucius Cornelius Sulla (138–78 BC) as recounted by Plutarch.
The opera appears to have been a "pièce d'occasion", which may have been performed only once. The music was recycled in Handel's later opera "Amadigi di Gaula".
Performance history.
The first performance might have been on 2 June 1713. A dedication from the librettist, Rossi, to the French ambassador, the Duc d'Aumont, appears with that date in a printed copy of the libretto. Anthony Hicks believes there may have been a private performance at the , London. However according to the Amadeus Almanac, the performance took place at Burlington House.
Recordings.
Handel: "Silla" – London Handel Orchestra

</doc>
<doc id="20386727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386727" title="1914 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1914 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1914 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1914-1915. The Buckeyes compiled a 5–2 record and outscored opponents 108-55.

</doc>
<doc id="20386753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386753" title="Bacillary peliosis">
Bacillary peliosis

Bacillary peliosis is a form of peliosis hepatis that has been associated with bacteria in the genus "Bartonella".

</doc>
<doc id="20386761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386761" title="1913 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1913 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1913 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1913-1914. The Buckeyes compiled a 4–2–1 record and outscored opponents 154-27.

</doc>
<doc id="20386776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386776" title="Reynaldo Anzaldua Jr.">
Reynaldo Anzaldua Jr.

Reynaldo Anzaldua Jr. is an American author, college professor and organic farmer. He co-authored "Computer Forensics: Principles and Practices" and "Computer Forensics for Dummies". He currently works in the Washington DC area. He owns an organic farm in Weslaco, Texas.
References.
Cortez, Lisa. Experts: Deleted Computer Data can be retrieved, KRGV, November 28, 2007,
Winchester, Martin. STC Prof part of computer forensics textbook team, The Monitor (Festiva Section), January 26, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20386799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386799" title="Windsor and Annapolis Railway">
Windsor and Annapolis Railway

The Windsor and Annapolis Railway (W&AR) was a historic Canadian railway that operated in Nova Scotia's Annapolis Valley.
The railway ran from Windsor to Annapolis Royal and leased connections to Nova Scotia's capital of Halifax. The W&AR played a major role in developing Nova Scotia's agriculture and tourism industries, operating from 1869 until 1894 when it evolved into the larger Dominion Atlantic Railway. 
The W&AR was formed by British railway investors and Nova Scotian railway promoters in 1864. The company's operations centre was in Kentville, although corporate headquarters remained in London, United Kingdom. The Windsor and Annapolis negotiated running rights over the government-owned "Windsor Branch" of the Nova Scotia Railway to connect Windsor to the city and harbour of Halifax. Vernon Smith, an experienced railway manager and engineer from Britain was the engineer in charge of construction and became the first general manager.
Construction began in 1866 with locomotives landed for work crews at Windsor, Wolfville, Nova Scotia and Kentville. The line began operation between Kentville and Annapolis Royal on June 26, 1869 while work continued on the line's two large bridges east of Kentville over the large estuaries of the Avon River at Windsor and the Gaspereau River at Hortonville. An official opening was celebrated on August 18, 1869 with dignitaries including Lord Lisgar the Governor General of Canada arriving by rail from Halifax, although shuttled over the uncompleted bridge works by stage coach. The devastating Saxby Gale on October 5, 1869 destroyed much of the newly built line between Hortonville and Wolfville which required hasty rebuilding. Despite these challenges, the railway opened for full operation on December 18, 1869 when the Avon and Gaspereau Bridges were complete and first train ran across the entire line from Halifax to Annapolis Royal. 
The railway struggled at first with inexperienced staff, limited equipment and especially with extensive and ongoing repairs required on the sections of the line along the Minas Basin damaged by the Saxby Gale. However passenger traffic quickly blossomed, helped by early tourism promotion of steamship connections to the emerging New England tourism market. Freight traffic began more slowly but an explosion in apple shipments in the early 1880s ensured the prosperity of the line.
The railway was built at first to the Canadian broad gauge of . It converted to the standard gauge of in 1875. The W&AR bought out the thriving branchline, the Cornwallis Valley Railway in 1890 which ran from Kentville to Kingsport through rich apple districts.
Merger and renaming.
A formidable rival to the W&AR was the Western Counties Railway (WCR), based in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, which used political allies to threaten the exclusive W&AR access to the critical "Windsor Branch" connection into Halifax. However, the W&AR was able to buy out the WCR in 1894 to create the Dominion Atlantic Railway, thus providing a through line from Halifax to Yarmouth. The W&AR set the direction for the new united company which took over the W&AR headquarters in Kentville as well as the W&AR's "Land of Evangeline" identity.
The Windsor and Hantsport Railway continued to operate over portions of the old Windsor and Annapolis mainline.
A monument to the Vernon Smith and his work constructing of the Windsor and Annapolis Railway was installed beside the line at the waterfront park in Wolfville in 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="20386802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386802" title="Pi interaction">
Pi interaction

In chemistry, π-effects or π-interactions are a type of non-covalent interaction that involves π systems. Just like in an electrostatic interaction where a region of negative charge interacts with a positive charge, the electron-rich π system can interact with a metal (cationic or neutral), an anion, another molecule and even another π system. Non-covalent interactions involving π systems are pivotal to biological events such as protein-ligand recognition.
Types.
The most common types of π-interactions involve: 
Metal-π interactions.
Metal π interactions play a major role in organometallics. Linear and cyclic π systems bond to metals allowing organic complexes to bond to metals.
Linear systems.
Ethylene – π
In the most simple linear π systems, bonding to metals takes place by two interactions. Electron density is donated directly to the metal like a sigma bond would be formed. Also, the metal can donate electron density back to the linear π system (ethylene) from the metal’s d orbital to the empty π* orbital of ethylene.
Allyl – π
Allyl groups can bond to metals as trihapto or monohapto ligands. Monohapto ligands bind mostly sigma orbitals and trihapto ligands bind using delocalized π orbitals. In essence the monohapto ligand binds the metal as an allyl group and the trihapto ligand binds over all three carbons, where the lowest energy π orbital donates electron density and the highest energy π orbital accepts electron density. 
The allyl complex is diverse because it can alter the metal’s electron count by transferring between a monohapto (1 electron, η1) and trihapto ligand (3 electrons, η3). This fluctuation allows stability when a two-electron-donating group bonds or breaks from the metal.
Cyclic systems.
The specifics for binding of π cyclic systems are much more complex and depend on the electrons, the HOMO, and the LUMO in each individual case of molecules. Cyclic π systems can bind monohapto or polyhapto depending on the individual situation. This means that π bonds can bind individually to the metal or there can be a single bond from the center of a benzene or cyclopentadienyl complex. Of course the bonding modes (η1, η3, η5, etc.) determine the number of donated electrons (1, 3, 5, etc.). The diversity of these cyclic complexes allows for a seemingly endless number of metallic structures.
Catalysis.
The use of organometallic structures led by π – metal bonding plays an enormous role in the catalysis of organic reactions. The Stille reaction is a widely known and important reaction in organic synthesis. π interactions with the Pd catalyst in this reaction are almost necessary in pushing this reaction to completion (alkyl groups transfer is rather slow).
Other widely known reactions based on π – metal catalysis interactions are:
π metal interactions can also be involved directly with the function of ligands on the catalyst. Chemistry involving nickel catalysis of Suzuki reactions was greatly affected by pyrazoles and pyrazolates acting as coplanar ligand. The π interactions tied multiple pyrazoles and pyrazolates together around the nickel metal to cause reaction results.
Another π metal interaction directly involved with catalysis involves π stacking. Ferrocene is the standard example where the metal (iron) is trapped in between two cyclopentadienyl ligands. These interactions are commonly referred to as sandwich compounds.
Specific research
Due to reasons explained earlier in the article, the bonding between a nucleophilic olefin and an electrophilic Palladium(II) leaves olefin susceptible to nucleophilic attack. This is true if the olefin is coordinated around Pd as the corner of a square planar complex or as the side of a cationic 18-electron Pd complex. In both cases electron donating groups on the olefin stabilize the complex, but anionic electron donors actually destabilized the complex in the case of the 18-electron Pd complex. The authors of this research proposed that when the olefin π bond is aligned on the side of the square planar Pd complex, the π* backfilling of electron density from Pd to olefin is enhanced because the more electron withdrawing orbital of the π complex can overlap better with the electron donating orbital of Pd.
Anion π-interactions.
The first X-ray crystal structure that depicted anion-π interactions was reported in 2004. In addition to this being depicted in the solid state, there is also evidence that the interaction is present in solution.
π-effects in biological systems.
π-effects have an important contribution to biological systems since they provide a significant amount of binding enthalpy. Neurotransmitters produce most of their biological effect by binding to the active site of a protein receptor. Pioneering work of Dennis A. Dougherty is a proof that such kind of binding stabilization is the effect of cation-π interactions of the acetylcholine (Ach) neurotransmitter. The structure of acetylcholine esterase includes 14 highly conserved aromatic residues. The trimethyl ammonium group of Ach binds to the aromatic residue of tryptophan (Trp). The indole site provides a much more intense region of negative electrostatic potential than benzene and phenol residue of Phe and Tyr. S-Adenosyl methionine (SAM) can act as a catalyst for the transfer of methyl group from the sulfonium compound to nucleophile. The nucleophile can be any of a broad range structures including nucleic acids, proteins, sugars or C=C bond of lipids or steroids. The van der Waals contact between S-CH3 unit of SAM and the aromatic face of a Trp residue, in favorable alignment for catalysis assisted by cation-π interaction. 
A great deal of circumstantial evidence places aromatic residues in the active site of a number of proteins that interact with cations but the presence of cation-π interaction in biological system does not rule out the conventional ion-pair interaction. In fact there is a good evidence for the existence of both type of interaction in model system.

</doc>
<doc id="20386835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386835" title="Raiden (film)">
Raiden (film)


</doc>
<doc id="20386856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386856" title="Day Without Art">
Day Without Art

Origins.
Day Without Art (DWA) began on December 1, 1989 as the national day of action and mourning in response to the AIDS crisis. To make the public aware that AIDS can touch everyone, and inspire positive action, some 800 U.S. art and AIDS groups participated in the first Day Without Art, shutting down museums, sending staff to volunteer at AIDS services, or sponsoring special exhibitions of work about AIDS. Since then, Day With(out) Art has grown into a collaborative project in which an estimated 8,000 national and international museums, galleries, art centers, AIDS service organizations, libraries, high schools and colleges take part. 
In the past, "Visual AIDS" initiated public actions and programs, published an annual poster and copyright-free broadsides, and acted as press coordinator and clearing house for projects for Day Without Art/World AIDS Day. In 1997, it was suggested Day Without Art become a Day "With" Art, to recognize and promote increased programming of cultural events that draw attention to the continuing pandemic. Though "the name was retained as a metaphor for the chilling possibility of a future day without art or artists", we added parentheses to the program title, Day With(out) Art, to highlight the proactive programming of art projects by artists living with HIV/AIDS, and art about AIDS, that were taking place around the world. It had become clear that active interventions within the annual program were far more effective than actions to negate or reduce the programs of cultural centers.
Red ribbon.
In the spring of 1985, Thomas Sokolowski, then head of New York University’s Grey Art Gallery, was showing the work of a promising 29-year-old artist. A few months later, a mutual friend called to tell him the artist had died. “I asked, ‘of what?’” Sokolowski recounts. “Of AIDS”, his friend said. “While I was not unaware of the pandemic,” Sokolowski says, “it still was not the first thing you thought of at that time.” 
By 1985, 12,000 Americans were known to have AIDS and 7,000 died from it that year. 
"I remember it just sort of started from there", Sokolowski says. “There started to be articles in the paper about AIDS. I was living in the Village and, being a gay person and being involved in the art world, I’d read about this dancer or that singer dying of AIDS. And then, in 1989 and 1990, two of my dear friends died.”
Because gay men were the most affected by the disease and the arts communities of California and New York had many gay members, the art world was reeling from the loss of so many of its own. 
One night, at Sokolowski’s Manhattan apartment, a group of arts-community friends sat around a table for dinner and asked ‘what can we do?’ to bring AIDS into the general public’s consciousness. “We felt strongly that we had clout in the art world,” Sokolowski recalls.
The result of that dinner — and the monthly meetings that followed for years — was the 1989 formation of Visual AIDS, a group dedicated to using the arts to bring public attention to the AIDS crisis. The group would go on to found “Day Without Art.” And it would create perhaps the most universally recognizable symbol — the red ribbon — which stood for the clarity, unity, compassion, and determination that soon took over the fight against AIDS.
Visual AIDS's first nationwide effort was a December 1 “Day Without Art”, when some of the nation's museums shut their doors — symbolizing what would happen if AIDS wiped out the arts community — while others remained open but addressed the AIDS issue in other ways. The event, which would eventually foster World AIDS Day, received national media coverage, including calls to Sokolowski from network anchors Peter Jennings and Dan Rather. The next year, Visual AIDS came up with the idea of a “Night Without Light,” when 27 of New York City's major skyscrapers, bridges, and many of the theater district's marquees went dark. 
But the culmination of Visual AIDS's efforts was the creation of the little red ribbon on a gold safety pin. Sokolowski and his group managed to get presenters and awardees at the 1991 Tony Awards ceremony to wear them on national television throughout the evening. The ribbons quickly became a global symbol of the commitment to fight AIDS.
New Zealand.
The inaugural Day without Art exhibition held in New Zealand opened on 1 December 1995, at the Southland Museum and Art Gallery. Curated by Wayne P. Marriott, the installation was undertaken by Daniel McKnight, Vicky Byrne and Marriott. In 1996 the Southland Museum and Art Gallery was awarded a New Zealand AIDS Foundation media award for its work in promoting a better understanding of the impact of HIV/AIDS on the wider community. The museum continued to annually host a Day without Art exhibition until 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20386873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386873" title="National Black Antiwar Antidraft Union">
National Black Antiwar Antidraft Union

The National Black Antiwar Antidraft Union (NBAWADU) was founded in February 1968 by Gwen Patton to protest the Vietnam War and the draft. In order to do this, they allied themselves with two other prominent predominantly Black social movement organizations: the Black Panther Party and the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC).
History.
At their first conference to discuss the war, they passed a resolution that addressed the draft. At this conference they stated that it was necessary for the Black Movement in the United States that Black men not to leave for the draft or fight the war in Vietnam. They believed that the draft would lead to the total destruction of Blacks in the United States. 
The NBAWADU listed a few alternatives for the draft. The first was a mass organized, but not public, form of resistance. They ordered young Black men not to register when they turned eighteen years of age. They acknowledged that this was would be an illegal mass act, but they deemed it necessary for the survival of African Americans in the United States. Second, they called for Black lawyers in the United States to come to the defense of those who did not register, or they warned of consequences for these lawyers from the Black community. Third, they called for the members of local draft boards and Blacks surrounding them to cause such a disruption that they are unable to proceed with distributing drafts. Fourth, they called for Black males that were already registered to check in Series VIII on form 110 SS and the form certifying CO status. Fifth, they demanded that all information concerning counseling and legal facilities be accessible to Black high school and college students. Sixth, they called for an effort of Blacks to begin the ending of ROTC. And seventh, they called for African Americans to resist the war by yelling "Hell No, I Won't Go!" This was an overall effort to increase Black resistance to the Vietnam war and the draft.
In September 1969 in Chicago, fifteen members of NBAWADU temporarily disrupted draft calls by breaking into the Sixty-third Street Selective Service, and burning the 1-A, or draft eligible, files.

</doc>
<doc id="20386876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386876" title="Muslim (disambiguation)">
Muslim (disambiguation)

A Muslim is an adherent of Islam.
Muslim may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20386879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386879" title="Arman Zhetpisbayev">
Arman Zhetpisbayev

Arman Sharipbayuly Zhetpisbayev (]; ) is current mayor of Shymkent city, Kazakhstan.
Biography.
Arman Zhetpisbayev was born on 24 April 1971 in Kuybyshev village, Zhambyl District, Zhambyl Province, Kazakh SSR.
In 1993 has graduated faculty "Industrial and civil building" in Kazakh Chemical Technology Institute (now is The State University of South Kazakhstan named of M. Auezov), where he's got qualification as the civil engineer.
In 2002 has graduated the Kazakh Economic University named of Turar Ryskulov on speciality "The Finances and credit", where he's got qualification as the economist.
His labour way begun since 1992 as mason in a small enterprise of "Stroyinvest", in 1994–1998 years he worked in various commercial organisations: as director of firm «Mr. D & K», director of Kazakh-Korean joint venture "Shymkent-Telbone", director of research-&-production enterprise "Energotechservice", director of Open Company "Interservice", since 1998 - as vice-president of JSC «Autoservice and trade», as vice-president of JSC "Alaugaz", then as director of Open Company "Alautransgaz", since 1999 - as director of JSC "Yuzhgaz", as director of Open Company "Shymkentgaz".
Since July, 1999 till April, 2000 - deputy director of Shymkent branch of Open Society "Kazkommertsbank".
In 2002-2003 - director of Kyzylorda branch of Open Society "Kazkommertsbank", the first deputy of board chairman of JSC "Kazkommertsbank".
In 2003-2005 - chief executive of Open Society "ARNA Corporation", later as chairman of directors board of JSC "ARNA Corporation".
In 2005-2006 - director of state organization «Management of Special Economic Zone «Ontustik».
In 2006-2008 - akim assistant of South Kazakhstan Province
February, 2008 - 24th, April, 2012 - Akim of Shymkent city.

</doc>
<doc id="20386918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386918" title="Marcel Francisci">
Marcel Francisci

Marcel Francisci (1920 – 16 January 1982) was an alleged member of the Unione Corse who was accused of masterminding the French Connection drug network. As a young man, Francisci fought in World War II and was awarded the Croix de Guerre. Following the war, he developed a business empire that included casinos in Britain, France and Lebanon. Francisci served in the general council ("conseil général)" of the Corse-du-Sud (UDR) and was a member of the Civic Action Service (SAC), a Gaullist militia. He was assassinated in Paris in 1982. 
Biography.
Marcel Francisci was born in Corsica circa 1919 or 1920. As a young man, he fought with the Free French Forces in Italy during World War II and was awarded awarded four medals for acts of heroism, including the Croix de Guerre. After the armistice with Italy, he was recruited into the Corsican Mafia by Jo Renucci and began smuggling cigarettes and silk stockings between Tangiers and Marseilles. During this time, he also established narcotics contacts in various Arab countries.
In 1947 Renucci and Francisci become anti-Communist strongmen for the Rally of the French People (RDF), the forerunner of the present-day Gaullist Party (UDR). Seizing the opportunity, Francisci befriended members of the political coterie of Charles de Gaulle. Francisci's influence in the party grew with his bank account and he would later become a leader of the Gaullist Party in Corsica.
When Renucci died in November 1958, Francisci gained control of his criminal empire. Though Francisci was in charge, he returned to Paris and delegated authority of heroin distribution in Marseilles to underlings. In Paris, Francisci spent much of his time befriending politicians and investing his wealth in casinos. He was the owner of a lucrative international gambling syndicate with lavish casinos in Paris, London and Beirut. He ran the prestigious "Cercle Hausmann" in Paris. 
Throughout the 1960s, Francisci was supposedly involved in gangland wars in southern France. The first war occurred in 1963. The second war occurred between 1965 and 1967 against the powerful Guérini clan. At that time, the Guérini clan was the ruling dynasty of the Corsican Mafia and had systematically organized the smuggling of opium from Turkey and other Middle Eastern countries. The Guérini clan was led by Marseilles mob boss Antoine Guérini and his underling Jean-Baptiste Andreani.
The latter gangland war was reportedly sparked by competition over casino revenues between Guérini and Francisci. The war silently continued for three years with little more than extended obituary notices in the French press. On 23 June 1967, two masked motorcyclists pumped eleven bullets into Antoine Guerini at a Marseilles gas station. Weeks later, Francisci was nearly killed by snipers while leaving an election rally in favor of John Bozzi, a Gaullist candidate, in Ajaccio, Corsica, but he managed to escape. According to the French weekly newspaper "L'Express", on 14 December 1967, two gangsters loyal to the Guérini clan tried to blow up Francisci's house with 220 pounds of TNT. The two men were blown to bits planting the bomb. On 21 June 1968, in Ajaccio, Corsica, Francisci was ambushed by five gunmen while dining at a restaurant. Although Francisci was miraculously unscathed, bystanders weren't as fortunate. One was killed, five others were wounded. Four months later, the men who tried to kill Marcel were murdered in a Parisian bar by gunmen dressed as policemen. Ultimately, the Guérini clan was exterminated in the French underworld.
Later, Marcel Francisci became an elected official for the Gaullist Party in Corsica. In 1971, he and Paul Mondoloni were accused by police forces in the U.S. Bureau of Narcotics of being involved in the trafficking of heroin between Marseilles and New York City.
On 16 January 1982, Marcel Francisci was killed in Paris, France. He was shot to death in the parking lot of the building where he lived as he was entering his car.
Legacy.
Although Francisci was alleged to be a fearsome Coriscan godfather, he is favorably remembered in Corsica as a philanthropic businessman who funded the construction of roads, schools and clinics. Francisci's family has denied his alleged involvement in organized crime.

</doc>
<doc id="20386933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386933" title="Joan Llorenç">
Joan Llorenç

Joan Llorenç (in Valencian; ) (1458–1520) was the leader of a "germania" (guild, literally "brotherhood") of Valencia. He became one of the most influential leaders in what would later be known as the Revolt of the Brotherhoods, though during his leadership warfare had not yet broken out.
Llorenç sought to expand the role the guilds played in the city and to counterbalance noble power. The nobility were widely disliked as they had often abused their power and acted above the law, with the government doing little against them. After a series of plagues, floods, and economic disasters in Valencia, the royal government was practically nonfunctional. Llorenç and the Council of Thirteen, the board consisting of the heads of the thirteen "Germanies", practically ran the city while the official government was absent or powerless. One of the compromises that Llorenç tried to broker was the addition of two representatives to the governing council of Valencia elected by the people. The two candidates affiliated with the "Germanies" won, while all candidates supported by the nobles lost. However, the recently appointed Viceroy Diego Hurtado de Mendoza sided with the nobility and refused to admit the "Germanies" representatives. This, and the death of the popular Guillén Castleví (known under the nickname "Sorolla") caused riots in the city that ended the royal administration. Llorenç did not live long enough to guide the continuing revolt, as he died shortly after the riots, likely due to a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="20386938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386938" title="Socrates Schools">
Socrates Schools

Socrates and Demosthenes School (École Primaire Socrates et Démosthenes) (' 'Δημοτικό Σχολείο Σωκράτης και Δημοσθένης") (www.socdem.org) is an elementary school in the province of Quebec that services students in the Greater Montreal area while also servicing the members of the Hellenic Community of Greater Montreal.
Founded in 1909, the school offers a trilingual program (French, Greek and English), and while following the Curriculum provided by MELS, it also teaches aspects of Greek history and culture according to the pedagogical program provided by the Ministry of Education of Greece.
Campuses.
Socrates and Demosthenes Primary School has 6 campuses in the greater Montreal area to better serve all students and the Greek community alike: Montreal, Laval, West Island and the South Shore (Montreal).
SOCRATES II
5777, ave Wilderton, Montréal., H3S 2V7
In 1982, the community bought a new lot of land to built a new community center. This community center was also planned to have a school. This would later on be established as the 2nd campus of the Socrates schools. This building has a cathedral, a library, a reception hall, a gym, 27 classrooms (including a daycare center "Ta Paidakia"), and many administrative offices. Today, 250 students attend the school.
SOCRATES III 
11, 11e rue, Roxboro, H8Y 1K6
In 1982, a new building is built in Roxboro to attend to its Greek student population. This building consists of 29 classrooms (including a daycare center), a library, a gym, and many administrative offices. Today, more than 200 students attend this school.
SOCRATES IV
5220, Grande Allée, St-Hubert, J3Y 1A1
In 1985, the H.C.M agreed to build not only an elementary school (which would be the 4th campus built by the community) but also a community center that would be able to serve the full population of the South-Shore region. The building has a church, 18 classrooms (including a daycare center), a multimedia room, a library, a cafeteria, a gym, and many administrative offices. Today, the school consists of about 100 students.
SOCRATES V
931, Emerson, Laval, H7W 3Y5
SOCRATES V(ANNEX)
1005, boul Pie X, Laval, H7V 3A9
In 1990, the H.C.M. bought a new building to serve to the students of the Laval community. This building consists of 23 classrooms, a gym, a library, and some administrative offices. Even though it is the smallest building in all the H.C.G.M (besides its annex bought in 2002 to attend a daycare and the kindergarten groups of the 5th campus) it has the largest amount of students, consisting of about 500 students!
DEMOSTHENES
1565, boul. St-Martin O. Laval, H7S 1N1
In 2011, the H.C.M. buys the Hellenic community of Laval along with all its organizations. One of the biggest interests of the H.C.M. was their elementary school, Demosthenes. Today, this school has more than 200 students. it is the newest addition to the communities schools.
In total, the schools consist of about 1 300 students! This number is growing every year. It is the pride of not only the H.C.G.M. but of the Greek Embassy of Canada as well.
Future Projects.
NEW BUILDING IN LAVAL
In 2013, the H.C.G.M. had begun efforts to sell all school buildings in Laval to provide a better service in a new building that would be constructed in back of Laval's major Greek Orthodox Church, The Saint-Cross Church. This building would consist of many modern aspects. construction has been foreseen to begin in 2014, after all buildings have been sold.
FUTURE HIGH SCHOOL PROJECTS
For more than 30 years, the community has been talking about building a high school for the students that would graduate the elementary schools. Lately, this project has been put under a serious note. If all construction projects go well for the new elementary building in Laval, then further research will be done to make this future project possible.

</doc>
<doc id="20386945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386945" title="Taklamakan (short story)">
Taklamakan (short story)

Bruce Sterling's short story "Taklamakan" is about a group of Chinese habitats that simulate generation ships in a cave under the Taklamakan Desert. It won the 1999 Hugo Award for Best Novelette as well as the 1999 Foreign Short Story Hayakawa Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20386953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386953" title="Gwotet">
Gwotet

Gwotet is an album by David Murray released on the Justin Time label. Recorded in 2003 and released in 2004 the album features performances by Murray and the Gwo-Ka Masters with Pharoah Sanders. It is Murray's second album with the Gwo-Ka Masters following "Yonn-Dé" (2002).
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "Freed from playing jazz standards or very free improvisations, Murray really thrives in this exotic setting, which was inspired by his move to France. "Gwotet," "Ouagadougou," and "Djolla Feeling" are high points, but there are no slow moments during the infectious set of danceable but somewhat unclassifiable music.".

</doc>
<doc id="20386972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386972" title="Mokomokai">
Mokomokai

Mokomokai are the preserved heads of Māori, the indigenous people of New Zealand, where the faces have been decorated by tā moko tattooing. They became valuable trade items during the Musket Wars of the early 19th century.
Moko.
Moko facial tattoos were traditional in Māori culture until about the mid 19th century when their use began to disappear, although there has been something of a revival from the late 20th century. In pre-European Māori culture they denoted high social status. There were generally only men that had full facial moko, though high-ranked women often had moko on their lips and chins.
Moko marked rites of passage for people of chiefly rank, as well as significant events in their lives. Each moko was unique and contained information about the person’s rank, tribe, lineage, occupation and exploits. Moko were expensive to obtain and elaborate moko were usually limited to chiefs and high-ranked warriors. Moreover, the art of moko, the people who created and incised the designs, as well as the moko themselves, were surrounded by strict tapu and protocol.
Mokomokai.
When someone with moko died, often the head would be preserved. The brain and eyes were removed, with all orifices sealed with flax fibre and gum. The head was then boiled or steamed in an oven before being smoked over an open fire and dried in the sun for several days. It was then treated with shark oil. Such preserved heads, mokomokai, would be kept by their families in ornately-carved boxes and brought out only for sacred ceremonies.
The heads of enemy chiefs killed in battle were also preserved; these mokomokai, being considered trophies of war, would be displayed on the marae and mocked. However, they were important in diplomatic negotiations between warring tribes, with the return and exchange of mokomokai being an essential precondition for peace.
Musket Wars.
In the early 19th century, with the arrival of Europeans in New Zealand, tribes in contact with European sailors, traders and settlers had access to firearms, giving them a military advantage over their neighbours. This gave rise to the Musket Wars, when other tribes became desperate to acquire firearms too, if only to defend themselves. It was during this period of social destabilisation that mokomokai became commercial trade items that could be sold as curios, artworks and as museum specimens which fetched high prices in Europe and America, and which could be bartered for firearms and ammunition.
The demand for firearms was such that tribes carried out raids on their neighbours to acquire more heads to trade for them. They also tattooed slaves and prisoners (though with meaningless motifs rather than genuine moko) in order to provide heads to order. The peak years of the trade in mokomokai were from 1820 to 1831. In 1831 the Governor of New South Wales issued a proclamation banning further trade in heads out of New Zealand, and during the 1830s the demand for firearms diminished because of market saturation. By 1840 when the Treaty of Waitangi was signed, and New Zealand became a British colony, the export trade in mokomokai had virtually ended, along with a decline in the use of moko in Māori society, although occasional small-scale trade continued for several years.
The Robley collection.
Major-General Horatio Gordon Robley was a British army officer and artist who served in New Zealand during the New Zealand land wars in the 1860s. He was interested in ethnology and fascinated by the art of tattooing as well as being a talented illustrator. He wrote the classic text on the subject of moko, "Moko; or Maori Tattooing", which was published in 1896. After he returned to England he built up a notable collection of 35-40 mokomokai which he later offered to sell to the New Zealand Government. When the offer was declined, most of the collection was sold to the American Museum of Natural History.
Repatriation.
More recently there has been a campaign to repatriate to New Zealand the hundreds of mokomokai held in museums and private collections around the world, either to be returned to their relatives or to the Museum of New Zealand for storage, though not display. It has had some success, though many mokomokai remain overseas and the campaign is ongoing.

</doc>
<doc id="20386979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386979" title="Sam Spiegel (disambiguation)">
Sam Spiegel (disambiguation)

Sam Spiegel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20386983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386983" title="Ahiru no Sora">
Ahiru no Sora

Plot.
Kurumatani Sora, made a promise to his mother "I will dominate my first highschool tournament". But as he joins the basketball club after entering Kuzuryū Highschool, he finds out that it's become a stomping ground for delinquents. A place where everything but basketball is done, but with Sora's genuine zeal for basketball, things begin to stir.

</doc>
<doc id="20386992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20386992" title="Corneliu Calotescu">
Corneliu Calotescu

Corneliu Calotescu (1889-1970) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He served as Secretary-General to the Under-Secretary of State of Land Forces in 1940. In 1941, he was Deputy Governor-General of Bucovina then Governor-General of Bucovina. He became General Officer Commanding the 3rd Division in 1943 and went into the reserves in 1944. In 1945, Calotescu retired.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387001" title="Mihail Cămăraşu">
Mihail Cămăraşu

Mihail Camarasu (born 1892, died 1962) was a Romanian Lieutenant-General during World War II. He served as 
Chief of Staff VII Corps in 1940, and in 1943 went from Commanding Officer Infantry 18th Mountain Division to General Officer Commanding 103rd Mountain Command. in 1944, he was Romanian Liaison Officer to XVII German Army Corps, Chief Prisoner of War Section General Staff, and General Officer Commanding 10th Division. From 1945 to 1948, he was Deputy General Officer Commanding of first the 5th Corps Area, and then the 3rd Military Region. He retired in 1948. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387002" title="Nicolae Cambrea">
Nicolae Cambrea

Nicolae Cambrea (1900–1976) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. In 1942, heserved as Chief of Staff 5th Division. He was briefly a Soviet prisoner of war, but the following year joined his captors and became General Officer Commanding of the Tudor Vladimirescu Division. He was Vice Chief General Staff in 1945, Deputy General Officer Commanding 2nd Military Region in 1947, Commandant Army Instruction Center in 1948, and General Officer Commanding 3rd Military Region in 1949. Cambrea retired in 1950. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387005" title="Petre Cameniţă">
Petre Cameniţă

Petre Camenita (1889-1962) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. In 1941, he was first Commanding Officer 1st Frontier Brigade and then Deputy General Officer Commanding 21st Division. He was Commanding Officer Infantry 1st Guards Division and then Secretary-General to Under-Secretary of State of Land Forces in 1942, and in 1944 became General Officer Commanding 18th Division. In 1945, he was first General Officer Commanding 18th Division and then General Officer Commanding VI Corps. Camenita retired in 1945.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387006" title="Manatee conservation status">
Manatee conservation status

Manatees are large marine mammals that inhabit slow rivers, canals, saltwater bays, estuaries, and coastal areas. They are a migratory species, inhabiting the Florida waters during the winter and moving as far north as Virginia and as far west as Texas in the warmer summer months. Manatees are calm herbivores that spend most of their time eating, sleeping, and traveling. They have a lifespan of about 60 years with no known natural enemies. Most of their deaths are the result of human activity, particularly watercraft collisions. In the past, manatees were exploited for their meat, fat, and hides. However, the most significant challenge manatees face today is the loss of habitat. Manatees were once very widespread, but coastal development and poaching has significantly reduced the size of their population. There are currently around 3,200 manatees living in the United States.
Sources of danger.
Various human activities threaten manatee populations, and activists working to save the species aggressively protest these actions. Fishing nets and lines can cause injuries to manatees that often lead to serious infections. Many manatee deaths are the result of collisions with boats when the mammals are surfacing for air. They are not fast enough to elude the boat propellers, and thus suffer from fatal gashes. Additionally, the recent increase in coastal development has severely affected manatee habitats. The habitats themselves have been destroyed as residential and commercial development has occurred along seagrass beds, mangroves, and salt marshes where manatees live. Pollution in these areas may also have an effect on manatee mortality, as chemicals introduced into their habitats lead to impaired immune systems. The fact that manatees tend to gather in the warm water outflows of power plants furthers the likelihood of the spread of disease. Humans are the only life that endangers manatees.
Becoming endangered legal protection.
Starting in the 18th century when the English declared Florida a manatee sanctuary and made manatee hunting illegal, people have worked to protect this species. In 1893, manatees first received protection under Florida law, and in 1907 this law was revised to impose a fine of $500 and/or six months of jail time for molesting or killing a manatee. In accordance with the Endangered Species Preservation Act of 1966, an act of Congress designed to list endangered animal species and offer them limited protection, the manatee became one of 78 original species listed as being threatened with extinction. There are currently more than 1300 species on this list. On March 11, 1967 federal efforts to protect the manatee began when the United States Fish and Wildlife Service listed the manatee as endangered.
In 1972, the manatee was designated a marine mammal protected under the Federal Marine Mammal Protection Act. This act prohibited the removal of any marine mammal and imposed a fine of up to $2000 and/or one year in jail for doing so. The Endangered Species Act of 1966 was revised in 1973 and increased federal protection of manatees. The “act made it a violation to harass, harm, pursue, hunt, shoot, wound, kill, capture, or collect an endangered species…authorized cooperative agreements between states and the federal government with funding management, research and law enforcement.”
In 1974 the Sirenia Project was established in Gainesville, Florida to provide manatee documentation and rescue programs. In 1976, Sea World of Florida began a Manatee Rescue and Rehabilitation Program. The Florida Manatee Sanctuary Act passed in 1978, amending the 1907 state law. Florida became an official refuge and sanctuary for the marine mammals, and the regulation of boat speeds in areas of manatee inhabitation became allowed. In that same year, the U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Florida Audubon Society, and Sea World also sponsored the “West Indian Manatee Workshop” in which six management recommendations were proposed: regulations to control boaters and divers, land acquisition for refuges, study of potential artificial refuges, explore technological control mechanisms to protect manatees, develop oil spill contingency plans, and increase public education.
In 1979, Florida Governor Bob Graham made November Manatee Awareness Month, and the first state-designated protection zones were established. The year 1980 saw Congress allocate $100, 000 to the Marine Mammal Commission and the development of the initial Federal Manatee Recovery Plan by the U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service. In 1981 Bob Graham and Jimmy Buffett formed the Save the Manatee Committee, the precursor of the Save the Manatee Club, which sought to protect manatees and their habitats. Both the Marine Mammal Protection Act and the Endangered Species Act were reauthorized in 1988 as various new groups, companies, and organizations began to invest time and resources in the protection of the manatee. The early 1990s saw more government money being allocated to the cause, more research being conducted, and more protection plans being implemented.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service revised the Manatee Recovery Plan Objectives in 1996 to include the following: assess and minimize causes of manatee mortality and injury, protect essential habitat, determine and monitor the status of the manatee population and essential habitat, coordinate and oversee cooperative recovery work. Throughout the early 2000s (decade), various counties in Florida continued to revise and/or create specific conservation plans in conjunction with federal and state-wide efforts.
Organizations.
Many institutes help promote awareness of the threats faced by manatees, raise money for manatee research, and generally work to ensure the survival of this endangered species. One of the largest and most influential organizations is the Save the Manatee Club. This non-profit organization was created by Bob Graham and Jimmy Buffett as a means of including the public in manatee conservation. The club sponsors an Adopt-A-Manatee program that uses it funds for “public awareness and education projects; manatee research; rescue and rehabilitation efforts; and advocacy and legal action in order to ensure better protection for manatees and their habitat.” It also sponsors various public awareness, education, and volunteer activities.
Sirenian International is one of the largest grassroots organizations aimed at promoting research, education, and conservation of manatees. The group considers itself a “partnership of scientists, students, educators, conservationists, and the public” that sponsors various projects throughout the world. Membership is divided into three groups based upon financial contributions and active service to the organization: participating member, supporting member, and contributing member.
SeaWorld of Florida has played a major role in the efforts to protect and conserve the manatees. Sea World has the authority to rescue and rehabilitate manatees, and has had a great deal of success doing so. Evidence of this is shown by the fact that eight manatees were rescued and five were returned to their natural environments by Sea World of Florida’s rescue team in 2007. Additionally, the theme park has an exhibit titled “Manatees: The Last Generation?” aimed at educating guests about the importance of protecting this endangered species.
One of the most popular efforts to raise money for manatee research and conservation is the sale of license plates by the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission. The proceeds of these sales make up a large percentage of the funds dedicated to this cause, having raised $34,000,000 since 1990. Money collected from decal sales, boat registration fees, and voluntary donations also contribute to the Save the Manatee Trust Fund. A newly redesigned license plate was released in December 2007.
Manatee Appreciation Day is celebrated on the last Wednesday of March in the United States. Florida celebrates Manatee Awareness Month during November, which has been endorsed by comedian Alec Baldwin.
References.
Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Committee should be changed to Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20387007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387007" title="Marcos Denner">
Marcos Denner

Marco Aurélio Martins Ivo, shortly Marcos Denner (born March 12, 1976) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Grêmio Esportivo Brasil.
Club career.
His previous club was Nova Iguaçu, Tupi, América, Juventus, Botafogo, FC Seoul, then known as Anyang LG Cheetahs, Portuguesa, Santo André, Flamengo, Fortaleza, Marília, Galo Maringá, Paulista, Sertãozinho, Caxias, Juventude and Guarani.

</doc>
<doc id="20387010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387010" title="XIII SS Army Corps">
XIII SS Army Corps

XIII SS Army Corps was formed August 1944 at Breslau. It was moved to France and the Western Front. By the end of April 1945, some XIII Corps operated in Czechoslovakia where they encountered the 97th Infantry Division. Others fought north of the Danube River near Regen.

</doc>
<doc id="20387011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387011" title="Sava Caracas">
Sava Caracas

Sava Caracas (1890–1945) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. In 1941, he became Chief of Staff 4th Corps Area. In 1942, he was Commanding Officer Infantry 10th Division and then Acting General Officer Commanding 10th Division. He began 1942 by becoming General Officer Commanding 10th Division, and then went into reserve that year. In 1944, he became General Officer Commanding 7th Training Division, and then General Officer Commanding 20th Training Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20387016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387016" title="Dumitru Carlaonţ">
Dumitru Carlaonţ

Dumitru Carlaonţ (b. 1888 - d. 1970, Bucharest) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II, who is known for being imprisoned and acquitted for his war crimes three times.
He began his career as Deputy General Officer Commanding 4th Division in 1941, and later that year became Commandant of Iasi and General Officer Commanding 8th Division. He was Secretary-General in Ministry of War, but went into reserve and then retired in 1945. Carlaonţ was arrested in 1948 and imprisoned, but acquitted and released in 1950. In 1951, he was condemned to 12 years imprisonment for crimes against humanity. However, he was pardoned and released in 1955. He was again arrested from 1959 to 1960. This time, he was condemned to 7 years imprisonment for anti - social activities but released later that year.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387020" title="Corneliu Carp">
Corneliu Carp

Corneliu Carp (born 1895, died 1982) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. He was Chief of Staff Military Command of the Oil Fields and then Deputy Commandant of Odessa in 1941, General Officer Commanding 8th Cavalry Division and then at disposition of the Cavalry Corps in 1942, Commandant Cavalry Instruction Center and then General Officer Commanding 5th Cavalry Division, and became Vice Chief General Staff in 1945. Carp went into reserve in 1946, retired in 194, and was arrested in 1950. In 1951, he was condemned to 12 years imprisonment, but was released in 1955. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387021" title="Marin Ceauşu">
Marin Ceauşu

Marin Ceausu (1891-1954) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. He served as Commanding Officer 14th Artillery Regiment beginning in 1939, and was Commanding Officer Artillery 2nd Division and at disposition for I Corps in 1942. In 1943, he was General Officer Commanding Artillery IV Corps. In 1944, he was General Officer Commanding Artillery V Corps. Finally, in 1945, he served as General Officer Commanding 21st Division. Ceausu went into reserve in 1946, and retired in 1947. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387023" title="List of DSiWare games and applications">
List of DSiWare games and applications

This is a list of games and applications, collectively known as DSiWare, for the Nintendo DSi handheld game console available for download via the DSi Shop. An update released for the Nintendo 3DS in June 2011 added support for the Nintendo eShop service, which contains the DSi Shop's library of DSiWare games with exceptions for certain games or applications such as "Flipnote Studio" in addition to games made specifically for the 3DS as well as a Virtual Console service. There are over 200 downloadable games available in North America as of August 2010. Note that blank boxes in some columns represent currently unconfirmed or otherwise unknown information. (This list is incomplete and missing some titles and many release dates outside of North America.) Release dates are subject to change.

</doc>
<doc id="20387024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387024" title="Platon Chirnoagă">
Platon Chirnoagă

Platon Chirnoaga (1894 - 1974) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. In 1941, he was Chief Operation 3rd Army and then Vice Chief of Staff 3rd Army. He became Commanding Officer 7th Artillery Regiment and subsequently Vice Chief of Staff 3rd Army in 192. In 1944, he was Commanding Officer 4th Artillery Brigade, General Officer Commanding 4th Division, and finally a German prisoner. In 1945, Chirnoaga was Minister of Defence Government while in exile in Germany. From 1945 to 1946, he was a prisoner of war. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387025" title="Vasile Chiţu">
Vasile Chiţu

Vasile Chitu (born 1896) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. He began his career as http://www.generals.dk/general/Chitu/Vasile/Romania.html in 1939, and in 1941 became Chief of Staff 7th Corps Area. Late that year, Chitu would serve as Chief of Staff VII Corps and General Officer Commanding 1st Training Division, and finally retire.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387027" title="Brindisi (music)">
Brindisi (music)

A is a song in which a company is exhorted to drink, a drinking song.
The word is Italian, but it derives from an old German phrase, "" – "(I) offer it to you", which at one time was used to introduce a toast. The transformation of that phrase into the current Italian word may have been influenced by similar-sounding name of the Italian city of Brindisi, but otherwise the city and the term are etymologically unrelated.
The term ' is often used in opera. Typically, in an operatic ', one character introduces a toast with a solo melody and the full ensemble later joins in the refrain.
Some well-known operatic numbers labeled "" are:

</doc>
<doc id="20387028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387028" title="Gheorghe Cialâk">
Gheorghe Cialâk

Gheorghe Cialâk (21 April 1886, Bucharest - 7 December 1977, Bucharest) was a Romanian Lieutenant-General during World War II. In 1941, he became General Officer Commanding 4th Division. The following year, he would serve as General Officer Commanding 7th Corps area and General Officer Commanding Cavalry Corps. Cialâk was arrested in 1944, retired in 1945, and was acquitted and released in 1946. However, he was arrested again in 1951 and charged with crimes against humanity. He was ultimately released in 1955. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387032" title="Henri Cihoski">
Henri Cihoski

Henri Cihoski (born October 2, 1871, Tecuci, died May 18, 1950, Sighet) was a Romanian Lieutenant-General during World War II, of Polish origin.
Biography.
In 1917 Cihoski became a general officer, commanding the 10th Division which participated in heavy fighting at the battle of Mărăṣeṣti. He was decorated with the Order of Michael the Brave. He served as Minister of War from 1928 to 1930, and was a member of the Supreme Council of National Defense in 1943. In 1945 he was arrested and sent to Sighet prison, where he died in 1950.
He lived in house that he had built himself on Dacia Boulevard in Bucharest.

</doc>
<doc id="20387036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387036" title="Nicolae Ciupercă">
Nicolae Ciupercă

Nicolae Ciupercă (1882 – 1950) was a Romanian general during World War II. He served as Minister of Defence from 1938 to 1939 in the government of Miron Cristea, He commanding the 2nd and 4th Armies during the early years of the war. He retired in 1941, but after the communists came to power, he was captured and put in prison in 1948. On May 25th, 1950, he died in Jilava prison. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387038" title="Tudoranca Ciurea">
Tudoranca Ciurea

Tudoranca Ciurea (1888-1971) was a Romanian General during World War II. He was Commanding Officer Infantry 1st Frontier Division in 1942, and in 1943 served as General Officer Commanding 4th Division, General Officer Commanding 4th Mountain Division, and finally General Officer Commanding Special Reparation Corps. Ciurea retired in 1944.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387041" title="Traian Cocorăscu">
Traian Cocorăscu

Traian Cocorascu (born 1888, died 1970) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. In 1941, he was Commanding Officer 9th Cavalry Brigade. He served as General Officer Commanding Cavalry Corps in 1942, and retired that year. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387044" title="Ion Codreanu">
Ion Codreanu

Ion Codreanu (1891–1960) was a Romanian brigadier-general during World War II. 
Biography.
In 1941, he was first Director Higher Cavalry Department, and then Commanding Officer 6th Cavalry Division. He became Head Historical Service General Staff and then Head Royal Military Household in 1942. In 1943, he served as Vice Chief General Staff and then Commandant Higher War School. Codreanu was Chief Operations General Staff in 1944, Inspector of Cavalry in 1945, and General Officer Commanding 2nd Corps Area in 1946. He went into reserve and then retired in 1947. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387051" title="Simion Coman">
Simion Coman

Simion Coman (born 1890, died 1971) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. In 1941, he started his career as Commanding Officer 3rd Dorobanti Infantry Regiment. he became Deputy General Officer Commanding 2nd Mountain Division in 1942, and Commanding 5th Instruction Center. In 1944, Coman served as General Officer Commanding 21st Training Division, Commanding Officer 3rd Frontier Brigade, and Deputy General Officer Commanding 4th Corps Area. He sent into reserve in 1946 and retired in 1947. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387053" title="Constantin S. Constantin">
Constantin S. Constantin

Constantin S. Constantin (May 9, 1889 - February 29, 1948) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He was Assistant Chief General Staff in 1939, and in 1941 was Secretary-General of Administration Ministry of Defence and then Under-Secretary of Supply. He went into reserve in 1943, and in 1944 was Deputy General Officer Commanding Capital Military Command. He went into reserve again that year, and retired in 1945. In 1946, he was arrested and in 1948 was condemned to 10 years imprisonment. He died in the Văcăreşti Prison.

</doc>
<doc id="20387059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387059" title="Ion Constantinescu">
Ion Constantinescu

Ion Constantinescu (born 1896, date of death unknown) was a Romanian brigadier general during World War II.
Military career.
In 1941, he was commandant of the Regimental Instruction Center for Mechanization, and in 1942 he was the commanding officer of the 35th Regiment. In 1944, he first served as the commanding officer of the 21st Brigade and then deputy general officer commanding the 21st Division. He was inspector of the 2nd Corps area in 1945, went into the reserve in 1946, and retired in 1947.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387061" title="Vladimir Constantinescu">
Vladimir Constantinescu

Vladimir Constantinescu (born 1895, died 1965) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He began his military career as Commandant of Cavalry School in 1941, and in 1942 became Commanding Officer 8th Rosiori Cavalry Regiment and Commandant of Cavalry School. He served as Chief of Staff Mechanized Troops Command, and in 1944 was General Officer Commanding 1st Cavalry Division and Deputy General Officer Commanding 8th Cavalry Division. Constantinescu went into reserve in 1946, and retired in 1947. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387066" title="Sulo Kolkka">
Sulo Kolkka

Sulo Kolkka (dates of birth and death sometimes reported December 20, 1904 - August 21, 1988) is most likely a fictional character, (or the real name is not known) who is said to have been a Finnish sniper during World War II, with over 400 confirmed kills. 
According to some stories, Kolkka was born in Säkkijärvi, South Karelia and died in Kangasala. Kolkka is often reported to have killed over 400 Red army soldiers and officers during 105 days of the Winter War. As such he would be the second deadliest sniper of the Finnish army in World War II, after Simo Häyhä.
His name is not mentioned in Finnish Defence Forces archives, newspapers or magazines of the era. His name is hard to find even in post-war fictional war literature, and there exist no photographs of him. When compared to legendary real-life sniper Häyhä, whose name was used excessively for promotional purposes, it is reasonable to presume that there was no sniper named Sulo Kolkka. In addition, Häyhä's actions and Kolkka's described deeds during the war carry a great resemblance.
However, there was a nationally fairly well known war correspondent, Sulo "Simeoni" Kolkka, who sometimes reported of Simo Häyhä's deeds to other domestic and foreign war correspondents. It has been assumed, that a foreign journalist mixed the names of the sniper and the reporter, thus giving birth to a legend without a base in reality. Kolkka becomes another legendary sniper .

</doc>
<doc id="20387087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387087" title="Mia Theodoratus">
Mia Theodoratus

Mia Theodoratus is an American harpist and arranger based in Brooklyn, New York. She plays Rock, Jazz, and Celtic harp.
Biography.
Theodoratus graduated from the California Institute of the Arts with a masters degree in harp performance.
After graduation she moved to New York City and took up residence in Brooklyn. She began to incorporate a wide variety of influences into her music including free jazz and North Indian classical music. During this period she worked with performance groups and played with jazz artists including Daniel Carter, Baikida Carroll and Roscoe Mitchell. In 1999, Theodoratus released a CD called 1 Swirl with Tabla artist Nick Smith under the name Jah-La. In 2004 Theodoratus recorded Confusing the Devil with the avant-jazz Hanuman Sextet.
She is affiliated with the Irish Arts Center where she teaches Celtic Harp and performs Celtic Music. She performed with the Shakespeare Theatre Company production of Oedipus with Avery Brooks at the Herod Atticus Theatre in Athens, Greece. She has recorded and performed with TV on the Radio, Leona Naess, Ann Magnuson and Citizens Band. 
In 2008 Theodoratus performed in Dueling Harps with Magnuson, Alex Rami and Adam Dugas. Her current touring project is Ravens and Roses (with Dugas) which fuses together Irish tunes, rock songs and Purcell.

</doc>
<doc id="20387098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387098" title="Constantin Constantiniu">
Constantin Constantiniu

Constantin Constantiniu (born 1894, died 1971) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. He began his military career as Head Intendance Service in the Under-Secretary of the Air Force in 1941, and in 1944 was Head Intendance Service of the Army. In 1945 he was Director Higher Audition Department, in 1946 he was Inspector-General in General-Inspectorate of Intendance, in 1947 he was Director General Department for Administration of the Army, in 1948 he was Commandant Higher Administration School, and in 1949 he was Commandant Army Logistical Academy. Constantiniu retired in 1952. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387100" title="39th Street">
39th Street

39th Street may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20387104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387104" title="Mihail Corbuleanu">
Mihail Corbuleanu

Mihail Corbuleanu (born 1894, died 1974) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He began his military career Military Attaché to Rome in 1940. In 1944 he was briefly in reserve, but then became General Officer Commanding 13th Training Division, Commanding Officer 18th Brigade, General Officer Commanding 6th Division, and again became Commanding Officer 18th Brigade. He was General Officer Commanding 18th Division, but went into reserve that year and retired in 1947.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387108" title="Kim Young-il">
Kim Young-il

Kim Young-il (born 17 March 1947) is a North Korean politician. As of 2008, he is the Deputy Foreign Minister of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="20387109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387109" title="Dumitru Coroamă">
Dumitru Coroamă

Dumitru Coroamă (1885-?) was a Romanian soldier and fascist political activist, who held the rank of Major-General of the Romanian Army during World War II, and was especially known for his contribution to the 1940 establishment of the National Legionary State by the nationalist Iron Guard. 
Career.
In 1939, he became General Officer Commanding 1st Guard Division at the Royal Palace in Bucharest, in service to King Carol II. Coroamă secretly supported the Iron Guard's leader Horia Sima, who was in rivalry with Carol's National Renaissance Front regime. He rose to prominence after the events of autumn 1940, when the Second Vienna Award, which lost Romania rule over Northern Transylvania, engendered a political crisis. In this context, he cooperated with Sima on the Iron Guard's attempt to seize power, and came into contact with another authoritarian figure, General Ion Antonescu, who was reluctantly appointed Premier by Carol. In early September, as a sign of his cooperation with Sima, Antonescu appointed Coroamă to the post of General Officer in charge of the Capital's Military Command, replacing the loyalist Gheorghe Argeşanu. Soon afterward, Antonescu was told that two other loyalist generals, Gheorghe Mihail and Paul Teodorescu, were planning to have him killed. He consequently demanded Carol's abdication, in tandem with General Coroamă refusal to comply with the royal order and have Guardists who marched in front of the Palace shot down.
Dumitru Coroamă survived Antonescu's violent split with the Guard and the Legionary Rebellion of 1941, becoming General Officer commanding the 4th Army on the Eastern Front in 1941, but was arrested after the Royal Coup of 1944. A political prisoner under the communist regime, Coroamă was not released until 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20387111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387111" title="Gheorghe Cosma">
Gheorghe Cosma

Gheorghe Cosma (born 1892, died 1969) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He began his career in 1940 as Chief of Staff Higher Technical Department. In 1941, he served as Commanding Officer 6th Artillery Regiment and Chief of Staff Higher Technical Department. He was Commanding Officer 9th Artillery Brigade in 1942, and in 1943 was Commanding Officer 13th Artillery Brigade and General Officer Commanding Artillery VII Corps. He became a prisoner of war in 1944, but that same year served as General Officer Commanding Artillery Mountain Corps. In 1945, he was General Officer Commanding Artillery 4th Army, General Officer Commanding 18th Division, General Officer Commanding 19th Division, and Commandant Artillery Instruction Center. Cosma went into reserve in 1945 and retired in 1947. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387112" title="Nicolae Costescu">
Nicolae Costescu

Nicolae Costescu (born 1888, died 1963) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. He served as Director Higher Infantry Department in 1941, and later that year became General Officer Commanding 18th Division. He was Director Higher Infantry Department in 1942, and retired that year.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387118" title="Ilie Creţulescu">
Ilie Creţulescu

Ilie Cretulescu (born 1892, died 1971) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He was Chief of Staff IV Corps in 1941, and became Commanding Officer 9th Brigade later that year. In 1944, he held a series of positions: General Officer Commanding 104th Mountain Command, General Officer Commanding 103rd Mountain Division, General Officer Commanding 4th Mountain Division, Under-Secretary of State for Land Forces, and finally Vice Chief General Staff. In 1945, he was General Officer Commanding Frontier Troops. In 1947, Cretulescu served as Deputy General Officer Commanding 1st Military Region and then Chief of Staff 1st Military Region. He retired in 1948. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20387153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387153" title="Winston airport shuttle">
Winston airport shuttle

Winston Airport Shuttle is United States's first door to door shared ride airport service. It was started on July 23, 1973 by Martin Laschever from Stony Brook, New York. At that time, there were no other companies of its kind in the United States. 
Today there are hundreds maybe thousands of shared ride airport services in America, and their roots can all be traced back to the Winston Airport Shuttle and Martin Laschever and his unique vision. Winston Airport Shuttles pick up or drop off travelers at any location; such as home, office, school, or hotel on Long Island and Queens and brings them to John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK), LaGuardia Airport (LGA), Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) and Long Island MacArthur Airport (ISP), as well as to all piers in New York City (all boroughs), Bayonne, New Jersey, and Brooklyn.

</doc>
<doc id="20387208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387208" title="Tasa de Santillán">
Tasa de Santillán

Tasa de Santillán or Rate of Santillán was a rate of indigenous labor applied in the Captaincy General of Chile by Spanish governor García Hurtado de Mendoza, the first formal regulation of the system of encomiendas in Chile. Promulgated in 1558, it was the first set of laws that regulated labor relations between the Spaniards and Mapuche natives. Its creator was jurist Hernando de Santillán, who came with Garcia Hurtado de Mendoza to Chile. 
Description.
The Rate was a system for indigenous labor, that instead of making all the natives work in a repartimiento, determined a system whereby they took turns doing the required service. The cacique of each tribe being forced to send a man for each six men in the encomienda for the operation of the mines, and one of each five for agricultural work. This worker, who until then had not been paid a wage, had to be remunerated with the sixth part of the product of his work. The form of remuneration the native was due, called Sesmo, was regular pay every month end, the sixth part that he extracted from the mine. In addition the regulation exempted from this work women and men of under 18 and over 50 years old. It established that the encomendero was to maintain the laborers in healthy condition and in addition that they procured their quick evangelisation. 
The duration of the Rate of Santillán in all their integrity did not last long and the governors who replaced Mendoza abolished it almost totally. Actually, this rate allowed some Spaniards like Pedro Avendaño to greatly abuse the Indians in their encomiendas, sowing the seeds of future rebellions, especially among the Huilliche. In replacement of the Rate of Santillán governor Martin Ruiz De Gamboa dictated a new rate in 1580 in a new decree, it was known as the Tasa de Gamboa. 

</doc>
<doc id="20387213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387213" title="Yonn-Dé">
Yonn-Dé

Yonn-Dé is an album by David Murray released on the Justin Time label. Recorded in 2001 and released in 2003 the album features performances by Murray and the Gwo-Ka Masters. It was Murray's first album with the Gwo-Ka Masters and was followed by "Gwotet" (2005).
Reception.
The Allmusic review by David R. Adler awarded the album 4 stars stating "It is Santi Debriano who proves to be the beating heart of the entire project, lending harmonic shape and direction and making every track a unique journey.".

</doc>
<doc id="20387229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387229" title="Ypiranga incident">
Ypiranga incident

The "Ypiranga" Incident occurred on April 21, 1914, at the port of Veracruz in Mexico. The SS "Ypiranga" was a German steamer that was commissioned to transport arms and munitions to the Mexican federal government under Victoriano Huerta. The United States had placed Mexico under an arms embargo to stifle the flow of weaponry to the war-torn state, then in the throes of civil war, forcing the Mexican government to look to Europe for aid. The "Ypiranga" tried to enter the harbor at Veracruz to unload on the first day of the United States occupation but was detained by American troops who were ordered by President Woodrow Wilson to enforce the arms embargo he had placed on Mexico. There was neither a declaration of war on Mexico by the United States nor a formal blockade on its ports, thus the detention of the "Ypiranga" was not legal and it was released. It proceeded to a port outside of American influence, Puerto México (modern-day Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz), and was able to offload its cargo to Huerta’s officials.
Background.
In February 1913, Victoriano Huerta launched a coup, known as the Ten Tragic Days, with the support of Félix Díaz, the nephew of deposed president Porfirio Díaz and American Ambassador Henry Lane Wilson, to overthrow the government of Francisco I. Madero. Mexico had been engaged in civil war for almost two years up to this point and Huerta was unable to enact his plans for pacification. Instead, he had to continue fighting the rebels for a time and his resources were spread thinly. President William Howard Taft concluded, based on the magnitude of the domestic violence, that no arms shipments were authorized to travel from the United States to Mexico by order of Congress. Huerta became dependent on European and Asian weapons for a short time until he created connections in the United States through his agents who coordinated arms sales to locations in Cuba that were then smuggled across the Gulf of Mexico. Huerta began working closely with Leon Raast, the Russian vice-consul in Mexico City. Raast traveled to New York to meet with the Huertista agent Abraham Ratner and Marquard and Company, Importers to purchase twenty machine guns to add to the stockpile already warehoused in the city. Raast then met with the president of Gans Steamship Line who would transport the contraband for him but could not legally consign the weapons to a port in Mexico, however, he would consign to a port in Odessa, Russia.
The Shipment.
The manifest obtained by the United States Justice Department following the departure of the SS "Brinkhorn" lists the large amount of ordnance that was on board the ship. The cargo included: 10,000 cases of 30-caliber cartridges; 4,000 cases of 7-millimeter cartridges; 250 cases of 44-caliber cartridges; 250,000 carbine rifles; 1000 cases of 14/30 carbines; twenty rapid fire machine guns. The total value of the 15,770 cases is recorded at US$607,000. Rasst shipped the arms to Odessa but did not appear there in time to clear it through customs. As a result the Russian government seized the consignment. Rasst with the help of the Russian embassy in Washington was able to get the shipment released and sent to Hamburg. However, there Rasst could not pay for the freight charges resulting in the German government to impound the shipment. Money from the American financier and Huerta supporter John Wesley De Kay finally achieved a release. The arms now went to Havanna with German-made Mauser rifles and cartridges added to it. The arms on the "Ypiranga" required "three trains of ten cars each" to unload. 

</doc>
<doc id="20387233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387233" title="McLaren M20">
McLaren M20

The McLaren M20 was a sports prototype developed by McLaren for the 1972 season of the Canadian-American Challenge Cup. It served as a replacement for the team's M8Fs, but it later became the final Can-Am design created by McLaren before the team left the series after failing to secure the 1972 championship title. M20s continued to be entered by private teams until the Can-Am championship was canceled at the conclusion of the 1974 season. McLaren driver Denny Hulme won two races during the 1972 season while Scooter Patrick won a single event in 1974 with a privately entered M20.
Development.
When McLaren designed their replacement for 1971's M8Fs, one of the team's primary goals was to improve the cooling structure of the cars in order to allow their racing drivers, Denny Hulme and Peter Revson, more comfort during races. The M8F, as with previous McLaren sports cars, featured a large radiator mounted in the nose of the car, through which air was drawn from openings in the nose, and exited upwards over the open cockpit. McLaren designers Gordon Coppuck and Tyler Alexander devised a solution to this heat problem by using two radiators, one each mounted on either side of the cockpit, and drawing air from the side of the bodywork. This meant that hot air exiting the radiator no longer passed over the cockpit, and decreased fatigue on the drivers.
With a radiator no longer housed in the nose of the car, McLaren designs were free to redesign the nose for better aerodynamic efficiency. This resulted in the addition of an adjustable airfoil between the front wheel fenders which increased the downforce on the front end of the car, leading to increased grip while cornering. The new radiator design also required a redesign of the fuel tanks within the car. The new tanks for the M20 were compacted around the cockpit and designed to flow from the outward tanks into the central tank so that as fuel was burned off during the race, it would not affect the weight distribution of the car.
The engine of the M20 was once again a Chevrolet V8 engine, increased in displacement to and producing approximately 750 horsepower. Attached to the engine was a Hewland Mk II gearbox, mounted behind the engine rather than between the engine and cockpit as competitors Porsche and Alfa Romeo used. The fiberglass bodywork attached to the aluminium chassis was similar to the M8F, maintaining the "Coke bottle" design, but with the addition of ducting on the side to feed the radiators. Brakes were developed in conjunction with Lockheed. Improving on the recently developed cross-drilled brakes from the previous season, grooves were machined into the discs to prevent outgassing. Goodyear remained as the team's official tire supplier.
In total, three M20s were built by McLaren in 1972. Unlike previous McLarens, no customer variants were developed for private teams prior to McLaren leaving the Can-Am series, although all three cars were eventually sold to other teams.
Racing history.
Two new McLaren M20s made their debut at Mosport Park, the inaugural round of the 1972 season. The #5 entry of Denny Hulme was able to achieve victory after some tire difficulties, beating Porsche's brand new turbocharged 917/10. Further problems appeared at Road Atlanta, where aerodynamics led to Hulme's car becoming airborne and flipping while following closely behind one of the Porsches. Although Hulme's car was destroyed and had to be replaced by the third M20, Denny was quickly able to recover and earned his second victory of the season at Watkins Glen International, followed immediately by Revson in the other McLaren. Porsche earned their second victory in the next round, aided by rain on race day.
After maintaining a close battle with Porsche in the first four races, McLaren saw the rest of the 1972 championship hopes slip away as numerous mechanical problems, mostly related to their Chevrolet motors, left them unable to finish several events. Although Hulme earned two second place finishes at Edmonton and Riverside, it was no match for Penske-Porsche driver George Follmer. Hulme was able to maintain second place over the trouble season, but earned only half the points total that Follmer amassed; Revson meanwhile was classified sixth in the standings. After failing to secure the Can-Am Championship for the first time since 1966, team owner Teddy Mayer decided to concentrate the company on Formula One and USAC IndyCars, leaving the Can-Am series behind.
After McLaren no longer had use for the M20s, all three (including Hulme's rebuilt car) were sold to separate teams. Roy Woods Racing purchased one car for driver David Hobbs to continue campaigning in Can-Am, while Fred Corbett (under the guise of Commander Motor Homes) purchased a car initially for Mario Andretti, who was later replaced by John Cannon. Corbett's M20 was modified to add a turbocharger in an attempt to better match Porsche's further improved car, the 917/30. The third M20 was sold to the German Felder Racing Team for driver Helmut Kelleners, who used it in the European Interserie championship.
Although none of the M20s were successful in 1973, the cars would once again be victorious during 1974. Roy Woods' M20 was sold to Herb Caplan's U.S. Racing for the 1974 Can-Am season, with driver Scooter Patrick. Patrick won the final race of the season at Road America after the dominating Shadows suffered mechanical problems. The Can-Am series would be cancelled shortly thereafter. Meanwhile, Kelleners's M20 was able to win in an Interserie event at the Nürburgring en route to finishing second in the drivers championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20387262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387262" title="List of Standard Comics publications">
List of Standard Comics publications

Standard Comics was an American comic book company owned by publisher Ned Pines. Standard in turn was the parent company of two comic-book lines: Better Publications and Nedor Publishing Collectors and historians sometimes refer to them collectively as "Standard/Better/Nedor".
Titles.
Source:
Better Publications.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="20387292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387292" title="Libby Mitchell">
Libby Mitchell

Elizabeth H. "Libby" Mitchell (born Elizabeth Anne Harrill June 22, 1940 in South Carolina) is a former Democratic member of the Maine Senate, and the Democrat's 2010 candidate for the office of Governor of Maine. She finished in third place behind Republican Paul LePage and unenrolled lawyer Eliot Cutler.
Career.
Mitchell represented the 24th State Senate District from 2004-2010. She was also the Speaker of the Maine House of Representatives and as President of the Maine Senate (2008-2010), becoming the first woman in the United States to have held both positions. Mitchell was a member of the Maine House of Representatives from 1974 through 1984. She ran for the U.S. Senate in 1984, earning 24% of the vote against incumbent William Cohen. From 1986 to 1990, Mitchell served as director of the Maine State Housing Authority. She also ran for the U.S. Congress in the 1990 Democratic Primary, finishing third with 17% of the vote. She was again elected to the Maine State Legislature in 1990, and served through 1998. She was Speaker of the House from 1997 through 1998. In 2004, she was elected to serve Maine's 24th district in the senate, and on December 3, 2008 she was unanimously elected as Maine’s 113th Senate President.
Campaign for governor.
On August 11, 2009, it was announced in the Portland Press Herald that Mitchell had filed the paperwork to run for Governor of Maine in 2010. In the Maine Democratic Primary election on June 8, 2010, Mitchell was selected as the Democratic nominee. She faced Republican Paul LePage, and Independent candidates Eliot Cutler, Shawn Moody, and Kevin Scott.
Mitchell conceded in the gubernatorial race at 10:00 PM EST on the evening of the election. Mitchell remarked, "I will be supportive of the next governor, whoever that is" — alluding to the fact that it was still uncertain at that hour whether Cutler or LePage would win the race.
With 94% of precincts reporting on the day after the election, the "Bangor Daily News" declared LePage the winner, carrying 38.1% of the votes. Cutler was in second place with 36.7% of the votes (less than 7,500 votes behind LePage), while Mitchell was a distant third with 19%. Moody and Scott had 5% and 1%, respectively.
Endorsements.
On June 22, 2010, Mitchell was endorsed by the Maine AFL-CIO.
On June 25, 2010, Mitchell was endorsed by the Maine Education Association, which is the state's teachers' union.

</doc>
<doc id="20387294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387294" title="List of St. John Publications">
List of St. John Publications

St. John Publications was an American publishing company; the following is a list of their comic book titles. 

</doc>
<doc id="20387324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387324" title="List of Centaur Publications publications">
List of Centaur Publications publications

Centaur Publications is an American comic book company.

</doc>
<doc id="20387329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387329" title="Andrew Brown (rugby player)">
Andrew Brown (rugby player)

Andrew Brown (born 20 April 1980, Pontypool) is a Welsh rugby union player. He played for Cross Keys RFC, Newport RFC and Newport Gwent Dragons. He was released by Newport Gwent Dragons at the end of the 2010-11 season and joined Newport RFC.

</doc>
<doc id="20387333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387333" title="1984 Los Angeles Raiders season">
1984 Los Angeles Raiders season

The 1984 Los Angeles Raiders season was their 25th in the league. They failed to improve upon their previous season's output of 12–4, winning only eleven games. Despite finishing third in their division, the team qualified for the playoffs for the third consecutive season.

</doc>
<doc id="20387355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387355" title="List of Eclipse Comics publications">
List of Eclipse Comics publications

Eclipse Comics is an American comic book company.

</doc>
<doc id="20387386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387386" title="Like a Kiss that Never Ends">
Like a Kiss that Never Ends

Like a Kiss that Never Ends is an album by David Murray released on the Justin Time label. Recorded in 2000 and released in 2001 the album features performances by Murray, Andrew Cyrille, John Hicks and Ray Drummond.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Steve Loewy awarded the album 3 stars stating "While Like a Kiss That Never Ends is not pivotal in Murray's distinguished career, it nonetheless retains the high quality that has marked so much of his work.".

</doc>
<doc id="20387407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387407" title="List of AC Comics publications">
List of AC Comics publications


</doc>
<doc id="20387447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387447" title="List of Fox Feature Syndicate publications">
List of Fox Feature Syndicate publications

Fox Feature Syndicate is an American comic book company. 

</doc>
<doc id="20387448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387448" title="Turar Ryskulov">
Turar Ryskulov

Turar Ryskulov (1894—1938) — Soviet politician; the chairman of the Central Electoral Committee of the Turkestan Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic.
Turar Ryskulov was born on 26 December 1894 in East-Talgar volost of Semirechensk Province in natural boundary Besagash (now — Talgar District of Almaty Province), nationality - Kazakh. During the Soviet Revolution he founded Turkish Communist Party. He defended that all the Turkic nations should organize in one state and one communist party. His policy was rejected and his party was ordered to join Russian Communist Party. He was executed in 1938 during the Great Purge being accused of being a National Communist like Sultan Galiev. Today he is considered a national hero and honored with a large statue at the entrance of Kazakhstan Economic University in Almaty (Reph, 2008).

</doc>
<doc id="20387459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387459" title="John L. Martin">
John L. Martin

John L. Martin (born June 5, 1941, in Eagle Lake, Maine) is an American politician of the Democratic Party. Martin has been in Maine politics since his first election to the Maine House of Representatives in 1964.
Martin was a member of the Maine House of Representatives from 1964 through 1994, serving as Minority Floor Leader from 1971 through 1974. Following that he was elected Speaker of the House from 1975 through 1994. In 1992, one of his aides was convicted in a ballot tampering scandal involving two close House races. It is believed that, combined with his length of service, contributed to Maine voters approving legislative term limits in 1993.
From 1998 through 2008, Martin represented the 35th district in the Maine Senate. During that time he also served as Assistant Majority Leader.
In 2008, Martin was again elected to the House. He was defeated for re-election in 2012 by Republican Michael Nadeau. Martin stated it was due to money and negative campaiging, stating that "If you throw enough mud around, some of it’s going to stick." Financial problems, including failing to pay back loans from two government agencies for his Tamarack Inn, as well as a bankruptcy, may also have played a role in his defeat. He has not ruled out running in the future, and states he will remain involved in politics.
Family.
Martin is single.
Education.
In 1963, Martin received his BA in History/Government from the University of Maine Orono.

</doc>
<doc id="20387461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387461" title="Rage On">
Rage On

Rage On is the seventh studio album released by Country Music artist Dan Seals. The Album charted at number 6 on the Top Country Albums chart, his second highest charting album since "Won't Be Blue Anymore" in 1985. The Singles released were "Addicted", "Big Wheels In The Moonlight", and "They Rage On"; the first two both went to Number One on Hot Country Songs and the title track peaked at number five on the same chart.
Brian Mansfield gave the album four-and-a-half stars out of five in his review for Allmusic, saying that the songs were "woven around traditional country themes while rarely resorting to country clichés."
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20387537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387537" title="List of Nodame Cantabile characters">
List of Nodame Cantabile characters

This is a list of fictional characters in the manga, live-action television, and anime series "Nodame Cantabile".
The manga is written and illustrated by Tomoko Ninomiya, and has been serialized by Kodansha in the josei (aimed at younger adult women) manga magazine "Kiss" since 2001 and collected in 22 bound volumes as of August 2009. The series is a best-seller in Japan, having sold more than 18 million copies as of February 2007, with new volumes regularly entering the best-seller lists. It received the 2004 Kodansha Manga Award for best shōjo manga.
The series has been adapted as two separate television series. First, a live-action drama broadcast in 11 episodes on Fuji TV between 16 October and 25 December 2006, followed by a two-episode sequel series in January 2008. Two live-action movies, continuing the television drama with the same actors, have been announced with an anticipated release in 2010. Second, as an anime series adapted by J.C.Staff, also produced and broadcast by Fuji TV in two seasons. The first season was broadcast in 24 episodes from 11 January to 28 June 2007, and the second season began in 8 October 2008 with broadcasts on-going. A third season has been announced to be broadcast in the fall of 2009.
Nodame Cantabile centres around aspiring conductor Shinichi Chiaki and Megumi Noda, an extremely talented pianist. As students at the Momogaoka College of Music in Japan, they have many friends with their own musical ambitions, in particular Ryutaro Mine and Masumi Okuyama, and teachers like conductor Franz von Stresemann and piano instructor Kouzou Etoh to guide them. Early on, the series focuses on the S-Orchestra, a group of maverick students chosen specifically by Stresemann, who leaves them to be conducted by Chiaki. Several notable members go on to join the Rising Star Orchestra (R☆S Orchestra) partially founded and also conducted by Chiaki; the formation of the new orchestra introduces several new colleagues for Chiaki, including violinist Kiyora Miki and oboe player Yasunori Kuroki. When Chiaki and Nodame move to Paris to launch Chiaki's career as a professional conductor and for Nodame to continue her studies as a pianist, they find new friends and rivals, as well as remaining in contact with their friends from Japan. Along with the Conservatoire students, Tanya, Franck, and Yunlong, who share the same boarding house as Nodame and Chiaki, they meet famed musicians, like Son Rui, and conductor Jean Donnedieu.

</doc>
<doc id="20387571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387571" title="Arnold Jürgensen">
Arnold Jürgensen

Arnold Jürgensen (17 March 1910 — 23 December 1944) was a Sturmbannführer (Major), in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Arnold Jürgensen was born in Tellingstedt, Holstein on the 17 March 1910.
He was an early member of the NSDAP (party number 585 285) and the SS (service number 25 884).
He served in the Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler, during the Anschluss of Austria and the occupation of the Sudetenland.
World War II.
He served in the Balkans (Operation Marita) and the invasion of Russia (Operation Barbarossa) with the "LSSAH".
He was then transferred to the 12th SS Panzer Division Hitlerjugend, and served with them during the Battle of France, where he was awarded the Knight's Cross while in command of the I.Battalion, 12th SS Panzer Regiment "Hitlerjugend".
He was killed in action at Büttgenbach on the 23 December 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="20387599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387599" title="List of Harvey Comics publications">
List of Harvey Comics publications

This is an incomplete list of comic book series published by Harvey Comics. Click on individual links for information about each series.

</doc>
<doc id="20387641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387641" title="List of Pacific Comics publications">
List of Pacific Comics publications

Other.
In addition, Pacific Comics published some titles under the name of their parent company, Blue Dolphin Enterprises. These included:
Schanes & Schanes was the name used for their printing of art portfolios and autographed prints, all designed and distributed from the Pacific Comics warehouse.

</doc>
<doc id="20387645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387645" title="Concerted cultivation">
Concerted cultivation

Concerted cultivation is a style of parenting that is marked by a parent's attempts to foster their child's talents by incorporating organized activities in their children's lives. This parenting style is commonly exhibited in middle and upper class American families, and is also characterized by consciously developing language use and ability to interact with social institutions. Many have attributed cultural benefits to this form of child-rearing due to the style's use in higher income families, conversely affecting the social habitus of children raised in such a manner. A child that has been concertedly cultivated will often express greater social prowess in social situations involving formality or structure attributed to their increased experience and engagement in organized clubs, sports, musical groups as well as increased experience with adults and power structure. While this pattern of child rearing holds no innate positive qualities, it has been linked to an increase in financial and academic success. 
Negative considerations have included an overburdened sense of entitlement, potentially disrespectful behavior toward authority figures, lack of creativity, and the psychosomatic inability to play or relax. As a result, advocates of Slow parenting prefer less management of childhood activities. None of these effects can be considered without broader cultural and economic considerations. 
Concerted cultivation also emphasizes the use of reasoning skills and variations in language use. Parents start to encourage their children to learn how to speak with adults so that they become comfortable and understand the importance of eye contact and speaking properly at an earlier age. According to Lareau, with these type of experiences, middle class parents try to pursue the concerted cultivation approach. They also try to promote a sense of entitlement in their children, middle class children get use to and they learn to see adults as their equals. 
Concerted cultivation causes a "transmission of differential advantages," meaning they end up having a financial and educational advantage in life over children reared based on other methods. Children who are reared using the concerted cultivation method are set apart in academic environments, such as college campuses, and they also learn to have more confidence when confronted with social interactions.
Children start to form a certain sense of entitlement because of their early comfort interacting with adults. Children also become more comfortable questioning adults, and it is easier for them to see themselves as equals. With concerted cultivation, the practices often infiltrate into the family life. Frequent gatherings provide opportunities for further cultivation such as eating at the dinner table together.
Structured activities.
American middle class parents engage in concerted cultivation parenting by attempting to foster children's talents through organized leisure activities, which teach them to respect authority and how to interact in a structured environment. Learning how to interact in a structured environment much like a classroom gives students a head start in school because they are identified as intelligent or 'good' students. Other aspects of concerted cultivation include emphasis on reasoning skills and language use. Parents challenge their children to think critically and to speak properly and frequently, especially when interacting with adults. These skills also set the child apart in academic settings as well as give them confidence in social situations. By learning these traits, they are advancing themselves in their surroundings. Another difference is the involvement parents have in their children's lives. Parents are much more involved in following their children's academic progression. Through this process children from a concerted cultivation upbringing will feel more entitled in their academic endeavors and will feel more responsible because they know that their parents are highly involved. This sense of entitlement becomes important in institutional settings because American middle class children question adults and consider them relative equals.
Parenting practices.
In social stratification (a specific area of study in sociology) different parenting practices lead children to have different upbringings. Differences in child rearing are identified and associated with different social classes. 
The two types of child rearing that are introduced by Dr. Annette Lareau (sociologist and professor at the University of Pennsylvania) are concerted cultivation and natural growth. Concerted cultivation parenting is associated with those parents who have traditionally white collar jobs and those considered to be part of the middle class. Natural growth parenting is associated with blue collar workers of the working class. Parenting practices do not apply exclusively to social classes, but they are highly correlated. She claims that the only defining factor as to how a child is raised is the amount of money that his or her parents have. There is not a complete correlation between money and child rearing practices; however, wealth and income are the most significant defining factors as to which child-rearing practice will be used.
Critical Overview.
The techniques of child rearing that a parent uses when raising a child ultimately have a great effect on the child and how he or she develops. The difference between the two types presented by Annette Lareau is that concerted cultivation will in most cases provide a child with skills and advantages over natural growth children in the classroom and eventually in their careers. This is where parenting practices play into a larger social inequality issue. Social inequality results from a lack of educational and employment opportunities as well as the lower social status for the poor. This creates various difficulties for the poor and there are fewer opportunities to provide attentive care for their children. The natural growth parenting style arises under these disadvantaged circumstances. Natural growth is then perpetuated because these children will not be as well suited for the work force, and therefore, will make less money, and will most likely not be able to give their children a concerted cultivation upbringing. The critical issue is the difference in opportunities. Children of concerted cultivation, along with their upbringing, are typically provided with connections from their parents, friends, and activities that give them a step up in life. These advantages are perpetuated and inequality continues to exist.
Natural Growth.
Parents in the working class (and typically with lower incomes) engage their children in the accomplishment of natural growth. Children usually have more unstructured time and therefore create their own activities to occupy themselves. This environment does not prepare children to survive in settings that are very structured, such as schools. In working class households, the parents have less time to spend with children and do not have the money to hire help. Accompanying the strain on time, working class parents are left with less time to get involved with their children's schooling and activities, therefore they leave this up to the professionals. The parents do not do this on purpose but frequently have jobs that are less lenient with their hours and they have difficulties making it to meetings with teachers. This frequently leaves parents frustrated with a feeling of powerlessness and the children do not receive the sense of entitlement and support that comes with concerted cultivation. Having less time outside of jobs can also lead to less congruency between parents in their child-rearing practices. Having less consistency can cause the child to become more inhibited and reserved.
However, Natural Growth is comparable to Slow parenting, advocated by well-informed and financially stable parents who wish their children to be more independent and imaginative.
Race Differences in Parenting.
Though there is evidence that race is linked to class, in parenting, race has a much lesser impact on a child's development than social class. Social class, wealth, and income have a much more of an effect on what child rearing practices will be used, rather than the race of the parents or children. The correlation between race and social class comes from the perpetuated inequality in the distribution of wealth in America. The lack of money is the defining factor in the style of child rearing that is chosen, and minorities are more likely to have less wealth or assets available for use in their children's upbringing. Wealth and connections among middle class parents also defines how these children enter the labor market, with or without help in finding jobs.
Inequality.
Inequality exists in the opportunities that lead to different child-rearing practices but they also cause many other differences, such as the quality of schools, as a result of differences in wealth, income, and assets. The schools in the wealthier neighborhoods have more money to hire better teachers, staff, and materials that improve education. In addition to having better teaching and materials, the schools have more money to make renovations, have a better appearance, and the children develop a sense of confidence and entitlement because they feel that they are learning in an environment of excellence. The quality of the parents work life varies dramatically as well, and this plays into how much time and energy parents have to spend engaging their children. If inequality was not such a powerful force in America, resources, funds, and schools would be distributed more evenly.

</doc>
<doc id="20387662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387662" title="Who Do I Choose?">
Who Do I Choose?


</doc>
<doc id="20387676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387676" title="List of Nodame Cantabile episodes">
List of Nodame Cantabile episodes

The following is the list of episodes for the ongoing Japanese anime series "Nodame Cantabile". The television series was adapted from the manga written and illustrated by Tomoko Ninomiya, which has been serialized by Kodansha in the biweekly josei (aimed at younger adult women) manga magazine "Kiss" since January 2001, with publication ongoing, and collected in 21 bound volumes as of August 2008. It received the 2004 Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo manga, and is licensed in North America by Del Rey Manga, in France by Pika Édition, in Thailand by NED Comics, in Indonesia by Elex Media Komputindo, and in Taiwan by Tong Li Comics.
The series was animated by J.C.Staff and produced by Fuji TV, comprising three seasons to date, with an original video animation (OVA) released 10 August 2009. The first season, called just "Nodame Cantabile", was directed by Kenichi Kasai and the second season, called "Nodame Cantabile: Paris Chapter", by Chiaki Kon. Both seasons starred Ayako Kawasumi as Megumi "Nodame" Noda and Tomokazu Seki as Shinichi Chiaki. Several works of classical music were featured in each episode under the musical direction of Suguru Matsutani. The orchestral music was performed by Nodame Orchestra, which consisted of members specially selected for the live-action drama of "Nodame Cantabile", with professional support from the Tokyo Metropolitan Symphony Orchestra. The opening theme of season one was "Allegro Cantabile" by Suemitsu & The Suemith, and the ending themes were "Konna ni Chikaku de..." by Crystal Kay (episodes 1–12), "Sagittarius" by Suemitsu & the Nodame Orchestra (episodes 13–22), and "Allegro Cantabile" by Suemitsu & The Suemith (episode 23). The opening theme for the second season was "Sky High" by The Gospellers (with melody taken from the Third movement (Allegro scherzando) of Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2), and the ending theme was by Emiri Miyamoto x solita (with variations on the theme from Ravel's "Boléro"). The opening theme for season three was "Manazashi ☆ Daydream" by Yuu Sakai, and the ending theme was "Kaze to Oka no Ballad" by Real Paradis with Nodame Orchestra.
The series aired on Fuji TV and associated stations in the Noitamina time slot. The first season was broadcast in 23 episodes from 11 January to 28 June 2007, and the second season was broadcast in 11 episodes from 8 October 2008 to 18 December 2008. The opening episode of season one broke the record for audience share for its time-slot.
The first season was released on 8 DVDs between April and November 2007. The first DVD volume debuted at number 3 on the Oricon chart for anime the week it went on sale. A box set was released in February 2008 with an additional 15-minute original video animation (OVA), taking place between episodes 8 and 9. An English Dub of this Series is being aired all over Asia on Animax Asia since July 7, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20387690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387690" title="Ndubuisi Egbo">
Ndubuisi Egbo

Club career.
Egbo previously played for NITEL Lagos, NEPA Lagos and Julius Berger F.C. in the Nigeria Premier League, for Moroka Swallows in the South African Premier Soccer League, for El-Masry in the Egyptian Premier League, and for KF Tirana and KS Bylis in the Albanian Superliga.
International career.
Egbo has made several appearances for the full Nigeria national football team. He was a member of the Nigeria squad at the 2002 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="20387732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387732" title="Kazakh Economic University">
Kazakh Economic University

Kazakh Economic University is an educational institution in Kazakhstan, which focuses on teaching economics.

</doc>
<doc id="20387750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387750" title="Give2Asia">
Give2Asia

Give2Asia is a diaspora giving organization founded in 2001 by The Asia Foundation to serve as a funding channel for diaspora philanthropy from the United States of America to many Asian countries. It is based in San Francisco, CA. Currently, Give2Asia has a presence in 21 countries throughout Asia.
Give2Asia works mostly with individuals, families, foundations and corporations to establish a social responsibility and philanthropy presence in Asia. As of April 2008, the organization claimed to serve over 3,000 donors giving approximately $82 million in donation aid. The philanthropic organization also allows control over the endowment process, giving corporations the opportunity to structure their donations and to decide how, where, and over what time periods the endowments are dispersed. Though known as an innovative institution in assisting the mechanism of diaspora giving, its aid in the transition of the diasporic community to truly strategic philanthropy remains suspect.
Organization.
The organizational structure of Give2Asia is a corporate hierarchy with 5 board officials and 22 members on the board of trustees as well as a 12 staff based in San Francisco, CA and three staff based in Beijing, China. The San Francisco-based staff is further broken down to CEO, CFO, Director of Philanthropy, Director of Programs, Director of Marketing, Program Officers, Finance Associate, Senior Program Officers, and Program Associates. Bill S. Kim currently serves as chairman of the board, having received the nomination in October 2007.
Breakdown of Aid.
In its FY2009 annual report, Give2Asia's documented donation percentages showed that one third of Give2Asia's funding goes to China and another third goes to India. Another quarter of total funding went to Southeast Asia, with the remaining funding going to Central Asia, Japan, Korea and Australia.
A majority of Give2Asia's donations go to healthcare and education projects, with moderate donations in disaster relief, social services, and women's issues decreasing respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20387771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387771" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Accomack County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Accomack County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Accomack County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20387822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387822" title="Coastal Conservation Coalition">
Coastal Conservation Coalition

The Coastal Conservation Association is a grassroots, non-profit, social movement organization of salt water anglers from 17 coastal states spanning the Gulf of Mexico, Atlantic, and Pacific coasts. The CCA is primarily concerned with the restoration and conservation of coastal marine resources. It operates on all three governmental tiers, on national, state, and local levels.
History.
The Coastal Conservation Association was formed in 1977 as the Gulf Coast Anglers Association, through the efforts of 14 anglers, in reaction to commercial over-fishing of redfish and speckled trout populations in Texas. The spread of the CCA still continues, with both Washington and Oregon forming chapters in 2007, linking all of the 17 Continental United States' coastal states. Today, it is the largest marine conservation group of its kind. 
Organization.
The CCA has 206 chapters in 17 coastal states with a membership of over 100,000 people. The CCA functions as a bottom up enterprise, focusing on the grassroots level of local politics and traveling up all the way through national levels of government.
The CCA has 100,000 members in 206 chapters throughout the 17 local states. It has more than 80 state and national committees, 150 national board directors and over 900 board members. CCA currently retains approximately 17 state and national lobbyists.
Mission Statement.
"The stated purpose of the CCA is to advise and educate the public on conservation of marine resources. The objective of the CCA is to conserve, promote, and enhance the present and future availability of these coastal resources for the benefit and enjoyment of the general public."

</doc>
<doc id="20387825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387825" title="Tunes for a Small Harmonica">
Tunes for a Small Harmonica

Tunes for a Small Harmonica is a novel by Barbera Wersba about an adolescent tomboy named J.F. McAllister. It was originally published by Dell Publishing but was then reprinted by Harper and Row publishing.
Plot.
J.F. receives a harmonica from friend for her birthday and ends up learning to play it. She becomes quite good and this skill becomes useful after she ends up falling in love with her poetry teacher and then decides to try to raise $1000 to help her teacher to be able to return to England to finish his Master's thesis.

</doc>
<doc id="20387830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387830" title="Hong Kong Paradise">
Hong Kong Paradise


</doc>
<doc id="20387831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387831" title="1984 New Orleans Saints season">
1984 New Orleans Saints season

The 1984 New Orleans Saints season was the team's 18th as a member of the National Football League. They were unable to improve on their previous season's output of 8–8, winning only seven games. The team failed to qualify for the playoffs for the eighteenth consecutive season.

</doc>
<doc id="20387837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387837" title="VDA 6.1">
VDA 6.1

VDA 6.1 is a German quality management system standard. It was initiated by the automobile industry. The first VDA standard was for the exchange of surface models, and was named "VDA-FS". It has been superseded along the way, by a subset of the "Initial Graphics Exchange Specification" (IGES); referred to, simply, as "VDA". Aside from this exchange standard, VDA also developed "VDA-PS", a library standard for standard parts, now known as "DIN 66304".
Based on ISO 9001:1994, the quality management system includes all elements of QS-9000, with an additional four requirements specific to VDA 6.1 as follows:
The VDA standard is broken into two parts:
Any company seeking certification must achieve at least 90 percent compliance in a formal quality audit.
Sanctioned interpretations of VDA 6.1 are available, clarifying some of the elements, so as to assist companies and registrars to understand the requirements better. There are also a number of other manuals, which must be read in conjunction with the VDA 6.1 manual, and is aimed at facilitating better understanding of what is required.
More elaborated versions of this standard are VDA 6.2 and VDA 6.4.

</doc>
<doc id="20387866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387866" title="Lycka">
Lycka

Lycka is a 1970 album released by folk/rock duo Björn Ulvaeus & Benny Andersson, who later became the male half of ABBA. Most of the songs feature lead vocals by Björn. The songs show the influence of Brian Wilson, "Ticket to Ride"-era Beatles and traditional Swedish folk music.
2006 re-issue track listing.
A 2006 re-release contained the following additional tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="20387885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387885" title="Dataquest">
Dataquest

Dataquest is an Indian magazine focused on Information technology related articles. A fortnightly, "Dataquest" is published by Cyber Media India Ltd, South Asia's largest specialty media group. It was one of the first publications to champion energy/green issues and the application of IT in governance. The magazine runs two special sections on these two areas: Green IT and eGovernance.

</doc>
<doc id="20387925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387925" title="The Immigrants">
The Immigrants

The Immigrants (1977) is a historical novel written by Howard Fast. Set in San Francisco during the early 20th Century, it tells the story of Daniel Lavette, a self described "roughneck" who rises from the ashes of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and becomes one of the most successful and dominating figures in San Francisco. The book hit number 5 on the "New York Times" adult best seller list on November 6, 1977.
Plot summary.
Born on the voyage to America to his Italian father and French-born mother, Daniel Lavette grows up helping his father on a fishing boat. Tragedy strikes early one morning, however, when Dan wakes early to prepare the boat. The great San Francisco earthquake destroys vast swathes of the city including the small apartment where his parents where sleeping. Following a traumatic three days spent ferrying passengers across the bay to Oakland, he is taken in by friends of his father. The two immigrant families of Italian and Jewish origin use the money earned from the ferrying to start a financial empire and a bank, the Bank of Sonoma.
Although Dan Lavette becomes quite rich, he does not stop. He wants to become multimillionaire and has many ideas in mind. He is an entrepreneur and seeks to find his place among the rich businessmen on Nob Hill. He asks for a loan from the larger Seldon Bank in San Francisco, but the owner declines it. During that meeting, Dan meets Jean, the exquisitely beautiful daughter of the owner, and both are smitten with each other. Soon after, they are married, against the will of Jean's mother, who is very segregationist and looks down on immigrants and those of poor pedigree.
Dan Lavette grows increasingly wealthy, but his happiness is short-lived. After they have two children, Jean ceases to love him and grows cold to his advances. Dan hired a Chinese bookkeeper, Feng Wo, to assist him at the start of his business dealings, but only receives an invitation for dinner at Wo’s house after several years. Because Jean shares her mother’s distaste for other ethnicities, Dan attends alone. At the dinner, Dan enjoys the company of Wo’s daughter, May Ling, laughing and feeling more at ease than he had since his first days with Jean. After visiting her a few times at the library where she works, Dan falls in love with May Ling. They engage in an affair and they have a child together. So that she may have all of his energies to herself, May Ling wants him to divorce Jean. Dan broaches the idea to Jean, but is flatly declined as divorce is not something the Seldon family participates in. Even after she discovers the affair and has trysts of her own, she will not divorce him and holds onto the marriage as a ploy for leverage. 
The empire Dan started with his friend, Mark Levy, of the his fishing boats and Levy’s goods store, continues to grow. The Levy and Lavette Company (later L&L Shipping) get into the business of shipping bulk cargo and profit from assisting the Allied cause during the shipping explosion needed during World War I. Sensing the end of the war, Dan convinces Mark to sell the cargo ships. Doing so before the cargo market collapses, the company greatly profits and uses the money to start to a classy department store. Adding to this, the pair diversify by adding luxury cruise liners and building a hotel on Waikiki Beach. They also begin one of the first airlines of the west coast. Impressed with the raging stock market of the late 1920s, the duo issue shares to list their company on the exchange and begin playing the market on margin. This fiscal bubble soon bursts in the crash of 1929 that begins the Great Depression. Many banks close, including The Bank of Sonoma, started by his lifelong Italian friend with the proceeds of the earthquake ferry service. Unable to honor his deposits due to the bank run, his friend dies a heart attack. His Jewish compatriot and business partner, Levy, also dies soon after hearing of his daughters death. Following this tragic news, Dan grows sullen. When May Ling gives him an ultimatum to divorce Jean or lose her and his son, Dan cannot act and May Ling moves to Los Angeles. As the heir to and subsequent chairwoman of the Seldon Bank, Jean calls the loans that are keep Levy and Lavette afloat. Although Jean offers him a position as head of the remnant of the company, Dan cannot accept her handout and refuses. Jean grants his request for a divorce and he signs away his share of their communal assets. Bereft of all his money and torn inside by the emotional destruction of his world, Dan wanders the streets as a vagabond in search of work and even spends three months in prison after fighting off some muggers. When a former employee and boat owner gives him a meal and a job, Dan returns to his first love as a fisherman. Having finally grown up, Dan rises from the depths of his humiliation to seek out May Ling. Venturing to Los Angeles, he meets May Ling and they are finally married. At the close of the story, Dan and Jean’s daughter visits and begins rekindling a relationship with her father.

</doc>
<doc id="20387936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20387936" title="Sveti Duh, Škofja Loka">
Sveti Duh, Škofja Loka

Sveti Duh (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The church in the centre of the village is dedicated to the Holy Spirit. It is Gothic in its origins with the original sanctuary surviving, but was largely rebuilt in 1856. Some 15th-century frescos survive in the sanctuary and the belfry is from the 17th century. The high altar is from 1667, but was extensively renovated and repainted in 1860, when the two side altars were also made.

</doc>
<doc id="20388002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388002" title="Norland Place School">
Norland Place School

Norland Place School is a coeducational independent school for boys aged 4–8 and girls aged 4–11. It is situated in the Holland Park area of London, and was founded in 1876 by Miss Emily Lord.
Famous pupils.
Notable former pupils include:

</doc>
<doc id="20388077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388077" title="John Gorman (radio)">
John Gorman (radio)

John Gorman is a radio personality and author from Cleveland, Ohio. He has a long history in media, but most notable is his 13 years at WMMS in Cleveland. In the 1970s, his innovative marketing of WMMS turned a nearly defunct station into one of the most popular in the United States. The station became legendary in promoting local and upcoming talent to the national spotlight. It was his ability to recognize, develop, and motivate talent that made WMMS the legend it became. He also had an uncanny ability, as did the rest of the WMMS staff, to stay in touch with the listening public and his programming reflected this. He knew good music when he heard it, trusted his staff when they made music add recommendations and found a way to make almost any flavor of music fit the wide open WMMS format calling it all Rock and Roll. His efforts earned him various industry awards and acknowledgments.
In 2007, Gorman published his first book, "The Buzzard: Inside The Glory Days of WMMS and Cleveland Rock Radio".
Early years.
John Gorman was born and raised in Boston, Massachusetts. At 12 years of age he began operating a private radio station out of his family's attic. His father eventually pulled the plug on his broadcasts but that didn't discourage Gorman. As a teenager he worked in the commercial radio industry as a programming assistant, music director, and talk show producer where he remained until his move to Cleveland in 1973.
Awards and achievements.
Gorman was awarded "The Radio Consultant of The Year" (1985) at the Annual Pop Music Convention. He was also named "Operations Director of The Year" by Billboard (magazine) in 1995. In 2006, he received the Perseverance award from the Cleveland Entertainment Coalition.
In 2000, his outstanding achievements earned him a respected place in the Broadcaster's Hall of Fame following such prominent inductees as Herb Score, Alan Freed and Grandpa Jones. Gorman was also inducted into the Cleveland Association of Broadcaster' Hall of Fame in April 2008.
Bibliography.
Gorman, John (2007). "The Buzzard: Inside the Glory Days of WMMS and Cleveland Rock Radio—A Memoir". Cleveland, OH: Gray & Company, Publishers. ISBN 978-1-59851-051-5

</doc>
<doc id="20388135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388135" title="Feeder bluff">
Feeder bluff

The geomorphological term feeder bluff is not a standard, widely accepted geologic term; its use has been limited to the Puget Sound region. The concept was apparently first discussed at Western Washington University. The term feeder bluff has been applied to certain coastal cliffs or headlands that provide sediment to beaches down current as the result of wave action on the bluff. 
A bluff will be more susceptible to erosion if the sediment is unconsolidated, and more resistant in crystalline rocks, like granite. Rocks that are heavily fractured are also very likely to suffer from erosion because the water can flow between the cracks to speed up the process. A bluff will retreat towards land as the erosion processes continue.
The term has not been extensively researched; specific criteria have not been developed to distinguish "feeder bluffs" from other types of bluffs; and quantities and rates of sediment supply to beaches and the littoral drift are unspecified and unknown. The overall contribution of "feeder bluffs" to beach processes, unlike the well-researched effects of sediment from rivers, is still undetermined.

</doc>
<doc id="20388216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388216" title="My Soul Is Slashed">
My Soul Is Slashed

Plot.
After the complete destruction of Count Dracula his HIV infected blood arrives in Japan, where a young scientist who is researching vampires hides it in a hospital for later experiments.
At the same time Shutaro Ishikawa (played by Ken Ogata) who works for a pharmaceutical company discovers a scandal, but is killed before he can make it public. In the hospital he accidentally receives some of Dracula's blood. The young scientist tells the daughter of Shutaro (played by Hikari Ishida) to drop blood on his ashes to let him revive.
One year later Shutaro is reborn as a vampire. After some familiarization with his situation and help from his daughter and the scientist his goal is to avenge his murder by feasting on the necks of the strong and virile, rapidly spreading HIV.
Reception.
Hikari Ishida won 7 awards for Best New Actress: Japan Academy Awards, Blue Ribbon Awards, Hochi Film Awards, Kinema Junpo Awards, Mainichi Film Concours, Nikkan Sports Film Award, Yokohama Film Festival.
Ken Ogata was nominated as Best Actor for the 1992 Japan Academy Award, but did not win.

</doc>
<doc id="20388224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388224" title="Blue Cave (Kastellorizo)">
Blue Cave (Kastellorizo)

Blue Cave is the most celebrated attraction of the Greek island of Kastellorizo. The cave lies on the SE coast of the island, and is named by the inhabitants "phokialí" (Greek for "seal's refuge"). Being 40–50 m long, 25–30 m wide, and 20–25 m high, it is much larger than the world famous Grotta Azzurra on Capri, Italy. The light of the sun, refracted through the sea, is reflected in the interior of the Grotto, thereby producing a dazzling blue colour. The Cave can be visited only by boat and, since the entrance is barely one metre high above sea level, only under calm sea conditions: the best time of the day to visit is early in the morning, when the sun is still low.

</doc>
<doc id="20388249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388249" title="InfoCom Corporation">
InfoCom Corporation

InfoCom Corporation was a Web hosting service company founded by five brothers in 1992. It was initially based in Dallas, Texas, and before its dissolution it was based in Richardson, Texas.
At its peak, it hosted approximately 500 mostly Arab websites. The company hosted the domain .iq for the country of Iraq. The company hosted websites for Muslim organizations in the United States, including the Holy Land Foundation for Relief and Development, the Islamic Association for Palestine, the Islamic Society of North America, and the Muslim Students Association. The company also hosted websites for entities abroad, including the Qatari television station Al Jazeera, the Qatari newspaper al-Sharq, and Berzeit (Palestinian University of the West Bank).
InfoCom Corporation achieved notoriety for its connections with terrorist organizations Al Qaeda and Hamas and with the Holy Land Foundation for Relief and Development. The former owners have been convicted of a multitude of charges involving funneling money to and doing business with terrorist organizations. Ghassan Elashi, in particular, was the chairman of the Holy Land Foundation.
The company was convicted of doing business with terrorist groups. The corporation, already defunct, was sentenced to two years probation. Ihsan Elashi and the company itself remain on the U.S. Department of Commerce's Denied Persons List, with an expiration date of June 29, 2056; the list gives Ihsan Elashi's current address as FCI Seagoville.

</doc>
<doc id="20388266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388266" title="Heretaunga (New Zealand electorate)">
Heretaunga (New Zealand electorate)

Heretaunga is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate, in the city of Upper Hutt.
Population centres.
The electorate was urban, and was based on Heretaunga a suburb of Upper Hutt in the northern Hutt Valley.
History.
The electorate was created in 1954, and lasted to 1996, with the introduction of MMP.
Up to 1990 when it was won by Peter McCardle for National, Heretaunga had been held by Labour. In 1993, McCardle held the seat against a challenge from Labour candidate Heather Simpson (who went on to be Helen Clark's Chief of Staff, known as H2 - Clark was H1). Then McCardle left National and joined New Zealand First.
Members of Parliament.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="20388307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388307" title="List of Virgin Comics publications">
List of Virgin Comics publications

Virgin Comics is a comic book publisher.
Virgin divide their output into a number of different lines which focus on topics derived from Indian mythology (Shakti), work with film directors (Director's Cut) and with other notable individuals (Virgin Voices).

</doc>
<doc id="20388309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388309" title="PickupPal">
PickupPal

PickupPal Online Incorporated is a free online ridesharing service, that allows its members to coordinate carpooling and ridesharing activities around the world.
History.
PickupPal was founded in 2007 by John Stewart and Eric Dewhirst in Ontario, Canada. The idea was to create an online community that would leverage social networking tools in an effort to assist drivers and passengers to find each other online. The website was launched on January 15, 2008. PickupPal's competitors include Zimride and GoLoco.org. [http://online.wsj.com/article/SB123915473346099771.html]
Legal challenges.
In July 2008 Trentway-Wagar, a regional bus company requested that the Ontario Highway Transportation Board (OHTB) order PickupPal to cease providing service within Ontario. PickupPal launched an online petition to lobby the Ontario Provincial Government to have the definition of a carpool vehicle amended to all carpool vehicles to cross municipal boundaries and that the restriction that all travel be limited to home and work exclusively. On October 15. 2008 PickupPal and Trentway-Wagar defended their positions before the OHTB and subsequently on November 6, 2008 the OHTB found in favor of Trentway-Wagar. On October 28, 2008 the Minister of Transportation tabled an amendment to the definition of a carpool vehicle that would allow operations like PickupPal to continue to operate in the province.[http://www.thestar.com/News/Ontario/article/526516]
As of 2009 the Ontario government voted in favour of Bill 118 which amends the Public Vehicle Act to not include carpool vehicles. [http://www.ontla.on.ca/web/bills/bills_detail.do?locale=en&BillID=2099]

</doc>
<doc id="20388314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388314" title="No Worries on the Recruit Front">
No Worries on the Recruit Front


</doc>
<doc id="20388328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388328" title="Akim">
Akim

An akim (; ; ) is the head of a local government in Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan.
Definitions.
Baharul Islam.
In Kazakhstan, an "akim" (mayor) is the head of an "akimat", a municipal, district, or provincial government ("mayorat"), and serves as the Presidential representative.
The word "Akim" is derived from the Arabic word "حاكم" which means a Ruler or a Governor. 
"Akims" of provinces and cities are appointed to the post by the President on the advice of the Prime Minister.
"Akims" of other administrative and territorial units are appointed or selected to the post in an order defined by the President. He may also dismiss akims from their posts. Powers of akims ends with the introduction into the post of new-elected president of the republic. Thus, the akim continues to fulfill the duties before appointment of corresponding akim by the President of Kazakhstan.
Kyrgyzstan.
In Kyrgyzstan, an "akim" is a head of an "akimat" (state regional administration).

</doc>
<doc id="20388383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388383" title="Astarsa">
Astarsa

Astilleros Argentinos Río de La Plata S.A. (ASTARSA, which can be roughly translated as "Argentine Shipyards of the River Plate") was an argentinian shipyard. Its core business was built and repair of ships and locomotives. It also manufactured pipes, industrial machinery, and tractors. It went out of business in the 1990s.
History.
In the 1920s the "Sociedad Colectiva Hansen y Pucchini", predecessor of ASTARSA, was founded. The first ship over 1000 tons 
launched in Argentina was built by ASTARSA for Yacimientos Petrolíferos Fiscales (YPF).
The shipyard was located in the city of Tigre, north of Greater Buenos Aires, on the Luján River. It had a peak of 1500 naval and metallurgic workers.
ASTARSA acted as sub-contractor for General Motors Inter-America Corp. Astarsa's main line of business was shipbuilding. Shortly before its involvement with GM, the company also acted as subcontractor for Werkspoor and Alsthom (1966–1971), in addition to doing major repairs to diesel (and steam!) locomotives for the Ferrocarriles Argentinos. In 1994 the company ceased operations, abandoning locomotives (new and under repair) within its shop. By 1997, the company declared bankruptcy and the shop was in the process of being sold by 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20388421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388421" title="Valterski Vrh">
Valterski Vrh

Valterski Vrh () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The church in the settlement is dedicated to Saints Phillip and James. It is Late Gothic with a star vaulted sanctuary. Frescos in the sanctuary are by Jernej of Loka and date to soon after 1534. There is a fresco of Saint Christopher on the south external wall that was restored in 2004. The main altar dates to 1668 and the side altars are from 1648 and 1838

</doc>
<doc id="20388454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388454" title="Evangelical Ministries to New Religions">
Evangelical Ministries to New Religions

Evangelical Ministries to New Religions, often abbreviated as EMNR, is a coalition of Christian countercult organizations.
Purpose and activities.
The organization brings together groups and individuals who evangelize to members of new religious movements (NRMs) and seeks legitimacy and accountability for the countercult movement. Gordon Lewis, one of the group's founders, defines a cult as a "religious group which claims authorization by Christ and the Bible, but neglects or distorts the gospel". EMNR aims to consolidate much of the scattered countercult movement and establish a standard for evangelizing to those movements they see as non-Christian or threatening to traditional Protestant Christianity.
EMNR holds conferences about pertinent issues, publishes relevant materials, encourages networking between member groups, and makes recommendations of helpful agencies and materials that meet its standards.
Organization.
EMNR's National Conference for 2009 will be held in Kansas City, Missouri the first week of March. Its current president is L.L. (Don) Veinot, Jr., who also serves as president of the evangelical support group Midwest Christian Outreach. A full list of the organization's current members can be found here.
History.
Formation.
The countercult movement has long been divided over its goals and the tactics it should use to achieve those goals, which left the movement lacking cohesiveness. The participants in a 1982 Christian conference on cults and new religious movements voted to form a permanent anticult coalition, which they named Evangelical Ministries to Cultists. This coalition was coordinated by Gordon Lewis, a well-known figure within the countercult community. Other founders include Walter Martin, James Bjornstad, and Ronald Enroth.
The group was designed to carry out the directives established by the 1974 Lausanne Covenant, a Christian manifesto adopted by the International Congress on World Evangelization that explains and promotes active global evangelism.
Name change.
In late 1984 the group's name was officially changed to Evangelical Ministries to New Religions, after the founders realized that the original name was likely to be seen as offensive to members of new religious movements. (The term "new religious movement" has for the most part replaced the word "cult" in academic spheres; "cult" still carries a largely negative connotation and is often seen as disparaging towards the members of emerging movements.) 
MEDS.
In 1997, EMNR's Committee on Ethics (which at the time consisted of Eric Pement and Craig Branch) drafted the Manual of Ethical and Doctrinal Standards (MEDS). This document, available here, spells out the guidelines for EMNR members' expected practices in evangelism. It represents a major step in bringing cohesion to the countercult movement through the clarification of doctrine and goals, the articulation of ethical standards of conduct, and the approval of countercult material.
MEDS also represents an attempt to professionalize EMNR's sector of the countercult movement, a trend in the broader movement as well. Its warnings against falsifying credentials and embellishing pertinent stories demonstrate a desire for legitimacy and respect from serious parties on all sides.
MEDS does not explicitly define the doctrine its members should express, but the Lausanne Covenant and its sibling document the Manila Manifesto of 1989 provide a basis for the expected religious beliefs and values of EMNR's members. These documents call for public faith, fervent evangelism, and firm belief in the absolute authority of the Old and New Testaments.
Reactions.
Although EMNR is meant to unify groups within the Christian countercult movement, it does not attempt to or claim to include all those that exist. The coalition's structured standards and emphasis on accountability deter some related groups from joining, even though submitting to the EMNR's authority is essentially voluntary. Tensions between groups also contribute to a less than uniform wave to join. On a broader level, there is no consensus within the Christian community as to whether evangelism is even the right approach to take for those opposed to new religious movements.
Some analysts are critical of EMNR’s attitude toward the people it attempts to reach. Douglas Cowan, a sociologist of religion at the University of Waterloo, Ontario, points out the discrepancies between its demands for countercult activists to respect non-Christians and the loaded language with which it sometimes describes non-Christians.

</doc>
<doc id="20388492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388492" title="AsiaOne">
AsiaOne

AsiaOne is an on-line news portal property of the Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. It covers a number of topics, including news, stock markets, real estate, trade, conventions and economic statistics, and carries headlines from "The Straits Times" and "The Business Times". In July 2012, it had a global Alexa ranking of 4,671 and was ranked by Alexa as No. 20 in Singapore. In 2007 it claimed 100 million page views from six million unique visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="20388510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388510" title="59th NHK Kōhaku Uta Gassen">
59th NHK Kōhaku Uta Gassen

The , referred to from hereon as "Kōhaku", was aired on December 31, 2008 from NHK Hall in Japan. 
The music show on New Year's Eve is broadcast on both television and radio, and divides the most popular music artists of the year into competing teams of red and white. 
Performers.
The singers, announced on November 25, 2008, are ordered below according to the gojūon.
Results.
The winners were the shirogumi, the white team, making it their 4th consecutive win. The white team now leads with 31 wins over the red team with 28 wins. The table below documents the voting and points distribution:

</doc>
<doc id="20388553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388553" title="Sveti Tomaž, Škofja Loka">
Sveti Tomaž, Škofja Loka

Sveti Tomaž (; ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Sveti Tomaž" (literally, 'Saint Thomas') to "Tomaž nad Praprotnim" (literally, 'Thomas above Praprotno') in 1955. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms. The name "Sveti Tomaž" was restored in 2000. In the 19th century the German name was "Sankt Thomas".
Church.
The original church in the settlement, dedicated to Saint Thomas, was a Romanesque structure with a square nave and a rounded apse. The remains of this are still visible in the corner of the sanctuary. The surviving sanctuary is mostly Gothic, dating to around 1500. The church was rebuilt a number of times, most extensively in 1848 when three layers of frescos were revealed, the oldest dating to the early 14th century, the second layer to around 1400, and the top layer to the early 16th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20388584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388584" title="Melissa Winter">
Melissa Winter

Melissa Winter (b. November 16, 1967) was named by Barack Obama's office of presidential transition on November 24, 2008, as Deputy Chief of Staff to the First Lady.
As Mrs. Michelle Obama's first hire on the Obama presidential campaign, Winter served in several different capacities, most recently as Mrs. Obama’s Traveling Chief of Staff. Winter was born in Chicago but her family later moved to La Jolla, California. After graduating from Skidmore College, she moved to Washington, D.C. and began an 18 year stint on Capitol Hill. She worked for then Congressman Norman Mineta for seven years as his Staff Assistant and then Executive Assistant before working for Senator Joe Lieberman. Winter was Senator Lieberman’s Traveling Aide during his 2000 Vice Presidential run as well as his Director of Scheduling on his 2004 Presidential race. She also served as Senator Lieberman’s Senate Executive Assistant. She will be returning to Washington, D.C. after spending the last 22 months in Chicago working for Mrs. Obama.

</doc>
<doc id="20388612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388612" title="The Secret Invasion">
The Secret Invasion

The Secret Invasion is a 1964 Eastmancolor war film directed by Roger Corman that was filmed in Yugoslavia. In World War II, convicts are recruited by the Allies for an extremely hazardous mission.
Plot.
Criminal mastermind Rocca (Raf Vallone), demolitions expert and Irish Republican Army member Scanlon (Mickey Rooney), forger Fell (Edd Byrnes), cold-blooded murderer Durrell (Henry Silva), and thief and impersonator Saval (William Campbell) are offered pardons in exchange for attempting to rescue from captivity in German-occupied Yugoslavia an Italian general sympathetic to the Allies. They are led by Major Richard Mace (Stewart Granger), who is trying to expiate his feelings of guilt for sending his own brother on a dangerous mission and waiting too long to extricate him. The fishing boat transporting Mace's team is stopped by a patrol boat, but they dispose of the Germans.
With the assistance of local partisans led by Marko (Peter Coe), they split up and enter Dubrovnik. Durrell is partnered with Mila (Mia Massini), a recent widow with a baby. They are attracted to each other, but Durrell accidentally smothers her crying child to avoid detection by a German patrol. The team is captured and taken to the same fortress where the Italian general is being kept. They are tortured for information, but manage to escape and fulfill their mission, although Mace, Mila, Fell, Scanlon, and Saval are killed while fending off German troops.
At the last minute, Rocca and Durrell discover that the man they have freed is an impostor, and he is about to exhort "his" troops to stay loyal to the Axis. Durrell shoots the fake general, while pretending to be a Nazi fanatic, and is killed by the outraged Italians. Rocca, the last man standing, directs the Italians' anger at the Germans.

</doc>
<doc id="20388625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388625" title="Vedurupaka">
Vedurupaka

Vedurupaka is a village in Rayavaram mandal, East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh state, India located nearly 30 km away from Kakinada. This village is famous for its ancient cultural heritage and unique customs of rural India.
Local economy is mainly agrarian and the village is surrounded by lush green paddy fields. With a population of 6,000, it has produced many Vedic, Biblical and other Scholars. The name Vedurupaka comes from the great king of Mahabharata, Vidura who spent later part of his life in this village.
The village is famous for Hindu temples which were built by the king of peddapuram "Thimma gaja pathi maharaja" in the 1700AD.
Attractions.
One of the main village attractions is "Vijaya Durga Peetham" a place of worship of the Hindu goddess Durga.
The village festival of "POLERAMMA JATHARA" OR "SAMBARAM" usually takes place each May; it is a 2 day carnival of religious fervour and traditional dances. This event was supervised by the late Sri Murthineedi Venkayya Garu for 40 years. 
This village attracts visitors from many parts of the world to participate in the famous "Dasara" festivals.
The holy river "Tulyabhaga" which flows near to the village is a tributary of the river Godavari.
Nearby tourist attractions include:
Education.
This village has three Government Primary Schools along with SPPR Zilla Parishath High School.

</doc>
<doc id="20388658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388658" title="Ševlje">
Ševlje

Ševlje () is a village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20388692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388692" title="Trata, Škofja Loka">
Trata, Škofja Loka

Trata () is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20388719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388719" title="Annals of Pharmacotherapy">
Annals of Pharmacotherapy

The Annals of Pharmacotherapy is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of pharmacotherapy. The journal was established in 1967 as "Drug Intelligence". The name changed a few times during its history, to "Drug Intelligence and Clinical Pharmacy" (DICP) in 1969 and "DICP-The Annals of Pharmacotherapy" in 1989, before obtaining its current name in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20388726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388726" title="St. Hyacinth's Church, Vyborg">
St. Hyacinth's Church, Vyborg

St. Hyacinth's Church is a Gothic building, formerly a church, in Vyborg, Leningrad Oblast, Russia.
It was built in the sixteenth century as a private church for members of the nobility, and it became a Roman Catholic church, dedicated to Saint Hyacinth, in 1802.
In 1970, the neglected and disused building was restored for use as a children's art school. It is now an art gallery.
The wrought iron railings here once belonged to Vyborg Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="20388745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388745" title="Epps effect">
Epps effect

In econometrics and time series analysis, the Epps effect, named after T. W. Epps, is the phenomenon that the empirical correlation between the returns of two different stocks decreases as the sampling frequency of data increases. The phenomenon is caused by non-synchronous/asynchronous trading

</doc>
<doc id="20388788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388788" title="Trnje, Škofja Loka">
Trnje, Škofja Loka

Trnje (; ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Mass grave.
Trnje is the site of a mass grave associated with the Second World War. The Podtrn Mass Grave () is located on a path north about 300 m of the settlement. It contains the remains of seven victims believed to be Home Guard prisoners of war from nearby villages that were imprisoned at Loka Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="20388808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388808" title="Rock &amp; Roll (The Velvet Underground song)">
Rock &amp; Roll (The Velvet Underground song)

"Rock & Roll" (sometimes typed Rock 'n' Roll) is a song by the Velvet Underground, originally appearing on their 1970 album "Loaded". The song was written by the Velvet's then-leader Lou Reed, who continued to incorporate the song into his own live performances years later as a solo artist.
The song recounts the advent of rock & roll, telling the story of a girl named Jenny whose "life was saved by rock and roll.”
In the liner notes to the Velvet Underground's box set Peel Slowly And See, Lou Reed wrote, "'Rock and Roll' is about me. If I hadn't heard rock and roll on the radio, I would have had no idea there was life on this planet. Which would have been devastating - to think that everything, everywhere was like it was where I come from. That would have been profoundly discouraging. Movies didn't do it for me. TV didn't do it for me. It was the radio that did it."
The song also appears on the albums '; "Live MCMXCIII"; '; "American Poet"; "Another View"; "Rock 'n' Roll Animal"; "Live in Italy"; '.; '.
Notable covers and pop culture uses.
"Rock & Roll" has appeared in a number of films, including "A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints", "Rock 'n' Roll High School" and "SLC Punk!"
A clip of the Velvet Underground performing the song is played on completion of the Rock & Roll wonder in "Civilization IV". In addition, the quote about researching the technology "Radio," read by Leonard Nimoy, is "...then one fine morning she puts on a New York station... You know, her life was saved by rock & roll." The quote is credited to Lou Reed.
Mitch Ryder's band, Detroit, which featured Lou Reed's future guitarist Steve Hunter, performed one of the first cover versions of the song in 1971. Other artists to cover the song include the Runaways, Jane's Addiction and Phish, all of whom changed the lyrics to refer to their own city instead of Reed's New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20388815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388815" title="Albertirsa–Zakhidnoukrainskaya–Vinnytsia powerline">
Albertirsa–Zakhidnoukrainskaya–Vinnytsia powerline

The Albertirsa–Zakhidnoukrainskaya–Vinnytsia powerline is a power transmission line between Ukraine and Hungary. It is a part of the former "Mir" transmission system between the Soviet Union and Comecon countries. As of today, it is the only 750 kV-powerline in Hungary and one of the few powerlines operated with this voltage in the European Union.
History.
On 28 February 1974, the USSR, Bulgaria, Hungary, GDR, Poland and Czechoslovakia signed a cooperation agreement on construction of the 750 kV-line between Vinnytsia and Albertirsa, and substations Vinnytsia, Zakhidnoukrainskaya and Albertirsa. Construction started in 1975 and it went in service in 1979.
Since the synchronization of the power grid of Hungary with that of the synchronous grid of Continental Europe (ENTSO-E) and because of economic reasons, the powerline went out of service in 1993, but was put in service again in 2002 after some new equipment was installed.
Technical description.
The long power line connects the substation of Albertirsa in Hungary with Zakhidnoukrainskaya substation, which is situated east of Borodczyce in Ukraine. It uses as suspension pylons portal pylons. These are free-standing structures in areas, which are sometimes flooded and guyed in areas without flood-danger. As anchor pylons towers with one crossbar are used whereby the conductor is led around the pylon structure. The powerline was designed for the transmission of 2,000 MW electricity.

</doc>
<doc id="20388847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388847" title="Vešter">
Vešter

Vešter (; in older sources also "Bešter", ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Mass graves.
Vešter is the site of three known mass graves from the period immediately after the Second World War. The Gorge Mass Grave () is located in the narrowest part of the Selca Sora Valley along the road from Škofja Loka to Železniki, about 10 m east of the road. It contains the remains of six to 10 Home Guard soldiers and civilians that were released from the Loka Castle prison, and then intercepted and murdered on their way home. The Lovrec House Mass Grave (), also known as the Matjaž Valley Mass Grave (), lies below the foot of Cavrn Hill, along a path about 600 m northwest of the village of Trnje. It contains the remains of eight Home Guard soldiers that were taken from the Loka Castle prison and murdered. The abandoned and dilapidated Lovrec House () stood at the site in 1945. The Cavrn Mass Grave () is located below the foot of Cavrn Hill near a former Partisan bunker. It contains the remains of eight Home Guard soldiers that were taken from the Loka Castle prison and murdered.

</doc>
<doc id="20388866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388866" title="Emily Ward">
Emily Ward

Emily Mary Jane Ward, née Lord (August 13, 1850 – June 15, 1930), was a pioneer of childcare education. She founded several institutions including Norland Place School and, most notably, the Norland Institute.
Lord was born on 13 August 1850, in Derby, England. In her early twenties she joined Notting Hill High School as an infant teacher. Heavily influenced by the ideas of Friedrich Fröbel, she founded Norland Place School in 1876. In 1891, at the age of 40, she married Walter Cyril Ward. In 1892 she opened the Norland Institute, a training school for nanny girls and children's nurses, and in the following years steered it to a position of international respect. She died on 15 June 1930, in Bognor.

</doc>
<doc id="20388868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388868" title="Done with Mirrors Tour">
Done with Mirrors Tour

The Done with Mirrors Tour was a concert tour by American hard rock band Aerosmith that lasted from August 1985 to August 1986. The tour was put on in support of the band's 1985 comeback album "Done with Mirrors", released in November 1985.
Background.
This tour was the band's second tour after the reunion of the classic Aerosmith lineup in 1984. In August and September 1985, the band performed a few warm-up shows (mainly at outdoor venues in markets in which the band was strong) as a preview before their new album was released. Following the release of their comeback album, "Done with Mirrors" in November 1985, the band began the main tour in January 1986, where the band played arenas across America through August of that year. Ted Nugent was the opening act of most concerts of this leg. The tour was confined strictly to the United States, and was generally a success, with the band performing in many markets for two-night stands and even performing in large stadiums, such as Sullivan Stadium in their hometown Massachusetts. However, with the album only going gold and failing to meet commercial expectations, it was obvious that the band needed a big hit record and couldn't continue to rely on touring alone. Only months after the tour ended, the band experienced a resurgence in popularity with the successful remake of "Walk This Way" by Run-D.M.C. featuring lead singer Steven Tyler and guitarist Joe Perry. In the meantime, the band members entered drug rehabilitation and started working on their next album, the multi-platinum smash hit "Permanent Vacation" (1987).

</doc>
<doc id="20388874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388874" title="TomSym">
TomSym

The TomSym MATLAB symbolic modeling engine is a platform for modeling applied optimization and optimal control problems.
Description.
TomSym is complete modeling environment in Matlab with support for most built-in mathematical operators in Matlab. It is a combined modeling, compilation and interface to the TOMLAB solvers. The matrix derivative of a matrix function is a fourth rank tensor - that is, a matrix each of whose entries is a matrix. Rather than using four-dimensional matrices to represent this, TomSym continues to work in two dimensions. This makes it possible to take advantage of the very efficient handling of sparse matrices in Matlab, which is not available for higher-dimensional matrices.
TomSym has a variety of functions, among them:
Modeling.
The TomSym symbolic source transformation makes it possible to define any the set of decision variables (both continuous and integer) and any type of constraint as well as scalars and constant parameters.
Linear programming.
An example linear programming problem would look like this:
Mixed-integer nonlinear programming.
A MINLP problem is defined just like a linear programming problem. This example also shows how to convert the model into a general TOMLAB problem.
Multi-index modeling.
tomSym makes it possible to build models with two or more variable indices in MATLAB. The following example creates a variable 'flow' with four indices. The variable is then used to create a constraint over two of the indices and to sum the multiplication with a two-dimensional matrix.
Automatic and numerical differentiation.
For functions that cannot be interpreted by tomSym it is possible to use either automatic differentiation or numerical differentiation. In the following example a simple problem is solved using the two methods.

</doc>
<doc id="20388878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388878" title="Dora Lee Jones">
Dora Lee Jones

Dora Lee Jones was a domestic worker in early 20th-century New York. She helped to found a Domestic Workers' Union in Harlem in 1934. The Domestic Workers' Union was started by a group of Finns and a few African Americans in California, who saw the necessity for a fight against the exploitation of Negro domestics.
Purpose of a union in the early 1900s.
Creating the Domestic Workers' Union was a step towards trying to erase domestic slavery. The Union members helped send out letters to the ministers of the African-American churches where these habitués of the "slave mart" (African-American domestic workers) attended and urged them to impress upon these women the direct harm they do to themselves and others by going to these slave marts, and accepting the low wages that these heartless employers offer them.
Union in progress.
Within the union, which was located in the heart of Yorkville, 241 East 84th Street, there was a huge bulletin board onto which various items were posted. There were numerous clippings from papers, pamphlets and periodicals pertaining to the domestic situation all over the country. There were also notices of Bills to be presented, Bills that had been presented and petitions to be signed by the members of the Union. This was done so that everyone could be up to date as to what was happening as a result of their efforts and see that what they were doing was worthwhile.
The result of this union.
This domestic union led to other unions being created in other states and later it later became associated with the American Federation of Labor. Dora's action may have been seen as foolish and lacking in importance back in the early 1900s but her action and effort have helped many domestic workers to get at least the minimum wage and other benefits that they are entitled to in the same way as any other kind of worker.

</doc>
<doc id="20388902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388902" title="VDPAU">
VDPAU

VDPAU (Video Decode and Presentation API for Unix) is a non-proprietary and royalty-free open source library ("libvdpau") and API originally designed by Nvidia for its GeForce 8 series and later GPU hardware, targeted at the X Window System on Unix-Like operating systems (including Linux, FreeBSD, and Solaris). This VDPAU API allows video programs to offload portions of the video decoding process and video post-processing to the GPU video hardware.
Currently, the portions capable of being offloaded by VDPAU onto the GPU are motion compensation (mo comp), inverse discrete cosine transform (iDCT), VLD (variable-length decoding) and deblocking for , MPEG-2, MPEG-4 ASP (MPEG-4 Part 2), H.264/MPEG-4 AVC and VC-1, WMV3/WMV9 encoded videos. Which specific codecs of these that can be offloaded to the GPU depends on the generation version of the GPU hardware; specifically, to also decode MPEG-4 ASP (MPEG-4 Part 2), Xvid/OpenDivX (DivX 4), and DivX 5 formats, a GeForce 200M (2xxM) Series (the eleventh generation of Nvidia's GeForce graphics processing units) or newer GPU hardware is required.
Device drivers and video controllers implementing VDPAU.
VDPAU is implemented in X11 software device drivers, but relies on acceleration features in the hardware GPU. (Currently, only the second generation PureVideo HD bit-stream processor in some of Nvidia's GeForce 8 series and later video controller hardware work as of Beta device driver version 180.06.) Video controllers for which VDPAU is not available from the GeForce 8 series includes the 8800GTS 320/640 MB editions and the 8800GTX. Later cards based on the G9x series cores (e.g., the 8400GS and the 8800GTS 512 MiB; G92 core) work with VDPAU. Nvidia currently has no plans to introduce VPDAU for the additional existing video controller products. All video controllers for which the driver implements VDPAU are listed in Nvidia PureVideo.
S3 Graphics added VDPAU to the Linux drivers of their Chrome 400 video cards. As of version 14.02.17 of its Linux device driver, VPDAU is available with the S3 Chrome 430 GT, S3 Chrome 440 GTX, S3 Chrome 530 GT and the S3 Chrome 540 GTX hardware.
ATI/AMD released an open source driver for Radeon 4000+ graphic cards featuring VDPAU acceleration.
Intel currently does not offer VDPAU. Nvidia hopes these GPU designers will make their products compatible with the open source VDPAU library and provide drivers with VDPAU acceleration by mentioning example names of hardware specific drivers for Intel and ATI: libvdpau_intel.so and libvdpau_ati.so. Intel has stated they are considering VDPAU.
sunxi SoCs (Allwinner) have experimental VDPAU implementation.
Mesa as of v8.0 includes VDPAU for video cards that utilize Gallium3D.
Software that uses VDPAU.
VDPAU can also be used as a backend for the Video Acceleration API (VA API) which itself covers a subset of VDPAU's capabilities; so any software that uses the VA API is also partly capable of using VDPAU (e.g., VLC media player).
Nvidia VDPAU Feature Sets.
Nvidia VDPAU Feature Sets are different hardware generations of GPU's supporting different levels of (Nvidia PureVideo) hardware decoding capabilities. For feature sets A, B and C, the maximum video width and height are 2048 pixels, minimum width and height 48 pixels, and all codecs are currently limited to a maximum of 8192 macroblocks (8190 for VC-1/WMV9).
Partial acceleration means that VLD (bitstream) decoding is performed on the CPU, with the GPU only performing IDCT, motion compensation and deblocking. Complete acceleration means that the GPU performs all of VLD, IDCT, motion compensation and deblocking.
libvdpau standalone VDPAU library.
The libvdpau standalone VDPAU library is distributed by Nvidia independently of their proprietary Linux graphics driver in an effort to help the adoption of VDPAU by those outside of Nvidia. This open source library package contains a wrapper library and a debugging library allowing other manufacturers to implement VDPAU in their device drivers.

</doc>
<doc id="20388912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388912" title="Lawrance Collingwood">
Lawrance Collingwood

Lawrance Arthur Collingwood CBE (14 March 1887 – 19 December 1982) was an English conductor, composer and record producer.
Career.
Collingwood was born in London and began his musical career as a choirboy at Westminster Abbey. Around 1903 he attended High Wycombe Royal Grammar School. He studied at the Guildhall School of Music and Exeter College, Oxford (1907–1911). He went to Russia as a young man, took courses at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory with Alexander Glazunov, Wihtol, Maximilian Steinberg and Nikolai Tcherepnin, and worked for some years as assistant conductor to Albert Coates at the Saint Petersburg Opera. He also conducted at the Mariinsky Theatre. His two piano sonatas, which show the influence of Alexander Scriabin, were published there.
He returned to England after the Russian Revolution, then served as interpreter for Winston Churchill's expedition in support of White Russian forces in Northern Russia (1918–1919). Back in England, he made his mark initially as a composer: his "Symphonic Poem" was presented by the Royal College of Music and published. He conducted opera at the Old Vic and Sadler's Wells Theatre, becoming principal conductor at Sadler's Wells. His steady hand did much to establish Sadler's Wells as a viable alternative to Covent Garden. He gave early British performances of operas by Mussorgsky and Rimsky-Korsakov. His own first opera, "Macbeth", was presented there under his own direction on 12 April 1934, with Joan Cross singing Lady Macbeth. (Music from the opera had been previously played in the Queen's Hall on 10 November 1927.)
In January 1934, he conducted the London Symphony Orchestra in a recording of the Triumphal March from "Caractacus" and the "Woodland Interlude" by Sir Edward Elgar, supervised by the composer himself by telephone from his sickbed before his death a month later.
Collingwood retired from Sadler's Wells in 1946. He was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1948.
His second opera, "The Death of Tintagiles", set to Alfred Sutro's translation of Maurice Maeterlinck's drama, was premiered on 16 April 1950. His other compositions include a piano concerto and a piano quartet.
Lawrance Collingwood brought many foreign operas to the British stage for the first time. His premieres as a conductor included:
Nikolai Medtner dedicated his song "The Raven" to Lawrance Collingwood.
Collingwood died in Killin, Perthshire, Scotland on 19 December 1982, aged 95.
Record producer.
Collingwood also worked as a record producer from the days of Fred Gaisberg, and was later a colleague of Walter Legge. He was EMI's producer of Sir Thomas Beecham's recordings of the music of Frederick Delius from 1946 onwards. He also produced recordings conducted by Wilhelm Furtwängler and Herbert von Karajan, including Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau's recording of Gustav Mahler's "Lieder eines fahrenden Gesellen "(under Furtwängler), "Kindertotenlieder" and songs from "Des Knaben Wunderhorn". He produced Vittorio Gui's recording of Mozart's "The Marriage of Figaro".
Recordings.
He recorded for HMV from 1922 until 1971. His recordings include:

</doc>
<doc id="20388916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388916" title="Ján Kapko">
Ján Kapko

Club career.
Kapko mostly played for DAC Dunajská Streda. He played in this club for 8 years.
International career.
Kapko made three appearances for the full Czechoslovakia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20388931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388931" title="Waspaloy">
Waspaloy

Waspaloy is a registered trademark of United Technologies Corp that refers to an age hardening austenitic (face-centred cubic) nickel-based superalloy. Waspaloy alloy is typically used in high temperature applications, particularly in gas turbines.
Nominal composition.
Nickel 58%, chromium 19%, cobalt 13%, molybdenum 4%, titanium 3%, aluminium 1.4%
Properties.
Waspaloy is an age-hardenable, nickel-based superalloy with excellent strength properties through temperatures of roughly 980°C (1800°F). Other characteristics of Waspaloy include good corrosion resistance, as well as being relatively impervious to oxidation making it well suited for service in extreme environments.
Waspaloy has useful strength at temperatures up to 760-870°C (1400-1600°F), and good oxidation resistance in gas turbine engine atmospheres up to 870°C (1600°F). The creep rupture strength of Waspaloy is superior to that of Alloy 718 at temperatures above 620-650°C (1150-1200°F). Short time hot tensile strength is inferior to RA718 at temperatures up to 730°C (1350°F).
Uses.
Waspaloy is often encountered in extreme environments. It is common in gas turbine blades, seals, rings, shafts and turbine disks. The NIST certified reference material 1243, a standard for X-ray fluorescence spectroscopy, is made from Waspaloy.
References.
[http://www.rolledalloys.com/alloys/cobalt-alloys/waspaloy/en/] Rolled Alloys Waspaloy Technical Information

</doc>
<doc id="20388944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388944" title="An Aussie Goes Calypso">
An Aussie Goes Calypso

An Aussie Goes Calypso is an Australian reality television series which airs on the pay TV channel FOX8. The series features Australian cricket fan Gus Worland following the Australian cricket team during their 2008 tour of The West Indies.
The series is a sequel to Worland's previous series "An Aussie Goes Barmy" and "An Aussie Goes Bolly".
Its debut is on 3 December 2008.
Episode One:
Gus travels to Antigua and is given a tour of the island by his hero, Sir Vivian Richards. Gus challenges Viv to an over of cricket and ends up bowling to the "Master Blaster". Gus is tonked with a lovely hook shot (showing Viv has still "got it." Viv's friend Andrew travels with Gus to the second test at the Viv Richards stadium and the pair witness Simon Katich and Michael Clarke score centuries against a floundering West Indian attack. (Andrew is a cricket tragic, just like K.C "The Fixer" from An Aussie Goes Bolly. Gus tries his hand at goat curry, a local dish and ends up trying pigs tail (another local dish) on the request of a fellow Australian fan. He catches up with Mitchell Johnson and Stuart MacGill on the Antiguan beach. Gus tries his hand at cricket with local kids, and ends up getting bowled, second ball by a local youngster with a Lasith Malinga like slinging action. Gus talks to Stuart McGill about his upcoming retirement.
Episode Two:
Gus Worland travels to Barbados with Andrew for the nest test. Gus tries goat curry (again) and gets chest pain during the test and experiences the anger of West Indian cricket fans...

</doc>
<doc id="20388957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388957" title="Rzeszów–Khmelnytskyi powerline">
Rzeszów–Khmelnytskyi powerline

The Rzeszów–Khmelnytskyi powerline is an electrical power transmission line between Ukraine and Poland. It is the only 750 kV-powerline in Poland and one of the few of it in the European Union of this type.
History.
The decision to build this powerline was made in 1977 and it went in operation in 1985. The line went out of service after Poland joined the synchronous grid of Continental Europe (UCTE). However, there is a plan to re-activate this line after 2010 by constructing back-to-back station on the Polish end of the line. The first report on the back-to-back station was prepared already in 1995.
Technical description.
It has a length of , of which in Ukraine and in Poland. It runs from Widełka substation near Rzeszów in Poland to Khmelnitskiy Nuclear Power Plant in Ukraine. It is the AC line, which has a single circuit. It can transfer a maximum power of 1300 MVA.
As pylons guyed portal pylons are used. Strainers are from special design. They consist of three free-standing lattice towers each carrying one conductor. Each strainer tower has a crossbar at which the conductor is led around the structure on a huge insulator.
The line crosses at the 750 kV powerline from Zakhidnoukrainskaya Substation to Rivne Nuclear Power Plant, which may be the only crossing of two 750 kV powerlines in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20388974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20388974" title="Black Rock Congregational Church">
Black Rock Congregational Church

Black Rock Congregational Church is a non-denominational evangelical church located in Fairfield, Connecticut. The church was established in 1849 in the Black Rock section of Bridgeport, Connecticut, and moved to its current site in 1968. Approximately 2000 adults and children attend the church's five weekend services.
In 2007, a satellite campus in Stamford, Connecticut was established at the site of the former Long Ridge Congregational Church. The church is made up of ministry departments, and among them, several programs of teaching, outreach, service and worship. The church's ministries include Children's Ministries, Student Ministries, Adult Ministries, Outreach, Worship, Missions, Congregational Care and Spiritual Development.
History.
In the late 1840s, a group of villagers of the Black Rock section of Bridgeport, parishioners of the First Church of Christ in Fairfield, Connecticut, decided that they would build a new meeting house in Black Rock, rather than continue the three-mile weekly trip across the creek and marshland that separated the two towns. A new church was established, and its meeting house was dedicated in August 1849 at the corner of Ellsworth St. and Bartram Ave.
William Jessup Jennings served as the church's first minister. The church grew modestly through the middle of 19th century under the leadership of ministers Rev. Marinus Willett, Abram D. Baldwin, Rev. Frederick W. Williams, and Rev. Howard W. Pope. In 1881, the Rev. Henry Collins Woodruff accepted the pastorate of the church and served for 41 years, until his death in 1922. During Woodruff's tenure, a chapel was built, and upon his death, a memorial hall named for him was donated by his wife, Mary Bartram Woodruff.
The church's next pastor was Rev. Charles Haddon Spurgeon MacDowell, who introduced a new evangelical direction for the church, encouraging Bible study groups and attendance at Bible conferences and camps. MacDowell served for 21 years. In 1945, the church severed ties to the formal Congregational denomination, making Black Rock a free and independent community of believers. During this time, the church was served briefly by Reverend Leonard S. Pitcher, Dr. Howard Z. Cleveland, and Interim Pastor Reverend Harry L. Cox, who was the first missionary that the church had supported. It was also during this time the church's steeple was blown off, crashing into the roof during a strong hurricane.
In 1956, Dr. Stanley R. Allaby became pastor and began a 41-year tenure, under which the church experienced extensive growth. The church's missions program was developed further, supporting a number of missionaries financially and prayerfully with great concern. The missions program was highlighted each year with its annual Missions Conference, beginning in 1957 and continuing to this day.
It was during this time the church's attendance began to increase. As the church grew in number under the leadership of Pastor Allaby, the original church building became increasingly inadequate in size. Multiple plans for building a new church facility in Black Rock were formulated and later rejected. The church then turned to the town of Fairfield, where a six-acre piece of property was purchased adjacent to Black Rock Turnpike. The church broke ground for a new facility in 1967, and the building was dedicated the following year. The facility was later expanded and renovated as the church continued to grow into the 1980s and 90s. Under Pastor Allaby, the church's membership grew to over 800 people.
Dr. Stephen A. Treash, Associate Pastor under Pastor Allaby, accepted the senior pastorate in 1997, and is the church's current pastor. Under Pastor Treash's leadership, the church expanded the number of services to reach out to those in the community who may not normally be drawn to a traditional church, particularly young adults. The church retains a traditional worship service, but also offers services of contemporary worship and a special "next generation" format service called "Sanctuary."
In the early 21st century, the church again found itself having outgrown its existing church facility. The church elders instituted the "Ministry Expansion Program," which sought a number of solutions to the problem. Additional services were again added, and the church was given the facilities of the Long Ridge Congregational Church in Stamford, Connecticut, where a satellite campus was established in 2007. The expansion team formulated extensive plans to replace the current facility on the same site in Fairfield, which were denied upon submission by the town of Fairfield's Conservation Commission due to concerns over environmental impact. After the denial, new plans were drawn up with a reduced size building which would be situated exactly where the existing church is located in order to minimize environmental impact. The church received final approvals for these new plans in 2011 and broke ground in October 2012. A 18-month construction period has been projected, during which, the church will use the facilities of a nearby high school and church. The new building is on track for completion in the spring of 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20389020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389020" title="Vincarje">
Vincarje

Vincarje () is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Geology.
There are many sinkholes in the area, including the Bear Valley Sinkhole (), Gips Cave (), Mary's Shaft (), and Migut Shaft () near the Grebenar farm. There is also a spring south of the settlement known as Blessed Spring (). 
Name.
Vincarje was first attested in written sources in 1291 as "Weinzůrl" (and as "Weinzurl" in 1318 and "Weintzurl" in 1500). The name (now a feminine plural) is originally a masculine accusative plural of the common noun "vincar" 'day laborer in a vineyard', borrowed from Middle High German "winzer". In the Middle Ages, the people of Vincarje worked as day laborers in vineyards belonging to the Bishops of Freising in Škofja Loka.
History.
The ruins of Wildenlak Castle, also known locally as Old Castle (), lie above the settlement. It was destroyed in the earthquake of 1511 and never rebuilt. In 1873 public baths were established at the Anka Mansion ("vila Anka") in the settlement, featuring wooden tubs and a stove for heating the water. The Lubnik Lodge () was built before the Second World War. It was burned during the war and rebuilt in 1953. A plaque on the lodge commemorates two hikers that were shot by German forces on Mount Lubnik in 1941.
Mass graves.
Vincarje is the site of two known mass graves from the period immediately after the Second World War. They are part of the mass graves associated with the nearby former Loka Castle prison. The Castle Wall 1 Mass Grave () is located in a meadow on a slope about 30 m outside the wall of Loka Castle. It contains the remains of an unknown number of Home Guard prisoners of war and Slovene civilians, and possibly victims of other nationalities. The Bear Valley Mass Grave (), also known as the Ski Valley Mass Grave (), lies in the Bear Valley Sinkhole (), about 500 m southwest of Loka Castle and 200 m east of the castle wall. It contains the remains of 20 German prisoners of war that died or were murdered in the summer of 1945. The remains may have been exhumed.

</doc>
<doc id="20389030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389030" title="Darryl Takizo Yagi">
Darryl Takizo Yagi

He graduated from University of California, Berkeley in 1965; Master of Arts degree in Counseling Psychology at California State University, Chico in 1968; and master of arts degree in Special Education at Sonoma State University in 1976.
From 1968, he worked as a school counselor at Willows Unified School District, and Old Adobe Union School District, Petaluma Junior High School, California.
From 2006, he works as a Professor of HUTE.
He is the author of "", published by Keisō Shobō. 

</doc>
<doc id="20389034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389034" title="Canal City Hakata">
Canal City Hakata

Canal City Hakata is a large shopping and entertainment complex in Fukuoka, Japan. Called the "city within the city," it boasts numerous attractions including shops; cafes; restaurants; a theater; game center; cinemas; two hotels; and a canal, which runs through the complex.
Located adjacent to Fukuoka's entertainment district and between the commercial and retail core of the city, Canal City has become a tourist attraction and commercial success for Fukuoka. It is the largest private development in the history of Japan ($1.4 billion for 234,460 m2 (2.5-million sq. ft.)). It is built with a distinctive fanciful style, with many curving sculptures and fountains and city of Fukuoka hardly visible, to create an atmosphere like an oasis away from the rest of the town.
Canal City Hakata is within a 10- to 15-minute walk from either Hakata Station or Tenjin Station.
History.
With Canal City in business, areas around the complex began to see increased success as well. The nearby food markets, in decline and seeing little business, began to rebuild and rehire shops because of the foot traffic from Canal City.
See also.
Jerde-associated architectural projects in Japan:

</doc>
<doc id="20389070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389070" title="A134">
A134

A134 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="20389132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389132" title="Virlog">
Virlog

Virlog (; in older sources also "Virloh", ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20389146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389146" title="A135">
A135

A135, A.135 or A-135 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="20389173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389173" title="Zminec">
Zminec

Zminec (; ) is a village on the left bank of the Poljanščica River in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20389175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389175" title="Generativity">
Generativity

Generativity in essence describes a self-contained system from which its user draws an independent ability to create, generate, or produce new content unique to that system without additional help or input from the system's original creators. In semiotics or epistemology, generativity refers to a form of communication that possesses compositionality and the ability to construct complex messages. The philosopher Daniel Dennett has argued that animals cannot have wants or desires in the sense that humans do because they lack a language with compositionality and generativity. Gordon Brittan disagrees with this evaluation.
Technological generativity generally describes the quality of the Internet and modern computers that allows people unrelated to the creation and operation of either to produce content in the form of applications and in the case of the Internet, blogs. Jonathan Zittrain has expressed concern that many recent technologies such as DVR and GPS have moved away from the generative, two-way aspects of the personal computer and the Internet.
In Erik Erikson’s Stages of Psychosocial Development, generativity is a struggle against stagnation that ascends during adulthood. Generativity in the psychosocial sense refers to the concern for establishing and guiding the next generation and is said to stem from a sense of optimism about humanity.
In computer modelling, generative models are contrasted to phenomenological models.
"Phenomenological models" reproduce the studied phenomenon by directly capturing the dependencies between the measured/visible variables of the phenomenon. 
Instead, "generative models" reproduce the studied phenomenon by reproducing the often non-measurable/non-visible mechanisms generating (i.e., underlying, causing) the measured/visible variables of the phenomenon. 
Typical generative models are the probabilistic (or `Bayesian') models that aim to infer "latent (or hidden) variables" of the investigated phenomenon on the basis of data on the "visible variables" related to it.
History.
The term "generativity" was coined by the psychoanalyst Erik Erikson in 1950 to denote "a concern for establishing and guiding the next generation." It can be defined as creativity between the generations. Generativity can be expressed in literally hundreds of ways, from raising a child to stopping a tradition of abuse, from writing a family history to starting a new organization. One can try to "make a difference" with one's life, to "give back," to "take care" of one's community and one's planet.
Jonathan Zittrain defines the term, "Generativity is a system's capacity to produce unanticipated change through unfiltered contributions from broad and varied audiences." - The Future of the Internet and How to Stop It. (Pg.70)

</doc>
<doc id="20389197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389197" title="Strmica, Škofja Loka">
Strmica, Škofja Loka

Strmica () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20389211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389211" title="Strmica">
Strmica

Strmica can refer to:
In Croatia:
In Slovenia:

</doc>
<doc id="20389220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389220" title="Modern Boy">
Modern Boy

Modern Boy () is a 2008 South Korean film.
Plot.
Seoul, 1937. Lee Hae-myeong is a rich and hedonistic playboy who cares little for the Japanese colonization of his homeland. But things change when he falls in love with bar singer Jo Nan-sil, who turns out to be a member of the Korean independence movement.
Release.
"Modern Boy" was released in South Korea on 2 October 2008, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 329,956 admissions. As of 26 October, the film had received a total of 761,090 admissions, and as of 9 November had grossed a total of $3,839,780.

</doc>
<doc id="20389237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389237" title="Engineering informatics">
Engineering informatics

Engineering Informatics is an engineering discipline combining information technology (IT) – or informatics – with engineering concepts; It is an interdisciplinary scientific area focusing on the application of advanced computing, information and communication technologies to engineering; The study of use of information and the design of information structures that facilitate the practice of engineering and of designed artifacts that embody and embed information technology and science to achieve social, economic and environmental goals. Given this perspective, the rest of the introduction identifies different strands of concepts that inform and support the evolution of engineering informatics as a distinct discipline that lives at the interface between engineering and informatics, in the same vein as bioinformatics, medical informatics, and other applied disciplines.
Engineering Informatics as a discipline of field study.
Computer-aided design (CAD), intelligent CAD, engineering analysis, collaborative design support, computer-aided engineering, and product life-cycle management are some of the terms that have emerged over the past decades of computing in engineering. Codification and automation of engineering knowledge and methods have had major impact on engineering practice. The use of computers by engineers has consistently tracked advancements in computer and information sciences. Computing, algorithms, computational methods, and engineering have increasingly intertwined themselves as developments in theory and practice in both disciplines influence each other. Therefore, it is now time to begin using the term “engineering informatics” to cover the science of the information that flows through these processes. 
Informatics, with origins in the German word ""Informatik"" referring to automated information processing, has evolved to its current broad definition. The rise of the term informatics can be attributed to the breadth of disciplines that are now accepted and envisioned as contributing to the field of computing and information sciences. A common definition of informatics adopted by many departments/schools of informatics comes from the University of Edinburgh: ""the study of the structure, behavior, and interactions of natural and artificial computational systems that store, process and communicate information."” Informatics includes the science of information, the practice of information processing, and the engineering of information systems. 
The history of engineering and computers shows a trend of increasing sophistication in the type of engineering problems being solved. Early CAD was primarily geometry driven (using mathematics and computer science). Then came the engineering use of AI, driven by theories of cognitive science and computational models of cognition (logic and pattern based). More recently, models of collaboration and representation and acquisition of collective knowledge have been introduced, driven by fields of social sciences (ethnography, sociology of work) and philosophy.
Information technology and sciences to have both created the need for, and play a role in, facilitating the management of complex sociotechnical processes. Information is context specific and its engineering is an integral part of any exchange among people and machines. Thus, informatics is the process of:
Engineering informatics is a reflective task beyond the software/hardware that supports engineering; it is a cross-disciplinary perspective on the nature of collective intellectual work. It thereby becomes critical that a consciousness of the use of languages and their implications in the storage and retrieval of information in a work community be addressed as part of any information engineering task.
The role informatics plays in engineering products and services has become significant in the past decades. Most of the development has happened in an ad hoc manner, as can be expected. Techniques appeared in computer science and in programming practice; these techniques get used in engineering as is. Early computing in engineering was limited due to the capacities of computers. Computational power and telecommunications systems have started to converge, resulting in the possibilities of untethered connections and exchange of information that was just a distant dream in the early computing days. These developments have made the problems of distance less onerous and allow for global design, manufacturing, and supply chains. However, the problem of managing a global supply chain still is a daunting task with numerous incompatibilities in information exchange and coordination.
The problem of integrating entire sets of industries in a flexible and ad hoc manner is still a dream especially for small-scale industries within the larger global environment. For this dream to become a reality, standards become critical. With technology evolving continuously, the task of creating information standards for varieties of exchanges from the syntactic to the semantic is a challenge yet to be resolved.
Computer scientists or engineers by themselves cannot solve engineering informatics problems or the processes required to manage information in the context of engineered systems—it has to be a collaborative effort. The lack of skills among computer scientists in engineering and engineers in computing has led to problems bridging the disciplines. What pedagogical stance can help prepare students to deal with the complexities that are inherent in the task of engineering informatics? The culture of learning has to encourage the appreciation of diversity at the same time looking for the core essence and canonical nature of the experiences. While the products of today are increasingly designed for variety, we still have not mastered this process conceptually, let alone are we preparing our students. The fundamental characteristic of engineering informatics is that it is applicable at local levels of decision making in a design process as well as at the holistic level of product management and organizational design.
Nowadays, people are entering an era of networks where different infrastructural networks can be connected through information networks. The information network can connect the manufacturing network to the design and supply chain network in almost real time using information systems that include sensors and ID tags. One’s imagination is the limit in this integrative power of information networks. It is this new complex world that we need to teach students, among other things, the ability to reflect on the information they use and how to handle this information, what it means to use (or not) computational tools, the need to create tools at different scales of inquiry and across disciplines, and how to view one’s own discipline from an engineering informatics point of view.
Engineering technology areas.
It encompasses engineering technology areas in:
Universities and institutions offering Engineering Informatics.
Engineering Informatics is a field of undergraduate study in some universities and polytechnics:

</doc>
<doc id="20389290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389290" title="Hal Huggins">
Hal Huggins

Hal Huggins is an American campaigner against the use of dental amalgam fillings and other dental therapies that he believes to be unsafe. Huggins began to promote his ideas in the 1970s and played a major role in generating controversy over the use of amalgam. Huggins had his license to practice dentistry revoked in 1996 after a panel found him guilty of gross negligence. Since then, he has continued to publish on the topic of mercury and human health and believes that dental amalgam and other dental practices are responsible for a range of serious diseases.
Life and career.
Huggins received his DDS in 1962 from the University of Nebraska at Lincoln. In 1973, he became involved in the study and research of mercury toxicity and its impact on human health. Through the course of these investigations, Huggins earned an MS from the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs in 1989 with special emphasis in toxicology and immunology.
Huggins subsequently became a prolific campaigner against the use of amalgam dental fillings, creating the Huggins Diagnostic Center in Colorado Springs, Colorado. At the Center, patients were charged up to $8,500 apiece for an intensive 2-week course of treatment including the removal of all amalgam fillings. Huggins claimed in his books that the Center's profits funded research and free care. The Center was closed in September 1995 after a series of lawsuits against Huggins alleging negligence and fraud. "TIME" reported that despite Huggins's difficulties, some patients continued to swear by his treatments; former Enron chairman Kenneth Lay had his fillings removed by Huggins in 1991 and reported resolution of an "unexplained numbness" as a result.
Huggins received a series of warnings from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for violating good manufacturing practices and marketing unapproved medical devices. In the mid-1980s, Huggins was investigated by the FDA for his marketing of the "Amalgameter", a device which claimed to detect "positively or negative charged dental fillings". The FDA found that the Amalgameter was a simple battery-powered ammeter, but was being promoted with a variety of scientifically unsubstantiated claims about dental fillings. The FDA reported in 1989 that Huggins had ceased manufacturing the device, but that "many could be around to dupe unsuspecting dental patients for a long, long time."
In 1996, a Colorado state judge recommended that Huggins's dental license be revoked, citing his use of "'deceptive yet seductive advertising' to trick chronically ill patients into thinking that the true cause of their illness was mercury." Huggins's license was subsequently revoked by the Colorado State Board of Dental Examiners for gross negligence and the use of unnecessary and unproven procedures. "TIME" reported the judge's conclusion that Huggins "diagnosed 'mercury toxicity' in all his patients, including some without amalgam fillings."
Huggins contended that the revocation of his license was politically motivated in retaliation for his claims that amalgam fillings caused disease and claimed that he had not worked as a dentist since 1984. His criticisms of dental amalgam were featured on 60 Minutes.
Research and beliefs.
Huggins convened a conference on the biocompatibility of dental materials at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs, with the assistance of a foundation called the Toxic Element Research Foundation that, according to "Time" magazine, is used by Huggins to promote his views. The participants unanimously signed a statement urging that amalgam fillings be banned immediately.
Huggins has argued that amalgam can cause digestive problems such as Crohn's disease and ulcers, mood disorders such as depression and fatigue, autoimmune diseases such as multiple sclerosis, scleroderma and lupus, high or low blood pressure, arthritis, tachycardia, mononucleosis, and cancers such as leukemia and Hodgkin's disease. In a paper published in "Alternative Medicine Review" in 1998, Huggins reported that changes in cerebrospinal fluid that are typical for multiple sclerosis remitted after the removal of amalgam fillings and root canals. He has claimed that dental care according to his understanding of dentistry has allowed wheelchair-using patients diagnosed with multiple sclerosis to walk unassisted within weeks. These claims are inconsistent with mainstream scientific consensus on the causes of multiple sclerosis. A meta-analysis examined a range of studies on if there was a link between multiple sclerosis saw a slight increase in the risk of multiple sclerosis associated with amalgam use, but noted that this was not statistically significant. Another study found that although there was a geographical relationship between dental caries and multiple sclerosis, the use of dental amalgam was not associated with this disease.
Huggins's criticisms of dental care are not limited to amalgam fillings; he is also opposed to root canals that he alleges can cause focal infections and illness, and has claimed that implants can cause autoimmune disease. According to a review published in the Journal of the American Dental Association, Huggins "has attracted many followers, and his writings and media appearances have led some dentists to question the safety of amalgam restorations," but the review nevertheless concluded that "the evidence supporting the safety of amalgam restorations is compelling."

</doc>
<doc id="20389310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389310" title="A184">
A184

A184 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="20389323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389323" title="Stirpnik">
Stirpnik

Stirpnik () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20389362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389362" title="Justin Davis (ice hockey)">
Justin Davis (ice hockey)

Justin Davis (born March 1, 1978) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player.
Playing career.
Davis began playing junior hockey with the Hamilton Kilty B's of the OPJHL before joining the major junior Ontario Hockey League (OHL). He played with the Kingston Frontenacs, Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds and Ottawa 67's from 1995 to 1999. In his final year of major junior with the 67's, he helped the team to the 1999 Memorial Cup championship as the host city. With 9 points in 5 games, Davis was awarded the Ed Chynoweth Trophy as the tournament leading scorer.
Drafted 85th overall in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft by the Washington Capitals, Davis began a five-year stint with the University of Western Ontario, competing in the Canadian Interuniversity Sport (CIS) circuit. There, he helped the Western Mustangs win the CIS National Championship in 2002 and was named an UWO Academic All-Star in both 2002-03 and 2003-04. He was named team captain of the team for the 2003-04 season and graduated as the all-time career points leader for men's hockey with 201 points. 
In 2004–05, Davis turned pro overseas with SC Mittelrhein of the Oberliga, Germany's third-tier ice hockey league. He recorded 63- and 51-point seasons with Mittelrhein.
Upon returning to Ontario, he played at the senior level with the Tillsonburg Vipers of Major League Hockey (MLH) for one season. He then joined the Dundas Real McCoys and the team captured the John Robertson Cup to win the Ontario MLH Championships and made it to the Allan Cup in both 2008 and 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20389369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389369" title="Viscum cruciatum">
Viscum cruciatum

Viscum cruciatum, commonly called the red-berry mistletoe, is a species of mistletoe in the family Santalaceae. The plant has small leaves. The flowers have four petals. The berries are red containing 1 seed. It ranges through South West Spain, Southern Portugal, North Africa, Australia and Asia. All parts of the plants are poisonous if eaten. Its fruit is harmless to birds which disperse the seeds. It is used as a Christmas decoration.

</doc>
<doc id="20389371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389371" title="Correlated subquery">
Correlated subquery

In a SQL database query, a correlated subquery (also known as a synchronized subquery) is a subquery (a query nested inside another query) that uses values from outer query. The subquery is evaluated once for each row processed by the outer query
Here is an example for a typical correlated subquery. In this example we are finding the list of all employees whose salary is above average for their departments.
In the above query the outer query is
and the inner query (the correlated subquery) is
In the above nested query the inner query has to be re-executed for each employee. (A sufficiently smart implementation may cache the inner query's result on a department-by-department basis, but even in the best case the inner query must be executed once per department. See "Optimizing correlated subqueries" below.)
Correlated subqueries may appear elsewhere besides the WHERE clause; for example, this query uses a correlated subquery in the SELECT clause to print the entire list of employees alongside the average salary for each employee's department. Again, because the subquery is correlated with a column of the outer query, it must be re-executed for each row of the result.
Optimizing correlated subqueries.
The effect of correlated subqueries can in some cases be obtained using joins. For example, the queries above (which use inefficient correlated subqueries) may be rewritten as follows.
Another way of improving performance is to create a view (which is computed once), and then query the view:

</doc>
<doc id="20389391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389391" title="Osaka Performance Doll">
Osaka Performance Doll

Osaka Performance Doll a.k.a. O.P.D. (大阪パフォーマンスドール) was a female japanese idol Jpop band from 1993 to 1997, theatre-based in Osaka, with five main members (called "F/Unit" with their initials) and several others for live performances and trainees. 
OPD was the sister-band of Tokyo Performance Doll (TPD), inspired by Jpop band Onyanko Club, like Morning Musume and the Hello! Project or AKB48 more recently. Among main members are future Hello! Project singer Atsuko Inaba and actresses Kumiko Nakano and Yukiko Takeuchi, the last one also performing in 1995 in the band "West End X Yuki", brother band of "East End X Yuri" with fellow TPD member Yuri Ichii. Two members including Inaba leave OPD in 1996 and are replaced. The group disband in 1997, and make a reunion in 2008 for two shows and one compilation album.

</doc>
<doc id="20389409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389409" title="Suha, Škofja Loka">
Suha, Škofja Loka

Suha (; ) is a village just outside Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It is an old settlement, with its earliest mention in documents dating to 973 AD.
Church.
There are a number of interesting architectural monuments in the centre of the village, but Suha is best known for its church dedicated to John the Baptist. It has a Gothic star-vaulted sanctuary. Frescos from the mid-15th century survive, painted by the unnamed painter known as the Master of Suha, known to have worked in a number of other local churches, but named after his work in this church because it is one of the best examples of his work. There are also 16th-century frescos by Jernej of Loka in the church. The well-preserved frescos are some of the most important in Slovenia and the church has been listed as a monument of national importance.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Suha include:

</doc>
<doc id="20389414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389414" title="Indian cricket team in New Zealand in 2008–09">
Indian cricket team in New Zealand in 2008–09

The Indian cricket team toured New Zealand from 25 February to 7 April 2009, playing a Test match series with New Zealand for the first time in five years. The tour included three Tests, five ODIs and two T20Is. New Zealand won both the T20Is.
India won both the ODI series 3-1 and Test series 1-0.
Squads.
The Indian Squads were announced on the 13th of February. Dhawal Kulkarni got his maiden call up to the national squad, having been selected for the test squad after a strong debut Ranji trophy season where he was the highest wicket taker. L Balaji made a return to the Test squad after a five year hiatus having last played in a test in 2004. Balaji was dropped from the ODI squad after he played in a single match in the previous tour, he was replaced by the now fit Munaf Patel. In the test squad Balaji replaced Pragyan Ojha with the selectors opting for an extra seamer instead of an extra spinner for the tour. Ojha retained his place in the ODI and T20 squads. Subramaniam Badrinath was dropped from the test squad in favour of reserve Wicket-Keeper Dinesh Karthik after Karthik too had a strong Ranji trophy season. Karthik was selected for all three squads, replacing Jadeja in the ODI squad. Ravindra Jadeja's impressive ODI debut was rewarded with a call up to the Twenty20 squad but Jadeja will be replaced by Sachin Tendulkar for the subsequent ODI series. Munaf Patel made a return to all three squads after having to pull out midway through the previous tour of Sri Lanka due to injury. Harbhajan Singh also made a return to all three squads after having to pull out at the beginning of the previous tour to Sri Lanka due to injury. 
The New Zealand squad for the T20's was announced on the 21st of February. Jacob Oram Jesse Ryder and Ross Taylor returned after their injury. Oram however will only play as a batsman. Kyle Mills was injured and was replaced by Ewen Thompson. Ryder replaced Peter Fulton
Test series.
3rd Test.
Both sides came under criticism for their defensive approach in the final Test — New Zealand for failing to set aside its headaches about the gifts of Zaheer Khan and Ishant Sharma and groom a traditionally seam-friendly wicket, and India for not ramming home its advantage over the course of the final two days. "A 2-0 victory would have been a more correct index of the difference between the teams," wrote Indian journalist Suresh Menon, bemoaning Dhoni's lack of urgency first in batting on too long in the second innings and then in leading a signally listless and complacent display in the field. The Indian skipper's answer to the first charge was that "a huge score meant that we could keep attacking all the time." As Menon observed, however,
strangely, he didn't attack all the time. He didn't tell Harbhajan Singh that the bowler should stop sending down his express deliveries but flight the ball. Post-tea on the fourth day, the whole team appeared over-relaxed and almost casual, as if winning would be just a matter of turning up on the fifth day.
A 2-0 victory would have been a more correct index of the difference between the teams. India appeared only too satisfied with a 1-0 win. This is not how champion teams play, and if India aspire to knock Australia off the perch at the top, they will have to be more ruthless in their approach, more focused, and not so easily satisfied.

</doc>
<doc id="20389427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389427" title="Anna and the King of Siam">
Anna and the King of Siam

Anna and the King of Siam may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20389452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389452" title="David Curtis">
David Curtis

David Michael Curtis (born 10 April 1965 in Salisbury) is a former Irish rugby union international. He also played some first-class cricket while at Oxford University.
Curtis, who was born in Rhodesia, now known as Zimbabwe, made his debut for Ireland against Wales in the 1991 Five Nations. He represented Ireland at the World Cup later that year, scoring a try in the pool stage against his country of birth and participating in their losing Quarter Final team. In all he was capped for Ireland on 13 occasions and scored his only other points courtesy of a drop goal in an international friendly against Namibia.
He qualified for Ireland through his father Brian who had also represented his country as a wing forward after the second World War.
His four first-class cricket matches were for Oxford University in 1990, playing against Leicestershire, Glamorgan, Nottinghamshire and Cambridge. A right-handed batsman, he made 89 runs at 22.25.

</doc>
<doc id="20389458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389458" title="John Rae (politician)">
John Rae (politician)

John Rae, OBE (24 August 1904 – 1979) was a New Zealand politician of the National Party.
Biography.
He was born in Auckland on either 4 or 24 August 1904, a son of C. E. Rae. He attended the University of Auckland and became an accountant.
He represented the Roskill electorate from 1949 to 1957, when he was defeated by Arthur Faulkner; and then the Eden electorate from 1960 to 1972, when he retired.
He was a Minister of Housing under Keith Holyoake in 1957 and from 1960 to 1972.
He was awarded an O.B.E. in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20389491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389491" title="HMS Variable">
HMS Variable

Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Variable":

</doc>
<doc id="20389518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389518" title="Caligo atreus">
Caligo atreus

The Yellow-edged Giant Owl ("Caligo atreus") is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. The species can be found from Mexico to Peru.
The wingspan is 140–160 mm.
The larvae feed on "Musa" and "Heliconia" species and can be a pest for banana cultivation. Adults feed on juices of rotting fruit.

</doc>
<doc id="20389602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389602" title="Motta">
Motta

Motta is a small town in Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland. It is located on the south side of Lago di Poschiavo.

</doc>
<doc id="20389606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389606" title="Public Committee Against Torture in Israel">
Public Committee Against Torture in Israel

The Public Committee Against Torture in Israel (PCATI) is an Israeli human rights organisation specifically dedicated to combating torture, and cruel, inhumane and degrading treatment and punishment (CIDT). PCATI, an independent human rights organization, was founded in 1990 in reaction to what it describes as "the ongoing policy of the Israeli government, which permitted the systematic use of torture and ill treatment in GSS interrogations". 
Operation.
PCATI monitors detention centers and continues the struggle against the use of torture in interrogation in Israel using legal means, supporting relevant legislation and an information campaign aimed at raising public awareness of the subject. PCATI cooperates with other human rights organizations, Israeli, Palestinian and international, in its struggle against the use of torture in Israel and for the implementation of international law and international humanitarian law in Israeli law and practice.
PCATI acts on behalf of all people—Israelis, Palestinians, labor immigrants and other foreigners residing in Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories—with the aim of protecting them from torture and ill-treatment by the Israeli security authorities.
PCATI won a historic victory when, on 6 September 1999, in response to petitions of principle PCATI began submitting to the High Court of Justice in 1991, and petitions filed together with the Association for Civil Rights in Israel, Hamoked–Center for the Defense of the Individual and others, the High Court prohibited the use of various means of torture that were systematically employed by the GSS until that time.
Following this, there was a significant decrease in the number of complaints regarding torture or the use of the harsh methods previously used.
However, following the onset of the Second Intifada in September 2000, there was, again, a sharp increase in the number of complaints of torture and ill treatment indicating a reversion to the methods prohibited by the High Court of Justice. This resulted from the exploitation of "necessity defense" opening allowed by the Court in its ruling, or by altogether denying the fact that physical force was used in interrogation, which victims would find difficult to challenge. There was also a widening of the phenomenon of the ill treatment of Palestinian detainees by soldiers and other members of the security forces.
In light of this, PCATI expanded its activities and began employing field workers and external attorneys to assist the in-house staff in the investigation and treatment of cases of torture or cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment (CIDT). PCATI has, in addition continued to search for additional ways to combat torture, CIDT and related violations of human rights and particularly the issue of impunity, and to develop its legal and public advocacy methodology.
In December 1996, PCATI, together with the Palestinian Center for Human Rights (PCHR), Gaza, received the Human Rights Award of the French Republic from the President of France.
PCATI, as a human rights and social change organization, is engaged in outreach and education programs aimed at raising and engaging public discourse and consciousness regarding torture, impunity and related violations of human rights.
PCATI hopes in this way to influence policy makers, professionals and their associations, and the general public with the intent of converting such influence to pressure for policy change.
In 2009, PCATI released a report titled "Shackling as a Form of Torture and Abuse" that accused Israel of torturing hundreds of Palestinian prisoners by shackling them in violation of international standards. The report also called into question Israel's refusal to allow the Red Cross to inspect Facility 1391, a secret prison which has been called Israel's "Guantanamo Bay".

</doc>
<doc id="20389613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389613" title="HMS Varne">
HMS Varne

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Varne":

</doc>
<doc id="20389636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389636" title="Cavaione">
Cavaione

Cavaione is a small town in Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20389655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389655" title="Whack Records discography">
Whack Records discography

This is the official catalog of Whack Records. The list is ordered by release number. Original release years are within the parentheses.

</doc>
<doc id="20389669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389669" title="2006 Rhythmic Gymnastics European Championships">
2006 Rhythmic Gymnastics European Championships

23rd Rhythmic Gymnastics European Championships were held in Moscow, Russia from 18 September to 24 September 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20389673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389673" title="Manoj Hemaratne">
Manoj Hemaratne

Manoj Veerendra Hemaratne (born July 24, 1969 in Colombo) is a former Sri Lankan first-class cricketer who played for the Antonians Sports Club from 1985 to 2000. He was a right-handed batsman and right arm off break bowler.
Cricket career.
He started his cricket career from St. Anthonys College Wattala in 1979 and he captained school under 13,15, 17 and first eleven cricket teams. Under his captaincy St. Anthonys College Wattala won the outstation best team BATA schoolboy cricketer awards in 1987. He also won the outstation best allrounder award and runner-up best fielder award. He scored more than 900 runs and captured more than 30 wickets in 1985/86 and 1986/87 seasons. He was in the Sri Lankan under-19 cricket pool and his pool mates were Sanath Jayasuriya, Romesh Kaluwitharana who played for the Sri Lankan national team.
He started his first class career in 1985 and he played for Kurunegala SC, Sarasans SC and finally Antonian Sport Club Wattala. He played some useful innings for his clubs and scored few centuries and fifties during his first class career. Major tournaments participated were SARA trophy, Bristol trophy, Lakspry Tyophy and Premier league organized by Sri Lanka cricket board. He was a member of Gampaha District cricket team. He also participated for domestic one day limited over cricket Matches.
From 2001 to 2003 he involved in cricket administration as a Cricket manager for Antonian SC and He is also an Antonian sc committee member.
Personal information.
Hemaratne is a qualified Engineer and presently working for UN agency based in Ampara District. His father W. Hemaratne was a government savant and mother Padma Suraweera was an English teacther. He married to a Doctor Himali Tharangani Gunasena (Visaka Vidyalaya and Colombo Medical Faculty) and he has a daughter Siluni Imanya Hemaratne (Visaka Vidyalaya) and Son Sithil Methsara Hemaratne. Manoj is the youngest in the family and he has two sisiters Nilmini and Shiromani. His home town is Walpola, Ragama.

</doc>
<doc id="20389676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389676" title="Caligo memnon">
Caligo memnon

The Owl ("Caligo memnon") is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is also known as the Pale or Giant Owl butterfly. The species can be found in the rainforests and secondary forests of Mexico down to the Amazon rainforest.
The wingspan is usually from 115 to 130 mm, but can reach 150 mm.
The larvae feed on Musa and Heliconia species and can be a pest for banana cultivation. Adults feed on juices of rotting fruit.

</doc>
