<doc id="20407444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407444" title="Jacqui Hurley">
Jacqui Hurley

Jacqui Hurley (born in 1984 in County Cork) is an Irish athlete, sports manager, sports broadcaster and chat show host employed by Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ). She is the co-presenter with Con Murphy of "Sunday Sport" on RTÉ Radio 1 and presents the sports news on RTÉ Radio 1 and RTÉ 2fm each day. Hurley has played at the highest level in the sports of basketball and camogie and currently manages the Irish under-16 women's basketball team. On 1 February 2009, she became the first female to present a sports show on RTÉ Radio when she began working on "Sunday Sport".
Early years.
Hurley grew up in Australia in the 1980s. She is the daughter of David and Mairead Hurley and sister of Catriona and Sean. She played basketball for Ireland and camogie for Cork and has since taken on a management role with the Irish under-16 female basketball team. She is a sports enthusiast. She graduated from Mary Immaculate College (MIC) with a degree in Media and Communication Studies in 2006. She has webbed toes, a feature of her anatomy which she has openly discussed on radio. She was paralysed for several days when she was 17 due to a sports accident after she and another player crashed into each other.
Career.
Hurley is a DJ.
Television.
Hurley initially spent some time as an intern with CBS Television in Mississippi, United States. She also worked in local radio before joining RTÉ in 2006. She was only supposed to stay with CBS for eight months but she remained for a year, developing her love of sports broadcasting.
Hurley's RTÉ television work includes reports for the sports magazine "OB Sport", a Friday preview slot on the daytime chat show "Seoige", the weekly "60 Sixty" segment on the League of Ireland magazine programme "Monday Night Soccer" aired on RTÉ Two, where she questions a different footballer each week for sixty seconds.
Radio.
Hurrley started working for Limerick's Live 95fm in Limerick after her time in college, where she covered Munster's 2006 Heineken Cup win for the station.
She often appeared on "The Colm & Jim-Jim Breakfast Show" on RTÉ 2fm where her sports blog was a regular feature.
In early 2009, Hurley took over as the co-presenter of "Sunday Sport" alongside Con Murphy on RTÉ Radio 1. In doing so she made history as the first ever female presenter in the 40-year history of "Sunday Sport" at the age of 25. She writes the "Jacqui's Week" column for "Sunday Sport".
Personal life.
She lives in Dublin with her boyfriend Shane. In August 2011, she and Dublin footballers Eamonn Fennell and Eoghan O'Gara launched the Tomás Mulligan Memorial Cycle, an annual event held in aid of suicide crisis centre Pieta House. Her brother Sean was killed in a car crash at the age of 25 on 30 November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20407462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407462" title="LB&amp;SCR I3 class">
LB&amp;SCR I3 class

The LB&SCR I3 class was a class of 4-4-2 steam tank locomotives designed by D. E. Marsh for suburban passenger service on the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway.
History.
After introducing two unsuccessful designs of 4-4-2 tank locomotive with the I1 and I2 classes, Douglas Earle Marsh learned a lesson and provided a new design with a far larger firebox. The new design was a tank version of Robert Billinton's successful B4 class tender locomotives. At the time of its introduction locomotive engineers were beginning to take an interest in superheating and Marsh therefore ordered two locomotives from Brighton Works for comparative purposes, one with a traditional saturated boiler and one incorporating the Schmidt superheater. These were built in October 1907 and March 1908 respectively.
Several months of trials proved that both locomotives were performing well and reliably but the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway Board of Directors were still not convinced that the extra building costs associated with superheating was matched by lower running costs. Marsh therefore built four more superheated locomotives and six without superheating, between February 1909 and March 1910. By mid 1910 there was sufficient operating data to convince the Directors and all after this date were superheated. Five more locomotives appeared in 1910. 
Both varieties of the I3 class proved themselves to be excellent locomotives but the superheated versions were significantly cheaper to run on express trains, especially when compared with the B4 and H1 classes. The class were also used experimentally on through express trains with the London and North Western Railway between Brighton and Rugby and convinced the LNWR directors of the value of superheating. Ten more superheated I3s were constructed in 1912 under Lawson Billinton, with minor detail differences.
After World War I Billinton wished to convert the remaining members of the class to superheating as their boilers came due for renewal, but only the prototype No. 21 was converted before the LB&SCR merged with other railways to form Southern Railway in January 1923. The remainder were converted by Richard Maunsell between 1925 and 1927 using his own design of superheater.
During 1925 and 1926 the I3 class were gradually replaced on the London-Brighton express trains by the "King Arthur" and "River" classes, and they were transferred on to semi-fast and other secondary services. However, the electrification of the London to Brighton and London to Portsmouth lines during the 1930s meant that the class were transferred further afield on the Southern Railway including Salisbury and Dover. Between the Autumn of 1941 and the summer of 1943 two I3 locomotives were loaned to the Great Western Railway and performed well on services from Gloucester, and Worcester.
Withdrawals.
The first worn-out member of the class was withdrawn by the Southern Railway in 1944, but the remainder survived into British Railways (BR) ownership in 1948, although all were withdrawn between January 1950 and May 1952, having all completed very high mileages. No example has been preserved.
Numbering.
The first ten were numbered 21-30 and the remainder 75-91. The Southern Railway initially added a "B" prefix to these numbers and later renumbered them 2021-2030 and 2075-2091. BR added 30000 to the numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="20407473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407473" title="Temmler">
Temmler

Tenmler Werke GmbH was founded in Detmold in 1917 by Herman Temmler. The company produces components for pharmaceuticals as well as finished products.
History.
The Temmler Werke GmbH was founded in Detmold in 1917 by commercial counsellor Hermann Temmler. The establishment of a subsidiary in Berlin followed shortly after. Preparations for the treatment and alleviation of respiratory diseases became the hallmark of Temmler Pharma.
As of 1933, the company, with expanded production facilities, concentrated its business activities exclusively around the Berlin area. In 1938, a Temmler chemist in Berlin synthesised Pervitin (methamphetamine), which was then manufactured and publicly sold as a stimulant and drug for psychiatry.
According to a Der Spiegel 2005-article, the nazi government believed that Pervitin could help the nazis win WW2, so the German military was supplied with millions of Pervitin tablets, which were delivered to the soldiers at the front during the first half of 1940.
In 1945 the facility in East Berlin was occupied and disassembled. The company had to be completely reassembled in Hamburg.
In 1960 the whole company transferred from Hamburg to Marburg.
The Hessian state government awarded the complex, an area of about 40,000 m² of production and administration facilities, a prize for functional and architectural design.
In 1967 the production and storage facilities were extended.
In 1971 a new laboratory building was erected for the manufacture of pharmaceutical dosage forms and active ingredients for controlled release. It became possible, for example, to produce medicinal products in the form of retard pellets releasing their active ingredients when required and over a longer period of time.
In 1982, these retard preparations marked the beginning of contract manufacturing, initially for foreign firms only.
Commencing 1989 the production also comprised all solid pharmaceutical dosage forms for customers at home and abroad.
In 1990 Temmler Pharma became part of the ASTA Medica group. Besides medicinal products for gastroenterology and migraine/pain, pulmology become the focal point of the preparations programme.
In 1998 Temmler Pharma took over 17 established products, thus extending its product range to include pharmaceutical preparations for the treatment of central nervous system disorders.
Since 1999 Temmler Pharma is once again in private hands.
In 2004 the laboratory building was extended by adding two additional floors to 2,500 m², thus laying the foundation for further growth in the field of pharmaceutical development and contract manufacturing services.
A complex comprising 1,380 m² housing production facilities to meet future GMP and FDA standards was erected in 2005. Solid pharmaceutical dosage forms, such as tablets and capsules, and particularly retard formulations, are manufactured at this site.
2007 The acquisition of three European production sites (Germany, Ireland, Italy) from the Japanese pharmaceutical company Astellas on January 1 led to the formation of the Temmler Group, considerably extending production capacities and technological possibilities.
The Temmler Group acquires two further production sites in Feldkirchen and Bruckmühl.
2008 With the acquisition of the SwissCo group, based in Sisseln, Switzerland, the Temmler group further develops its competence in the processing of moisture sensitive active substances. The production of effervescent tablets is the chief work of SwissCo.
Today Temmler is one of the leading contract manufacturers in the pharmaceutical industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20407495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407495" title="Newport Crown Court">
Newport Crown Court

Newport Crown Court is a Crown Court venue in the city of Newport, South Wales. It is located to the front of the Civic Centre complex. The Crown Court is part of the Wales Circuit of Her Majesty's Courts Service. 
In the system of courts of England and Wales, the Crown Court deals with serious criminal charges and with less serious charges where the accused has elected trial at the Crown Court instead of trial at a Magistrates' Court. The Crown Court also hears appeals against conviction and sentence from Magistrates' Court.

</doc>
<doc id="20407509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407509" title="Mythimna separata">
Mythimna separata

The Northern armyworm, Oriental armyworm or Rice ear-cutting caterpillar ("Mythimna separata") is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in China, Japan, South-east Asia, India, Eastern Australia, New Zealand, and some Pacific Islands. They term “Armyworm” is used because of their habit to spread out in a line across a lawn or pasture, and slowly “marching” forward, meanwhile consuming the foliage they encounter.
The wingspan is 35–50 mm. The moth flies from January to April depending on the location.
The larvae feed on a range of agricultural plants like Zea mays, Sorghum bicolor and Oryza sativa and are thus considered a pest.
Infestations.
China experiences periodic outbreaks of northern armyworm infestation. The outbreak in 2012 was particularly severe.

</doc>
<doc id="20407552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407552" title="Frame Protocol">
Frame Protocol

Frame protocol is one of the userplane protocol in UTRAN Iub and Iur for Dedicated Transport Channel (DTC) data streams. This is defined in 3GPP specifications TS 25.435 and TS 25.427.

</doc>
<doc id="20407578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407578" title="Saraevo">
Saraevo

Saraevo (), is a village in Northwestern Bulgaria, part of Miziya Municipality, Vratsa Province. Located on Skat River where flows into the Danube.

</doc>
<doc id="20407601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407601" title="Chandraghona">
Chandraghona

Chandraghona is forty-eight kilometers from Chittagong on the Kaptai Road. One of the biggest paper mills(Karnaphuli Paper Mills Limited) in Asian is located here. There is also a rayon factory.
Chandraghona is a nice area between Kaptai and Ranguni. It is from Bahaddarhut bus station.. The 2nd largest crop field of Bangladesh"Gumai Jheel" is here. The natural scenes of Chandraghona is very nice. Green hills cover it and the Karnafully River
flows beside it. You can meet here Chakma, Marma and many kinds of culture. Many Old Buddhist temples are available here. You will really enjoy your visiting here.
It is famous for KARNAPhuli PAPER MILL which is situated bank of Karnaphuli.Karnaphuli Paper Mills was the first paper manufacturing industrial establishment registered under the Factories Act. At the time of its establishment, it was the biggest paper mill in Asia, with over 3,000 workers. It was established under a World Bank loan supported by a consortium of suppliers from the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, Sweden and Italy. The factory went into production in 1953 with an installed capacity of 30,000 tons of paper per year. The capacity utilization, however, went down within a few years of its establishment. In 1964, Karnaphuli Paper Mills was sold to the Dawood Group of Pakistan, which undertook a balancing, modernization and rationalization program. Karnaphuli Paper Mills sold its paper to both East and West Pakistan. The price of its paper was the same in both wings. As a result, users of Karnaphuli Paper Mills paper in East Pakistan paid a price higher than its actual cost plus a normal profit. They compensated for the cost of transportation of the paper to West Pakistan and thus implicitly financed the subsidy enjoyed by its users in that province.

</doc>
<doc id="20407639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407639" title="Kahvi">
Kahvi

Kahvi is a netlabel founded in 1998 and currently operated by 4T Thieves. Based in London, England, it aims to release music in the Ogg, MP3 and video formats to anyone online. The label has always had a strong connection with the demoscene, and is one among several legendary netlabels, such as Monotonik.
Commercial Kahvi.
While the main focus is freely available music, Kahvi has also released some commercial Digital Download releases.
These releases are available on Beatport, iTunes and other similar digital download outlets.

</doc>
<doc id="20407682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407682" title="Fig Pudding">
Fig Pudding

Fig Pudding is a children's novel written by Ralph Fletcher, first published in 1995. It was recommended as one of the ten best books of 1995 by the American Library Association.
Plot summary.
Cliff is eleven years old and the oldest of six children in his family who live in Ballingsford. As Christmas nears, Cliff's grandmother arrives for a visit. Cliff's baby brother is rushed to the hospital with a severe illness. While he is recovering in the hospital on Christmas Eve, his family finally figure out that the "yidda yadda" he has been asking Santa Claus for is a little ladder like the one used to climb up to the top of a bunk bed. The entire family work together to build Josh a ladder and deliver it on Christmas morning. Later, Cliff's first grade brother Brad, drives his bicycle into an ambulance and dies. The family spends the next Christmas at a resort trying to adjust to the loss of Brad but the trip does not seem to work. Their spirits rise during a New Year's party at Aunt Pat's house. When they arrive at the party Josh accidentally steps into Dad's special fig pudding that they were bringing. Dad removes the shoe, smooths down the pudding and swears the children to secrecy. They all keep a straight face until Uncle Eddie says that the fig pudding is the best ever and asks Dad if he has added some new ingredient. They all laugh when the real story of the shoe is told.
Style.
"Fig Pudding" is written using an episodic plot style.
Reception.
Chris Sherman in his review for "Booklist" said that "Fletcher captures perfectly the humor, irritations, and sadness of life in a large, close-knit family and makes Cliff a sympathetic and thoughtful narrator, occasionally bewildered by his siblings' antics but always a completely believable older brother. The comedy in the final chapter will leave readers recalling hilarious family disasters of their own." Elizabeth Devereaux in her review for "Publishers Weekly" said this novel "neatly blends the humor and frustrations of growing up in a large family."

</doc>
<doc id="20407732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407732" title="Herbert Ganado">
Herbert Ganado

Herbert Ganado (7 April 1906 - 8 April 1979) was a Maltese lawyer, president of Catholic Action, editor, politician and author.
Born in Floriana on 7 April 1906 on the island of Malta, Ganado studied at the Lyceum and University of Malta and graduated as a lawyer in 1931. He was active at university and shortly after became president of the lay movement, Catholic Action. In 1933 he was appointed the third editor of the newspaper "Lehen is-Sewwa", the voice of Catholic Action. Ganado succeeded in steering the paper through turbulent times preceding the Second World War, and not only converted Lehen is-Sewwa into a daily paper, but also gave it a new look. He widened its scope by covering a wider range of subjects and made it a means for the promotion and dissemination of Catholic culture with a broad view on all religious, social, cultural and even political spheres of Maltese society set within a global context. During the Spanish Civil War Ganado wrote several articles in support of Francisco Franco.
In 1939 he was interned without trial by the British colonial authorities for his suspected sympathy with the Italian government of Benito Mussolini and the Italian fascists. He was subsequently exiled with a number of Maltese nationals to Uganda.
After the war he was released, and led a splinter group from the Nationalist Party to form the Democratic Nationalist Party (Partit Demokratiku Nazzjonalista). However, this was short lived and ultimately unsuccessful in political terms.
He married Alda née Randon and they had five children together, one of whom died shortly after his birth. One of his close friends since his days at university in the 1920s was the homosexual Maltese lawyer, Joseph Flores: indeed it has been suggested that Ganadao and Flores may have been romantically involved. However, Flores became a member of the Malta Labour Party (MLP) under the leadership of Dom Mintoff in the 1950s at the time when Ganado was openly opposed to Mintoff's policy of Integration with Britain. Flores, eventually resigned form the MLP and was made a judge.
His best known literary work is his 4 volume memoirs, "Rajt Malta Tinbidel". This work was translated into the English language by another well known Maltese lawyer politician Dr. Michael A. Refalo and titled "My Century". Herbert Ganado Gardens in Floriana are named after him. He died on 8 April 1979 and was interred at Santa Maria Addolorata cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20407733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407733" title="Mythimna convecta">
Mythimna convecta

The Common armyworm ("Mythimna convecta") is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Australia. The term “Armyworm” is used because of their habit to spread out in a line across a lawn or pasture, and slowly “marching” forward, meanwhile consuming the foliage they encounter.
The wingspan is about 40 mm. 
The larvae feed on a range of agricultural plants like Ananas comosus, Ipomoea batatas, Medicago sativa and Poaceae species and are thus considered a pest.

</doc>
<doc id="20407790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407790" title="Dibb Report">
Dibb Report

The "Review of Australia's Defence Capabilities", better known as the Dibb Report, was an influential review of Australia's defence plans. While the report's recommendations were not fully accepted by the Hawke Government, they led to significant changes in Australia's defence policy, including adoption of the Defence of Australia Policy.
Background.
In February 1985 the Minister for Defence Kim Beazley commissioned Paul Dibb, who was an external consultant and former member of the Department of Defence, to analyse Australia's defence planning and make recommendations for future developments. Dibb's report was published in March 1986 and recommended that Australia abandon the remaining elements of the Forward defence policy and concentrate its military resources on the geographic areas relevant to defending the country and its economic interests from direct attack.
Paul Dibb's recommendations were based around an assessment that "Australia is one of the most secure countries on earth" and that while there was the potential for regional conflict, the longer term intentions and capabilities of countries in Australia's region could not be predicted and as such did not form a suitable basis for planning. Dibb recommended that Australia's military posture be based on a strategy of denying aggressors the ability to attack the country. This was to be achieved through using a layered defence of over-the-horizon radar, patrol aircraft and maritime strike aircraft to protect Australia's approaches with the Army's Operational Deployment Force being responsible for defeating any landings on the Australian mainland. This would require changes to the Australian Defence Force's force structure and equipment acquisition programs. The policy of self-reliance proposed by Dibb also placed less emphasis on Australia's alliance with the United States than previous policies.
Reception.
The Dibb Report received a mixed response. Some experts regarded it as being an important contribution to developing an independent Australian defence posture. Other experts criticised the report for calling for an essentially defensive military strategy, implying that existing Australian military capabilities be abandoned and making optimistic assumptions about the period of time which would be available to detect and respond to new threats to Australia. Many of the Dibb Report's assumptions were used in developing the 1987 Defence white paper "The Defence of Australia", but the Government did not adopt some of Dibb's key recommendations such as those concerning Australia's relationship with the United States and the Australian military's role in the Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="20407797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407797" title="Ivan Gazidis">
Ivan Gazidis

Ivan Gazidis (born 13 September 1964 in Johannesburg) is currently the chief executive of English Premier League club Arsenal Football Club. 
Gazidis moved to Manchester in the United Kingdom at the age of 4 and attended Manchester Grammar School, where he excelled as a football player, and was also a gifted drummer playing in at least two school-based rock bands. Being an adopted Mancunian from a young age, he supported Manchester City. Later he attended St Edmund Hall at the University of Oxford, where he was twice awarded a blue playing football against the University of Cambridge in 1984 and 1985. He graduated with a degree in law in 1986 and in 1992 he moved to the United States to work for Latham & Watkins.
In 1994 he joined the founding management team of Major League Soccer, becoming in 2001 its deputy commissioner. He oversaw MLS's key strategic and business decisions and its marketing arm, Soccer United Marketing, of which he was president. He also helped promote the Mexican Football Federation and the CONCACAF Gold Cup.
In November 2008 Gazidis accepted the post of chief executive of Arsenal, a post he has formally taken up from 1 January 2009. He succeeds former managing director Keith Edelman and is expected to take over many of the roles formerly undertaken by ex-vice-chairman David Dein.
Ivan lives in London with his family, consisting of his wife and two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="20407803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407803" title="Bernache">
Bernache

Bernache is grape juice at the beginning of its fermentation process. Popular in Touraine (France), it is available from the end of October to mid-November.

</doc>
<doc id="20407813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407813" title="St Albans Council election, 2008">
St Albans Council election, 2008

The 2008 St Albans Council election took place on 1 May 2008 to elect members of St Albans District Council in Hertfordshire, England. One third of the council was up for election and the Liberal Democrat party gained overall control of the council from no overall control.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Election result.
The results saw the Liberal Democrats regain an overall majority on the council after making one net gain in seats. They gained seats in Batchwood, Sopwell and Verualam wards but lost Harpenden East and Wheathampstead to the Conservatives. The Labour party lost all of the seats they had been defending including London Colney to the Conservatives. Labour blamed their defeats on voters protesting against the national Labour government. Overall turnout was 42.5% a drop from the 43.6% in 2007.
Following the election the Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg came to St Albans to celebrate the results.

</doc>
<doc id="20407846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407846" title="Črni Vrh v Tuhinju">
Črni Vrh v Tuhinju

Črni Vrh v Tuhinju is a small settlement in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Črni Vrh" to "Črni Vrh v Tuhinju" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20407880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407880" title="Astronet">
Astronet

Astronet is a consortium which gather European funding agencies in order to establish a comprehensive long-term planning for the development of European astronomy. The consortium started on September 1, 2005.
Financing.
ASTRONET is an ERA-Net financed by the European Commission FP6 (under the initiative « Integrating and Strengthening the European Research Area (ERA) »), up to a level of 2.5 M€, out of a total budget of 3.2 M€. The project duration is 4 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20407886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407886" title="Gabrovnica">
Gabrovnica

Gabrovnica is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20407897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407897" title="Paradise Lost (song)">
Paradise Lost (song)

Paradise Lost is the fifth CD single by Minori Chihara. The single was used as the opening theme song to the anime "Ga-rei -Zero-" in which she voices the main character Kagura Tsuchimiya. Subsequently in the 6th episode of "The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya-chan", the character Yuki Nagato (reprised by Minori Chihara herself) sang a muted version of "Paradise Lost" at the end of the episode. The single placed 15th on the Oricon charts in the month it debuted.
Lyrics.
聖なる瞳が 痛みを映したら<br>
振り向いてご覧？情熱放つTrick<br>
崩れる足元 二人は戻れない<br>
差し伸べた手を解かないで<br>
消えるよまた 優しい日々が<br>
思い出を汚すのは許せない<br>
ここは裏切りの楽園（ティル・ナ・ノーグ）さ迷う心の涯に<br>
光を求めて 祈る言葉届けあなたに<br>
囚われの羽が 遥かな空へと向かう<br>
信じたいよ 私たち孤独じゃない<br>
分かり合う（求め合う）絆の中<br>
離さない（離れない）始まるDestiny<br>
新たな願いに 鎖解ける時<br>
休ませてくれる？深い眠りに<br>
僅かな希望が 私を強くする<br>
温もりに触れてみたいから<br>
蘇れば 儚き命<br>　
繰り返す愛しさが導いた<br>
胸に泡沫の調べ 流れる世界の終わり<br>
諦めはしない 今が繋ぐ明日探そう<br>
契れ舞う羽は 未来の空にも向かう<br>
忘れないで 私たち一つの水晶（クリスタル）<br>
輝いて（眩しくて）割れないのよ<br>
離さない（離れない）誓いのDestiny<br>
Lost the paradise, Ah !<br>
消えるよまた 優しい日々が<br>
思い出を汚すのは許せない<br>
ここは裏切りの楽園（ティル・ナ・ノーグ）さ迷う心の涯に<br>
光を求めて 祈る言葉届けあなたに<br>
囚われの羽が 遥かな空へと向かう<br>
信じたいよ 私たち孤独じゃない<br>
分かり合う（求め合う）絆の中<br>
離さない（離れない）見詰めてParadise Lost

</doc>
<doc id="20407945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407945" title="Ibn al-Wafid">
Ibn al-Wafid

Ali Ibn al-Husain Ibn al-Wafid () (997-ca.1074), known in Latin Europe as , was a pharmacologist and physician from Toledo. He was the vizier of Al-Mamun of Toledo. His main work is "Kitāb al-adwiya al-mufrada" (, translated into Latin as ') and it was printed in Latin more than fifty times, appearing as '.
Ibn al-Wafid was mainly a pharmacist in Toledo, and he used the techniques and methods available in alchemy to extract at least 520 different kinds of medicines from various plants and herbs.
His student Ali Ibn al-Lukuh was the author of , a famous botanical dictionary.

</doc>
<doc id="20407970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407970" title="Peter Russell (poet)">
Peter Russell (poet)

Irwin Peter Russell (16 September 1921 – 22 January 2003) was a British poet, translator and critic. He spent the first half of his life—apart from war service—based in Kent and London, being the proprietor of a series of bookshops, editing the influential literary magazine "Nine" and being part of the literary scene. Bankruptcy and divorce led to several years of travel which took him to Berlin, Venice, British Columbia and Iran, amongst other places. After the Iranian Revolution he settled permanently in Italy, where he spent the rest of his life. He lived in considerable financial hardship and throughout all he lived a life dedicated to poetry. His work never became mainstream, but it is highly regarded in some circles.
Biography.
Russell was born in Bristol and educated at Malvern College. During World War II he served in the Royal Artillery as an intelligence officer in India and Burma, he left the army with the rank of major. After the war, he studied English at Queen Mary College, London. He left without taking a degree.
In 1948 Russell set up an "Ezra Pound Circle' which met once a fortnight in a London pub. Arthur Moore encouraged him, passing on advice from Pound: "E.P. thinks you might do as he used to half a century ago ... arrange to be at a given eating place at a given hour each week ... It must be cheap enough so anyone can afford it, and at a place where such a gathering would be made comfortable." That summer Russell went to Italy and met Olga Rudge at Siena, met Pound's friend John Drummond in Rome, and visited Rapallo where he met D. D. Paige who was staying in Pound's old flat engaged in the arduous task of compiling the first selection of Pound's letters.
In 1951 Russell married Marjorie Keeling-Bloxam. Her brother-in-law was Albion Harman, son of the self-proclaimed king of Lundy, the largest island in the Bristol Channel. In the 1950s Russell often visited Lundy, and enjoyed bird-watching there.
In 1949 Russell founded the literary magazine "Nine" (named after the Nine Muses) which in its eleven issues published many notable poets including George Barker, Basil Bunting, Roy Campbell, Ronald Duncan, Paul Eluard, William Empson, David Gascoyne, Robert Graves, Michael Hamburger. The following year he started The Pound Press. Russell published work by Pound's friends, "An Examination of Ezra Pound" (1950), but also the first English translations of Mandelstam, Pasternak and Borges. Russell ran the Grosvenor Bookshop in Tunbridge Wells from 1951 to 1959. Both "Nine" and the Pound Press ceased operation in 1956, and later that year Russell met the young William Cookson and in 1958 introduced him to Krystyna and Czesław Bednarczyk of The Poets' and Painters' Press and suggested that Cookson found his own journal, which was to be the long-running "Agenda". Russell introduced him to the works of Hugh McDiarmid and Tom Scott. Cookson saw "Agenda" as in part a continuation of what Russell had done with "Nine". In 1995 "Agenda" brought out one of its dedicated issues: 'A Tribute to Peter Russell'.
In 1959 the Grosvenor Bookshop went out of business, and he opened the Gallery Bookshop in Soho, London. He finally went bankrupt in 1963 and with the collapse of his marriage, he moved to Berlin. In 1965 he relocated to Venice. He had rooms in the Campo de la Bragola.
In the mid 1970s he held a writing fellowship as poet in residence at the University of Victoria in British Columbia, where he met his second wife, Lana Sue Long, who was around 30 years his junior. Two daughters, Kathleen and Chris, were born to the couple in 1975 and 1976. After leaving Canada, the family moved to Tehran, where Russell taught and studied at the Imperial Academy of Philosophy. Their third child, a son, Peter George, was born there in 1977. They remained in Iran until the 1979 revolution, when they returned to Italy, where they lived together under considerable financial hardship. In 1989 Lana returned with the three children to North America, settling in Jackpot, Nevada, and the couple divorced in the 1990s. Tuscany was Russell's home for the last forty years of his life. In 1983 he moved into an old mill — "La Turbina" — in Pian di Scò, in the Valdarno near Arezzo. Life at the mill was rudimentary, and there was hardly any furniture, although there were thousands of books in a variety of languages, and a supply of whisky and cigarettes. Russell essentially lived in the kitchen, the most habitable and only warm room of the house.
From 1990 her began editing the "Marginalia Newsletter," which appeared alternately in English (odd numbered issues) and Italian (even numbered issues). In the early 1990s he began working with his son, now a teenager, on the translations in his bilingual collections of his poems.
In April 2001 serious health problems associated with a gastric ulcer led to three months in hospital, followed by a further three months in a sanatorium for the elderly. Around this time he became effectively completely blind.
Russell translated varied works from several European languages, he also worked in Persian and Arabic; he was the first English translator of Osip Mandelstam. His close friends included Kathleen Raine and Leonello Rabatti. He was a cousin of Bertrand Russell
He died in the hospital at San Giovanni Valdarno, only 15 minutes or so by car from Pian di Scò.
Work.
Dana Gioia has described Russell as "a poet of striking contradictions. He is an immensely learned writer with an anti-academic temperament, a Modernist bewitched by classicism, a polyglot rooted in demotic English, an experimentalist in love with strict traditional forms, a natural democrat suspicious of the Left, and a mystic committed to clarity."

</doc>
<doc id="20407972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407972" title="Asante Gullit Okyere">
Asante Gullit Okyere

Gullit Asante Okyere (born May 23, 1988) is a footballer who plays as a forward for amateurs Grumellese.
Early life.
Okyere was born in Santa Maria Capua Vetere, Italy as son of Ghanaian immigrants who later moved to Palazzolo sull'Oglio.
Career.
He began his career at Atalanta youth team In mid-2007, he joined Caravaggese of Serie C2. He returned to Atalanta in the 2008–09 season, playing with the Primavera under-19 team.
In summer 2009 he left the team for Caravaggese.
In summer 2010 he joined Eccellenza amateurs Palazzolo on a free transfer.
After two years, he joined the squad of ScanzoPedrengo, in Eccellenza; he played all the 34 games of the season scoring also 25 goals; the team finished the championship in the second position.

</doc>
<doc id="20407997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407997" title="Buckland, Portsmouth">
Buckland, Portsmouth

Buckland is a residential area of the city of Portsmouth in the English county of Hampshire.
Buckland, then known as Bocheland, was one of the three settlements on Portsea Island mentioned in the Domesday Book. The Manor of Bocheland was purchased by Jean de Gisors. De Gisors, a Norman lord who then founded Portsmouth on land at the southern end of the manor, in 1180. The area was extensively bombed during the Second World War. Due to this, and the slum nature of much of what housing was left, large parts were demolished and replaced with social housing built in the 1950s and '60s.
Charles Dickens was born in Buckland in 1812. His father moved to Portsmouth to work at the Naval Base. He bought a terraced house in an area close to the base then called Newtown.The house of his birth is now a museum. It stands in Old Commercial Road which is to this day a very prestigious street containing many listed Georgian and Victorian terraced houses and town houses.
There is no official boundary of Buckland, but the locals usually define it as the A2047 to the north, Kingston Road to the east, Lake Road to the south and Mile End Road to the west.
Copperfield and Pickwick houses are another twin set of tower blocks which are 11 stories high. Mickawber house is a mid rise block. Buckland is quite deprived and has a very high population density.
Flying Bull Primary and Nursery School serves the Buckland area.

</doc>
<doc id="20408062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408062" title="Godič">
Godič

Godič () is a village on the left bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Godič was first attested in written sources in 1426 as "Goditsch" (and as "Godicz" in 1447). The name is derived from the plural form *"Godiči", from the patronymic "Godič" based on a name such as *"Godislavъ", *"Godimirъ", etc. The name thus means 'place where Godič and his people live.' In the 19th century the German name was "Goditsch".
Cultural heritage.
In 1993 the Archaeological Section of the National Museum of Slovenia excavated a Roman cave shrine in a local rock shelter known as "Pod Gričo". A number of votive offerings, coins, potshards, and animal bones were found at the site.
Notable natives.
Notable people that were born or lived in Godič include:

</doc>
<doc id="20408065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408065" title="Mythimna loreyimima">
Mythimna loreyimima

The Sugar Cane Armyworm ("Mythimna loreyimima") is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Asia and Australia. They term “Armyworm” is used because of their habit to spread out in a line across a lawn or pasture, and slowly “marching” forward, meanwhile consuming the foliage they encounter.
The wingspan is about 35 mm.
The larvae feed on agricultural plants, such as Saccharum officinarum and Poaceae species and are thus considered a pest.

</doc>
<doc id="20408094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408094" title="Hollier v Rambler Motors (AMC) Ltd">
Hollier v Rambler Motors (AMC) Ltd

Hollier v Rambler Motors (AMC) Ltd 2 QB 71 is an English contract law case, concerning the incorporation of terms into a contract and the "contra proferentum" rule of interpretation. It shows an example of a very hostile interpretation of exclusion clauses.
Facts.
Walter Hollier took his Rambler car for garage repairs. He had been to this garage on three or four occasions in the past five years before, and he had usually signed an invoice which said the
"company is not responsible for damage caused by fire to customers’ cars on the premises."
He did not sign the form on this occasion. Unfortunately, some wiring in the garage was faulty. Rambler Motors Ltd had negligently failed to inspect or maintain it. A fire broke out and burnt down the garage, with Mr Hollier's car in it. Mr Hollier sued Rambler Motors Ltd for the cost of his car.
Judgment.
The Court of Appeal held that a previous course of dealing did not incorporate the term, because there was neither a regular nor consistent course of dealings. It went on to ask what would have happened were it incorporated, and held that the exclusion clause would still not have been effective to save Rambler Motors Ltd for liability, because it should be construed against the person relying on it ("contra proferentum") and this clause covered more than negligence. A reasonable person would think liability for other things beyond the garage's own control would be excluded, but not the garage's own fault. Salmon LJ observed the following. 
He refers to Scrutton LJ in "Rutter v Palmer" 2 KB 87 saying a clear clause excluding negligence liability "will more readily operate to exempt him." Also, in "Alderslade v. Hendon Laundary Ltd" [1945 KB 189, Lord Greene MR was not seeking to extend the law, and here was quite different, because the reasonable person would see a number of other causes of fire. It would surprise an ordinary person if it applied to a fire caused by the garage’s own negligence (rather than an external cause). If they wanted to make exclusions for their own negligence ‘they ought to have done so in far plainer language’.

</doc>
<doc id="20408099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408099" title="Aisquith Farm E Archeological Site">
Aisquith Farm E Archeological Site

Aisquith Farm E Archeological Site is an archaeological site near Riva in Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is one of several small sites located within the confines of Aisquith farm. It is associated with the Early and Middle Woodland periods of cultural development in Anne Arundel County. The site is significant as a base camp property type.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20408121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408121" title="1979 African Cup Winners' Cup">
1979 African Cup Winners' Cup

The 1978 season of the African Cup Winners' Cup football club tournament was won by Canon Yaoundé in two-legged final victory against Gor Mahia. This was the fifth season that the tournament took place for the winners of each African country's domestic cup. Twenty-eight sides entered the competition, with USCA Bangui, Al Ittihad El Iskandary, Al Nil Wad Medani withdrawing before 1st leg of the first round. No preliminary round took place during this season of the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20408134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408134" title="Hjalmar Peterson">
Hjalmar Peterson

Hjalmar Peterson was a singer and comedian from Sweden, who achieved great popularity during the 1910s and 1920s. His stage name was Olle i Skratthult (Olle from Laughtersville).
Swedish-American entertainer.
Hjalmar Peterson was born in Munkfors, Värmland on February 7, 1886. After coming to the United States in 1906 and living in Willmar, Minnesota for several years, he eventually settled in Minneapolis. At first Peterson worked as a bricklayer in the new country, but before long he embarked on a career as a professional entertainer. In 1909 he returned to Sweden as a member of the Swedish-American Quartet, and during its two-year tour he gathered the songs, stories and jokes he would later use as a solo performer. 
Back in America Peterson adopted the persona of Olle i Skratthult and began performing on the Scandinavian-language vaudeville circuit. Olle was a "bondkomiker" (peasant comic), and he dressed the part with a blacked-out tooth and straw-colored wig. By 1916 he had a touring group, and the following year he married the company’s leading lady, Olga Lindgren.
Olle i Skratthult was a full-time entertainer for most of his adult life and for many years was the most famous performer in Scandinavian vaudeville. During the 1920s he toured the country with a large band and was enthusiastically greeted by both ethnic and mainstream audiences. His touring company also had several actors. An evening’s entertainment often began with a short play and ended with a public dance. Olle was generally not in the featured work but appeared between acts in olios, during which he told far-fetched stories and sang diverting songs. A full-length theatrical evening was rare unless it was F. A. Dahlgren's musical drama "Värmlänningarna" (The people of Värmland).
A phenomenon.
"Last night I decided to try to gain entrance to Tuckerman Hall, and since I did not arrive until 8 o'clock, I would not have been able to get in if it had not been for my press pass. I lost two buttons on my overcoat in the melee, but that did not matter, as long as I finally got a seat — that is I had to be satisfied with standing room in the rear. And, I did something I had never done before, and never expect to do again — unless I go to an "Olle-show" — that is I stood on my two tired feet over two hours — and enjoyed myself. There is a lot of complaining to be heard from theatrical people, to the effect that revenue is falling off and that the radio and the phonographs keep the public at home. Well, the Swedish public at least did not stay at home that night. The hall was packed an hour before the time when it was scheduled to start, and hundreds clamored for admittance in vain. A man, who can attract crowds like that in these days, must be a phenomenon. Of course he does not do all the performing himself; he is ably assisted by his lovely wife, Olga, and by some very clever dancers, and a bunch of virtuosos, who make up the Olle i Skratthult orchestra. It is a splendid aggregation of musicians, to say the least, and I need not add that my tired feet forgot their tired feeling as soon as the first strains from the instruments were heard, and I danced with glee until the "Home, sweet home" gave the signal that the show was at an end." 
Later years.
Peterson only performed in Swedish, and as the use of that language declined in America so too did his popularity. As the tours became smaller there were fewer musicians and actors to accompany him. At the very end there was only Olle.
Hjalmar and Olga were divorced in 1933. He remarried, and his second marriage produced two children. Peterson stopped touring and began appearing on the radio. During the 1940s he lived in Marquette, Michigan, where he was the proprietor of a tavern and dance hall. His entertainment career ended with the death of his wife Mora in 1949. Three years later Peterson underwent a religious conversion and joined the Salvation Army. He became a gospel singer and once again drew large crowds, this time with a program of old favorite hymns. He died in Minneapolis on June 24, 1960.
Popular recording artist.
Between 1916 and 1929 Olle i Skratthult (Hjalmar Peterson) recorded 46 songs, primarily for Columbia and Victor Records. In addition, the Hjalmar Peterson Orchestra recorded 18 instrumental tracks for Victor. Some of the Victor numbers were subsequently released on the company’s low-priced Bluebird label. 
Columbia and Victor always listed Olle under both his real name and his stage name. Some records gave Hjalmar Peterson top billing. Others gave precedence to Olle i Skratthult. Instrumentals were credited to Olle i Skratthults Luffarekapell, Hjalmar Peterson’s Hobo Orchestra and to other similar names. Olle’s band did not appear on the records, which were made by studio musicians in New York and Chicago. Among the session players were country music singer Carson Robison on guitar and Arvid Franzen on accordion. 
Ted Johnson, a onetime musician in Olle's company, became a bandleader in the 1930s and made several recordings with his own group. Johnson was, incidentally, the pipe-smoking fiddler in the memorable 1926 photo of the Hobo Orchestra. 
As a recording artist Olle relied on many Swedish songwriters and poets. The most important of these were Lars Bondeson, F. A. Dahlgren, Gustaf Fröding, David Hellström, Jeremias i Tröstlösa, Jödde i Göljaryd, Skånska Lasse, Anna Myrberg, Emil Norlander, Kalle Nämdeman, Ernst Rolf, Göran Svenning and Fred Winter. 
Best known for his comedy, Olle also had romantic waltzes in his repertoire. He recorded, for instance, "Malmö valsen" (The Malmö waltz), written by Svenning and Hellström for the Baltic Exhibition of 1914.
A contemporary recording artist, who had much in common with Olle, was Charles G. Widdén. The classically-trained singer Joel Mossberg took much of his repertoire from the Swedish choral tradition, but he and Olle each recorded several comic songs written by Lars Bondeson. 
Not all of Olle’s songs had Swedish roots. "Den lustige kopparslagarn" (The jolly coppersmith), which Olle recorded three times, was of German origin. "Barndomshemmet" (My childhood home), which his wife Olga performed, was an adaptation of "On the banks of the Wabash", the state song of Indiana. There were other examples of American popular music in Olle’s repertoire. "Just kiss yourself good-bye" in Swedish became "Petters olycksaliga frieri" (Peter's unlucky marriage proposal). "I'm forever blowing bubbles" was likewise "Såpbubblor" (Soap bubbles). "Just kiss yourself good-bye" was a so-called Coon song, but its racial stereotypes were absent from the Swedish version.
Some of Olle’s final recordings were taken from more traditional sources. In 1928 he recorded the folk song "Jag gick mig ut en sommerdag" (I went out one summer day). The next year he recorded the broadside ballad "Hjalmar och Hulda" (Hjalmar and Hulda). These sorrowful tales were a departure from his usual lighthearted fare.
In addition to his records Olle i Skratthult published and sold several songbooks. The small pamphlets included songs he had recorded and other material from his live performances. His 1921 and 1922 songbooks are on file at the Minnesota Historical Society.
Olle i Skratthult will be forever associated with the song "Nikolina". He recorded it in 1917 for Columbia and in 1923 and 1929 for Victor. It is estimated that 100,000 copies of the song were sold, a remarkable feat for a foreign-language record. "Nikolina" is the tragicomic story of a couple, whose desire for romantic happiness is thwarted by the girl’s autocratic father. The song had a great appeal for immigrant audiences, who strongly identified with the young lovers’ plight. An English version, recorded by Slim Jim and the Vagabond Kid (Ernest and Clarence Iverson), introduced the song to the rest of America.
Renewed interest in Olle i Skratthult.
In the 1970s Olle i Skratthult was rediscovered in his native country and in the United States. 
The Swedish Emigrant Institute of Växjö gave prominent mention to Olle i Skratthult and Charles G. Widdén in a 1973 exhibit on entertainment in Swedish America. A small disc was produced for the occasion with excerpts from their songs and stories. 
The Snoose Boulevard Festival was held in the Cedar-Riverside neighborhood of Minneapolis from 1972 through 1977. In the late 19th century Cedar Avenue became known as “Snoose Boulevard”, a nickname often given to the main street in Scandinavian communities. The term derived from the residents’ fondness for "snus" (snuff), an inexpensive form of tobacco. The event, which celebrated the area’s Scandinavian past, featured the music, food, and arts of the immigrants who had once lived there. It also highlighted the careers of Olle i Skratthult (Hjalmar Peterson), Slim Jim and the Vagabond Kid (Ernest and Clarence Iverson) and the Olson Sisters (Eleonora and Ethel Olson).
Reissues and other recordings.
In conjunction with the festival the Swedish-born singer Anne-Charlotte Harvey recorded three albums of folk tunes, emigrant ballads, hymns, waltzes and comic songs. The non-profit Olle i Skratthult Project sponsored the annual celebration and the recordings. Harvey’s albums, produced by the renowned ethnomusicologist Maury Bernstein, included twelve songs from Olle’s repertoire. In 1976 the Olle i Skratthult Project reissued two of Olle's most popular recordings as a single: "Nikolina" and "Flickan På Bellmansro".
Banjar Records, a label based in the Twin Cities, released one song by Olle and two by his Hobo Orchestra in 1983.
Olle's recordings were released in Sweden as well. The Centre for Swedish Folk Music and Jazz Research had three of his songs on its album “From Sweden to America”, which was released as an LP in 1981 and as a CD in 1996. Recorded in Sweden and the United States between 1917 and 1980, the collection had songs by Olle i Skratthult, Olga Lindgren, Gustav Fonandern, Lydia Hedberg, Ragnar Hasselgren and Anne-Charlotte Harvey. In 2011 the twenty-three tracks on the CD were released on iTunes and Amazon mp3. 
Gustav Fonandern and Lydia Hedberg were two of the Swedish performers, who met with Olle i Skratthult in the 1920s or were guest artists with his company. Their American tours were an important source of new material for the Swedish-American song repertoire. 
The Swedish gospel singer Lapp-Lisa toured the United States in 1949, 1954 and 1959. Her song "Barnatro" (Childhood Faith) was enormously popular on both sides of the Atlantic. In the early 1950s Hjalmar Peterson became a member of the Salvation Army, an organization in which Lapp-Lisa served for many years. 
Twenty years after the first Snoose Boulevard Festival the Great American History Theatre of St.Paul paid tribute to Hjalmar Peterson with its 1992 production “Olle From Laughtersville”. During the play’s run a souvenir audio cassette was sold with four of Olle’s recordings.
The illustrator R. Crumb put out a CD in 2000 with some of his favorite vintage recordings. Olle's Hobo Orchestra not only provided one of the tunes but also appeared on the cover in a drawing by the artist.
Foreword to 1908 songbook.
Swedes have had the reputation of familiarizing themselves faster than anyone else with the customs and traditions of various countries — to take them in stride. 
About two years ago a happy and energetic young man came to this country from the province of Värmland. His name was Hjalmar Peterson, and he had already successfully appeared on stage in his home district under the name of "Olle i Skratthult". But little did he suspect that he would soon establish himself as America's foremost Swedish comedian, storyteller and singer. Like our great American actors and entertainers "Olle i Skratthult" now offers his songs and stories for sale, and it is to be hoped that this little book will do well since it contains many of the choice pieces with which "Olle" has had great success, written by such well-known Swedish humorists as Gustaf Fröding, F.A. Dahlgren and Jödde i Göljaryd.
This book has been published to earn a little extra income and to make “Olle” more familiar to Swedish-American audiences. It is his dearest wish to devote all of his time to the theater instead of the current situation where he carries mortar one day and appears on stage the next. 
Tall tales in 1921 songbook.
My brother, you know, he got a little sick. And so I took him to the doctor. The doctor he said there was something wrong with my brother’s eye. So the doctor he took out my brother’s eye and put it in a bowl that was sitting on the table. But then something awful happened. The doctor’s big cat was in the room too, and she saw my brother’s eye lying in that bowl. And the cat — she went and swallowed up the eye of my brother. And I didn’t want to say anything, of course, when the doctor didn’t say anything. But no sooner had it happened than the doctor turned and saw the empty bowl. And then he said, Where has your brother’s eye gone? And then I said, Well, and I laughed and said, the cat swallowed it. But then the doctor got furious and took the cat by the rump and threw her against the wall, and all at once she was as dead as a doornail. Then the doctor took out the cat’s eye and put it in my brother, and he was fine and could see fine with the cat’s eye. But one time a little later on I was on the front steps at home when the doctor came by. And he said, How’s your brother doing? Oh, thank you, Mister Doctor, I said, everything’s just fine. He sees real good with that cat’s eye. But the worst thing is that now he watches the girls with the one eye, and he watches the rat holes with the other.
Well, the other day when I was out walking, I met my cousin Josef from Muck Meadow. I couldn't understand what was wrong, why he wasn't working, 'cause he'd been working for several years for that big farmer over at Sweet Ridge, so I asked him if he wasn't working there anymore. No, he said, I quit, he said. Really? You quit? I said. Yes, he said, I quit, he said. Oh, I said, but why did you quit? I said. Well, he said, the food got so bad, he said. Really, I said, the food got so bad? I said. Yes, he said, the food got so bad, he said, so I had to quit, he said. You see, he said, first the big cow died, he said, and then we had to eat her up, he said; and then all of a sudden the big sow died, and then we had to eat her up, he said. But, he said, finally the farmer's wife died, he said, and — that's when I quit! he said.
External links.
Historic American Newspapers
Book excerpt
Swedish music and film
Swedish Wikipedia
Photos
Snoose Boulevard articles
Snoose Boulevard photos at the Minnesota Historical Society 
Discographies
Swedish media database
Streaming audio at the National Jukebox
Streaming audio at the Internet Archive
Videos
SONGS AND STORIES FROM HJALMAR PETERSON SONGBOOKS
Poetry Anthologies at the Internet Archive
Songbooks at the Internet Archive
Sheet music
Song texts
F. A. Dahlgren songs
Gustaf Fröding songs and stories
Translations 

</doc>
<doc id="20408149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408149" title="Arundel Cove Archaeological Site">
Arundel Cove Archaeological Site

Arundel Cove Archaeological Site is an archaeological site near Baltimore in Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is situated on the south shore of Arundel Cove, a tributary of Curtis Creek which drains into the Patapsco River. The site was discovered during routine shovel test pitting of the U.S. Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay in 1981. The test pits revealed that the site is small in size, extending only 20 feet north-south by 15 feet east-west. It represents the remains of a prehistoric summer camp which apparently was not repeatedly occupied. It contains a prehistoric period storage pits, with evidence of the use of galium and wild black cherry.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20408152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408152" title="Mike Rose (painter)">
Mike Rose (painter)

Mike Rose (* November 22, 1932 in Grünenplan near Delligsen, Lower Saxony; † August 16, 2006 in Bamberg, Bavaria; birth name "Klaus Viktor Gottfried Rose") was a German painter, set designer und writer.
Life.
Mike Rose experienced the second world war in Thuringia; and therewith the destruction and reconstruction of both, West and East Germany. Once he completed high school in 1952, he began to study medicine, psychology, philosophy, literature and art history at the University of Göttingen. In addition he worked part-time as a student assistant in a laboratory, in various factories and building sites, as well as in mines and in the harbour. It has to be noted that Mike Rose started painting and writing well before he completed high school.
His first exhibition took place in 1958 in Hamburg. In 1959 he worked as a free lance set designer in Bayreuth at the Bayreuth Festival, and later became a set designer in the city Bamberg. In order to be an independent individual as well as an artist, Mike Rose began to study education in 1965/1966, completing the two required state examination in 1966 and 1969. At first he taught as a primary teacher, and later, upon passing the second state exam, as a teacher in a special school with handicapped children. 
From 1974 to 1975 Mike Rose also participated in educating new teachers, as well as being a work experience teacher for work experience students in the field of social studies at the University of Bamberg (1975 – 1985). His work as a stage designer at the theatre of Bamberg continued until 1979. From 1971 – 1972 Mike Rose was the second chairman of the German Federation of Artists in Upper-Franconia (Bundesverband Bildener Künstler Oberfranken).
In 1972 he became a member of the French artistic movement "Lettrisme" in Paris. In this new capacity he participated in their exhibitions until the 1980s. 
Mike Rose displayed abstract, written- and drawn- paintings, collages, objects and sculptures in approximately 200 exhibitions in the following cities: Berlin, Castrop-Rauxel, Frankfurt/Main, Kassel, Cologne, Munich, Nuremberg, Plauen, Nice, Paris, Strasburg, Bologna, Zürich, Bern, Graz, Budapest, Boston, New York and San Francisco. 
Mike Rose’s idea of “Communication-Art” led to the establishment of the didactic gallery “Studio M” in 1973. Here Mike Rose displayed a cross-section of all kinds of contemporary art until 1988. In addition he lectured at adult evening classes in Bamberg from 1972-1978. His occupation concerned itself with the education of adults in the field of fine arts, introduction to contemporary art, the construction of art classes for children and creative work with prisoners of the penal institution in Bamberg.
He received fresh inspiration for his artistic and literary work through study trips to Italy, France, Spain and Greece. In 2003 he received the “Berganza-Preis” award from the art society of Bamberg (Kunstverein Bamberg). 
After having lived in Grünenplan, Gehren, Ilmenau, Alfeld/Leine, Göttingen, Hannover and Hamburg, Bamberg became his home. He was married a number of times and is the father of six children. 
Mike Rose’s work was ended by serious diabetes and blood cancer which led to a leg amputation. Mike Rose died in 2006 and was buried in the cemetery of Bamberg. Several of Mike Rose’s artworks are today in possession of, amongst others, the Bamberger Bank, Citibank, Sparkasse Bamberg, as well as the cities Bamberg, Castrop-Rauxel, Munich and Nuremberg. 
Works
Mike Rose’s work covers various artistic areas such as painting and literature. Mike Rose described himself as a “painter and poet”.
Mike Rose’s artistic paint work can be divided into the following 5 phases:
Mike Rose also created stage sets to, amongst others, the following pieces:
Apart from his role as a teacher, painter, stage designer, sculptor and writer, Mike Rose also had a passion for music, especially Free Jazz.

</doc>
<doc id="20408167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408167" title="Nieuport-Delage NiD 39">
Nieuport-Delage NiD 39

__NOTOC__
The Nieuport-Delage NiD 39 was an airliner produced in France in the late 1920s, developed from the NiD 38. The airline "Compagnie Aérienne Française" had purchased four examples of the previous aircraft and ordered an improved version with greater passenger capacity from the manufacturer. Like its predecessor, the NiD 39 was a single-bay biplane of conventional design with an enclosed cabin its passengers and an open cockpit for the pilot. However, while the NiD 38 could only carry two passengers, the NiD 39 could carry four. CAF also specified the engine to be used – the Armstrong Siddeley Lynx – although the first eight examples produced flew with the same Hispano-Suiza engine that had powered the NiD 38. The airline operated around thirty examples on routes between western European cities until 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="20408190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408190" title="Golice, Kamnik">
Golice, Kamnik

Golice is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20408225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408225" title="Beck Northeast Site (18AN65)">
Beck Northeast Site (18AN65)

The Beck Northeast Site is an archaeological site near Davidsonville in Anne Arundel County, Maryland. This site was discovered in the 1930s and investigations since that time have revealed artifacts dating from the Late Archaic period through the Middle Woodland period.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20408266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408266" title="Swing Batta Swing">
Swing Batta Swing

Swing Batta Swing is the debut album by K7. It was released on November 9, 1993 for Tommy Boy Records and was produced by Frankie Cutlass, K7, Joey Gardner and Mike Lorello.
The album did fairly well on the charts, peaking at #96 on the Billboard 200, #54 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #1 on the Top Heatseekers. The album featured three hit singles, including his most popular song, "Come Baby Come", which made it to #19 on the Billboard 200 and #9 on the Hot Rap Singles. Other singles include "Zunga Zeng" (#61 US, #23 US Rap) and "Move it Like This" (#54 US, #26 US Rap).
Samples.
Come Baby Come
Hi De Ho
Zunga Zeng

</doc>
<doc id="20408268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408268" title="Katcef Archeological Site">
Katcef Archeological Site

The Katcef Archeological Site is an archaeological site near Crofton in Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is a series of overlapping base camp sites dating from the Clovis phase of the Paleoindian period, through to the Late Woodland period. The primary era of site utilization was during the Late Archaic period.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20408270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408270" title="Postăvarul Massif">
Postăvarul Massif

The Postăvarul massif is a massif in Romania, being part of the Romanian Carpathians, (which are part of the Carpathian mountains range). The altitude of the highest peak, also named Postavarul is 1799 metres.
Geographically the Postăvarul Massif stands at the southern end of the grand arc of the Eastern Carpathians. Together with the neighboring Piatra Mare Massif it forms the Barsei Mountains group, neighbouring the southern side of Tara Barsei (Burzenland) depression.
Poiana Brasov, one of the best known ski resorts in Romania, is located on the northern slopes of Postavarul mountain. The peak of the mountain can be easily reached from the resort by cable car.

</doc>
<doc id="20408271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408271" title="List of Chorlton and the Wheelies episodes">
List of Chorlton and the Wheelies episodes

The following is an episode list for the television series "Chorlton and the Wheelies". The first episode originally aired in the United Kingdom on 27 September 1976, and the programme ran for three series over three years. The final episode aired on 18 June 1979.
"Chorlton and the Wheelies" was an animated children's television series that followed the adventures of Chorlton, a happiness dragon, in Wheelie World.

</doc>
<doc id="20408275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408275" title="Gozd, Kamnik">
Gozd, Kamnik

Gozd () is a small village in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Brška Vas (), Gornja Vas (), and Laze (), as well as several isolated farms: Zabrezje or Brezovje, Brezovnik, Repovničar, Kajžar, Strahon, Breg, and Zabrinje. 
Name.
The settlement was historically attested under a variety of names: first as German "Spizholz" in 1257, and then as Latin "in Silua" (1313) and German "auf dem Walde" (1318). The Slovene name "Gozd" is semantically identical to the German and Latin names (meaning 'forest') and is derived from the common noun "gozd" 'forest'. Locally, the settlement is known as "Gojzd" (adjective form "gojški"), and the Gozd Pasture () on the Big Pasture Plateau () is named after the village. In the 19th century the German name was "Goisd".
Church.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Anne.

</doc>
<doc id="20408313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408313" title="Magothy Quartzite Quarry Archeological Site">
Magothy Quartzite Quarry Archeological Site

The Magothy Quartzite Quarry Archeological Site is an archaeological site near Pasadena in Anne Arundel County, Maryland. The site consists of several large outcroppings of quartzite and sandstone, that may have been utilized by prehistoric Native American groups as early as the Middle Archaic period, if not earlier.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20408337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408337" title="Kazuko Takatsukasa">
Kazuko Takatsukasa

, formerly , was the wife of Toshimichi Takatsukasa and third daughter of Emperor Shōwa and Empress Kōjun. As such, she was an elder sister to the present Emperor of Japan, Emperor Akihito.
Biography.
Princess Taka was born at the Tokyo Imperial Palace. Her childhood appellation was . As was the practice of the time, she was not raised by her biological parents, but by a succession of court ladies at a separate palace built for her and her younger sisters in the Marunouchi district of Tokyo. She graduated from the Gakushuin Peer’s School in March 1948, and spent a year in the household of former Chamberlain of Japan Saburo Hyakutake learning skills to be a bride. On 21 May 1950, she married Toshimichi Takatsukasa, the eldest son of ex-Duke and "guji" of Meiji Shrine, Nobusuke Takatsukasa. The marriage received much publicity as it was the first marriage of a member of the imperial family to a commoner.
However, on 28 January 1966, Toshimichi Takatsukasa was found dead of carbon monoxide poisoning at the apartment of his mistress, Michiko Maeda, a Ginza nightclub hostess, giving rise to widely speculative rumors in the Japanese press about his alleged double suicide.
Her misfortunes were not over, as on 22 August 1966, a knife-wielding intruder broke into her home in the middle of the night, and assaulted her, causing injuries to her right and left hands resulting in hospitalization for one week. A shocked Emperor Shōwa ordered that she relocate to within the Tōgū Palace in Akasaka, Tokyo, where she lived until her death of heart failure at the age of 59.
From 1974 to 1988 she served as chief priestess ("saishu") of Ise Shrine.
The Takatsukasas had no children, but adopted Naotake Matsudaira (born 1945) of the former Ogyu Matsudaira clan, as their heir. Formerly President of NEC Telecommunications Systems, he is currently chief priest of Ise Shrines.
Honours.
"See also List of honours of the Japanese Imperial Family by country"

</doc>
<doc id="20408364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408364" title="Jill Baker">
Jill Baker

Jill Baker (born 1952) is a British actress. She was born Gillian Mary Baker in the UK.
Baker made a brief appearance in Only Fools and Horses, in the episode "The Second Time Around", as Del Boy (David Jason)'s ex-fiance, Pauline Harris.
Personal life.
She was married to Bob Peck from 1982 until his death in 1999; they have three children.
Career.
Her theatre work includes the premiere of "The Secret Rapture" in 1988. She has also been working as an actress in British television since 1975. Along with playing a recurring character in "Rides" and "Fish", she has made cameo appearances in individual episodes of "New Tricks", "Blore M.P", "The Professionals" (1980), "Only Fools and Horses" ("1981"), "Last Bus to Woodstock (A Morse TV-Mystery) (1988),"Prime Suspect" (1995), "Secret Smile" (2005),"Waking the Dead", "Holby City", (2007), "Spooks" (2008) and Wallander, Episode 1 in 2008. She has also appeared as Lady de Lesseps in "Shakespeare in Love". In 2009 she appeared in the ITV Drama "Whatever It Takes", In 2010 she appeared in the ITV Drama "Midsomer Murders".

</doc>
<doc id="20408384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408384" title="Indooroopilly Railway Bridge">
Indooroopilly Railway Bridge

The Indooroopilly Railway Bridge is a railway bridge of steel truss design which crosses the Brisbane River, Queensland, Australia. The Indooroopilly Railway Bridge links Indooroopilly and Chelmer stations, and has two long spans with one central pier. It was built just upstream and parallel to the Albert Bridge as part of the quadruplication of the Ipswich Line between 1955–1957.
History.
The first Indooroopilly Railway Bridge, designed by Henry Charles Stanley, was placed in service in 1876 and washed away in the 1893 Brisbane floods.
The present bridge is 208.5 metres long with two equal spans. The Coordinator-General's Department designed the bridge and the Electric Power Transmission Pty Coy was the construction contractor. The superstructure was designed as a parallel chord truss bridge, fabricated in Italy by the Societa Anonima Elettrificazione S.P.A.

</doc>
<doc id="20408387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408387" title="Martins Pond Site">
Martins Pond Site

The Martins Pond Archeological Site is an archaeological site near Annapolis in Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is a Middle-Late Woodland period site, with lithic, floral, and faunal remains.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20408399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408399" title="Gradišče v Tuhinju">
Gradišče v Tuhinju

Gradišče v Tuhinju () is a small settlement in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlet of Hom (in older sources also "Holm").
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Gradišče" to "Gradišče v Tuhinju" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20408405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408405" title="Cinéma (song)">
Cinéma (song)

"Cinéma" (Cinema) was the Swiss entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in French by Paola del Medico.
The song recollects the childhood of the singer, when she loved the cinema, the lights and the heroes of the cinema (such as Peter Pan, Alice in Wonderland, Charlie Chaplin, Fred Astaire, Buster Keaton, Mickey Mouse and Walt Disney).
The song was performed 9th on the night, following Sweden's Tomas Ledin with "Just nu!" and preceding Finland's Vesa-Matti Loiri with "Huilumies". At the close of voting, it had received 104 points, placing 4th in a field of 19.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1981 Contest by Peter, Sue and Marc with "Io senza te".

</doc>
<doc id="20408443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408443" title="Old Colony Cove Site">
Old Colony Cove Site

The Old Colony Cove Site is an archaeological site near Rose Haven in Anne Arundel County, Maryland. The site consists of a shell midden and is 2,000 feet long by 300 feet wide.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20408459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408459" title="Hrib pri Kamniku">
Hrib pri Kamniku

Hrib pri Kamniku is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Hrib" to "Hrib pri Kamniku" in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20408522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408522" title="Port Clinton, South Australia">
Port Clinton, South Australia

Port Clinton (or simply Clinton) is a town on Yorke Peninsula, facing Gulf St Vincent in South Australia. It is located 130 km south of Port Pirie and 125 km from Adelaide.

</doc>
<doc id="20408549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408549" title="Christ Church, High Harrogate">
Christ Church, High Harrogate

Christ Church, High Harrogate is a parish church in the Church of England located in Harrogate. It was the first church building to be built in Harrogate and is today home to a thriving congregation and - along with the attached Parish Centre - an important focus of community activities.
History.
Christ Church on the Stray was the first permanent church building in Harrogate. Originally a chapel of ease to St John's, Knaresborough, the bulk of the present building was erected in 1831 to designs by John Oates (architect) and consecrated as the first parish church in the town. The transepts and chancel were added in 1862 by Henry Francis Lockwood and William Mawson. There have been significant changes to the building in the 1920s (many major internal changes), the 1930s (the installation of the Compler reredos) and the 1980s (the building of the attached parish centre.)
Christ Church has in turn planted a series of other churches across the town including St. Peter's (1870), St Luke's (1898), and St Andrew's Starbeck (1911). Like Christ Church itself, all of these are thriving Christian communities today.
Christ Church is home to a thriving Christian community of 300+ adults and 170+ children and young people. Although standing in the mainstream of the Anglican (Church of England) tradition, Christ Church seeks actively to welcome people of all traditions.
Sunday Worship:
- 8 am: Holy Communion, a simple said celebration lasting about 40 minutes, with a short address
- 10 am: the Parish Eucharist, the main act of Sunday worship at Christ Church with a large congregation of all ages, and a variety of styles of music.
Daily Prayer:
- Morning Prayer: 8.30 am Monday to Friday (9.30 am on Bank Holidays)
- Evening Prayer: 5.30 pm every day
List of Vicars.
Perpetual Curates (1755 - 1831)
Vicars (1831–present)
"This list is taken directly from the board at the west end of the church and all spellings are as on the board."
Organ.
In 1908 a brand new organ by Norman & Beard was installed. It was rebuilt by John T. Jackson in 1980 with a new detached console. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
Organist and Director of Music.
Derek Bolton 1980's

</doc>
<doc id="20408586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408586" title="Global Library of Women's Medicine">
Global Library of Women's Medicine

The "Global Library of Women's Medicine" is a free and public online reference library launched on 20 November 2008. Its purpose is to provide expert support to obstetricians, gynecologists, and reproductive health professionals.
The site is contributed to by over 750 specialists and its main feature is 446 specially commissioned chapters on most aspects of women's medicine, constantly reviewed and updated. Other content of the site includes a section on laboratory tests, a video library of surgical procedures, a collection of color atlases of visual medicine, lectures, and sections on safer motherhood and women's reproductive rights.
There is also an interactive option, allowing specialists to submit their own commentaries for peer review.
The editor-in-chief is Sabaratnam Arulkumaran, who succeeded John J. Sciarra (Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University).
The website has been certified to be "fully compliant with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information" by the Health On the Net Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20408615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408615" title="Jetta Klijnsma">
Jetta Klijnsma

Jellejetta (Jetta) Klijnsma (born March 18, 1957 in Hoogeveen) is a Dutch politician. As a member of the Labour Party (Partij van de Arbeid) she was an MP from 2010 to 2012. She focused on matters of culture, senior citizens, disabled people and medical ethics. Previously she was State Secretary for Social Affairs and Employment in the Fourth Balkenende cabinet and an alderwoman of the municipality of The Hague. Since November 5, 2012 she has been State Secretary for Social Affairs and Employment, dealing with unemployment insurances (partial), equality, long-term unemployment, poverty, health and safety in the Second Rutte cabinet.
Klijnsma studied history at the University of Groningen, with a specialization in social history and economic history. After graduating she began to work for the Labour Party's parliamentary group. She was assistant to MPs André van der Louw, Marcel van Dam and Thijs Wöltgens.
In 1990 she was elected to the municipal council of The Hague. In 1998 she became alderwoman for welfare, health and emancipation. After the 2006 municipal elections she became responsible for culture and finance and also became vice-mayor. After Wim Deetman stepped down, she was mayor "ad interim" of The Hague. 
In December 2008 she succeeded fellow Labour Party politician Ahmed Aboutaleb as State Secretary for Social Affairs and Employment in the fourth Balkenende cabinet. She was State Secretary till February 2010, when the Labour Party left the cabinet.
Klijnsma has a physical handicap. She was born with spastic legs and only learned how to walk at age thirteen. She has a Calvinist background but turned non-religious and became a member of the Dutch Humanist League.

</doc>
<doc id="20408659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408659" title="Jane Weaver">
Jane Weaver

Jane Weaver is a singer, songwriter and guitarist from Liverpool, England. She runs the record label Bird.
Background.
Weaver has performed as part of the Britpop group Kill Laura, the folktronica project Misty Dixon and as a solo artist.
Between 1993 and 1996 Kill Laura released five singles, two on Polydor and three on the Manchester Records label run by Rob Gretton. Her solo career began shortly after the demise of Kill Laura, and following a number of singles Weaver's first album, "Like An Aspen Leaf", was released in 2002. It featured contributions from Andy Votel, Dave Tyack, Rick Tomlinson (Voice of the Seven Woods), Sam Yates, Naomi Hart and two members of Elbow, Craig Potter and Richard Jupp. Since then, she has released three more albums. "Seven Day Smile" (2006) was a collection of home recordings that featured the band Doves on its title track. The NME review of "Cherlokalate" (2007) declared that “Jane Weaver is the sound of Cat Power if she’d grown up next door to Oasis, stealing their Beatles records and outshining them at the school Christmas concert”. "Fallen By Watchbird" was released in 2010. The Guardian wrote “Psych folk is back. It may have died out with the hippies in the 1970s, but now it has merged with folktronica, and the result here is not as twee and pretentious as one might fear… Weaver's fragile, unworldly voice is carefully balanced against more muscular backing”. The album also received a four (out of five) star review in Mojo.
Weaver formed Misty Dixon in 2002, and the band released one album, "Iced To Mode" (2003).
Bird Records is an offshoot of Twisted Nerve Records and is run by Weaver. It was founded in 2002 and mainly releases recordings by contemporary female folk artists. Most notably, Bird has released the 2007 compilation album "Bearded Ladies" (jointly with the Finders Keepers reissue label). The album brought together both contemporary and vintage psych folk female singers such as Brigitte Fontaine, Bonnie Dobson, Susan Christie and Cate Le Bon. The album has spawned a club night at the Dulcimer bar in Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester.
Weaver appears on the cover artwork of the 2002 Badly Drawn Boy album, "Have You Fed the Fish?".

</doc>
<doc id="20408691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408691" title="Delta Force in popular culture">
Delta Force in popular culture

The special operations unit commonly known as Delta Force has been used often in popular culture;

</doc>
<doc id="20408702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408702" title="2009–10 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season">
2009–10 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season

The 2009–10 South-West Indian Ocean tropical cyclone year officially started on July 1, 2009, and ended on June 30, 2010, after incorporating the tropical cyclone season which ran from November 1 to April 30 for all areas except for Mauritius and the Seychelles, for which it ended on May 15, 2010. In this basin which officially runs from 30 to 90E and is to the south of the equator, the main warning center is the Regional Specialized Meteorological Center on La Reunion Island; however they delegate the naming of Cyclones to the Meteorological services of Mauritius and Madagascar.
It was predicted by the Mauritius Meteorological service that there would be between nine and eleven named storms in the South West Indian Ocean during the season. Their further assessment that there was a good probability of a named storm forming in November was justified when Tropical Cyclone Anja formed on November 14.
__TOC__
Storms.
Tropical Disturbance 01.
Early on August 17, the JTWC reported that an area of disturbed weather had formed about 1200 kilometres, (750 miles), to the east of Diego Garcia. The convection had a developed low level circulation center, however convection had not started to consolidate around it and was in an area of strong vertical wind shear. During that day the disturbance gradually developed further as the environment around it gradually improved and was designated as Tropical Disturbance 01 by RSMC La Reunion early the next day. However later that day they downgraded it to a zone of disturbed weather and released their final advisory on the disturbance as it had remained weak with the low level circulation center remaining weak and exposed. Over the next few days it weakened further before dissipating on August 20.
Zone of Disturbed Weather 02.
During September 17, both TCWC Jakarta and the JTWC reported that an area of convection had persisted about , to the south east of Sumatra in Indonesia. Satellite imagery was showing that the convection was slowly starting to consolidate with a well defined low level circulation centre off the western coast of Sumatra. However it was not expected to develop any further due to being in area of high vertical wind shear in excess of . Despite this it was designated as a tropical low early the next day by TCWC Perth. The JTWC then declared early the next day that the disturbance had dissipated as it crossed 90E and moved into RSMC La Reunion's area of responsibility. TCWC Perth continued to monitor the tropical low as it slowly developed further until early on September 20 when RSMC La Reunion designated it as the second Zone of Disturbed Weather of the 2009–10 as convection had developed over the system and the amount of vertical wind shear over the system had dropped. However they released their final advisory later that day as convection had dissipated in the northern quadrants of the system.
Tropical Disturbance 03.
Early on November 7, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on a system north of Diego Garcia. Later that day, RSMC La Reunion upgraded the system to a tropical disturbance. Despite forecasts that the system would strengthen to a depression, it was substantially affected by shear, and as a result, the JTWC cancelled their TCFA on November 9. 
Tropical Cyclone Anja.
RSMC La Reunion commenced advisories on Tropical Disturbance 04 on November 14, raising the status to a Tropical Depression later the same day. At the time of formation, it was some south of Diego Garcia. Throughout that day, and into the 15th, Anja rapidly intensified from a severe tropical storm to a tropical cyclone on the MFR scale and a Category 3-equivalent cyclone on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale (SSHS), while remaining well away from land. The system displayed annular characteristics and was very small; its diameter was and it displayed a pinhole eye. The storm peaked at a Category 3-equivalent intensity and held its strength until November 17 when the storm rapidly weakened to a tropical storm. Final advisories were issued on November 18 as the system weakened to a depression and became extratropical.
Moderate Tropical Storm Bongani.
On November 22, RSMC La Reunion commenced issuing advisories for Tropical Disturbance 05 about northeast of Madagascar. The next day it strengthened to a Moderate Tropical Storm and was named 'Bongani'. On November 23–24, the system remained small sized and was undergoing a temporarily southeasterly constraint. According to CIMSS data (MIMIC-TPW), the dry air that was to the southwest of the system interfered with circulation of the system and temporarily limited the intensification rate. On the morning of November 24, Bongani rapidly weakened into a tropical disturbance.
The remnants of Bongani brought unsettled weather to the Mayotte Islands. Moderate rains affected the region between November 26 and 27; waves associated with the storm also averaged along coastal areas with some reaching . In the nearby Comoros Islands, waves were similarly high, with the highest reaching .
Intense Tropical Cyclone Cleo.
On December 6, a strong tropical disturbance 06 newly formed in the central Indian Ocean. The storm was expected to strengthen slowly, however, the next day, the disturbance strengthened into a severe tropical storm while being given a designation as Tropical Cyclone 03S by the JTWC. On 8 December it strengthened rapidly to become the first Intense Tropical Cyclone of the season and a Category 4-equivalent cyclone on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale (SSHS). It sustained this strength for a day peaked at a Category 4-equivalent intensity and held its strength as a high strong category 4-equivalent, then on the 10th slowly weakened to a category 2 equivalent cyclone. The weakening continued steadily, and the final advisory was issued on December 12 when the remnants were north of Rodrigues. Later that day, the remnants of Ex-Cleo regenerated to a tropical depression, but it weakened to a tropical disturbance and dissipated on December 14.
Moderate Tropical Storm David.
On December 12, a zone of disturbed weather formed in the Southern Indian Ocean near the border with the Australian sector. The next day the RSMC classified it as Tropical Disturbance 07, and JTWC as Tropical Cyclone 05S, but its movement to cooler water and higher levels of wind shear weakened the tropical system on the 14th. The remnants continued to show a Low level Circulation Centre accompanied by flaring convection as they headed west or northwest, and the organisation began to improve again on the 19th.
In post-season analysis, David was downgraded to a Moderate Tropical Storm as winds were reassessed to have never exceeded 85 km/h (50 mph).
On December 29, the remnants of David brought heavy rain to the islands of Mauritius and Réunion. Most of Mauritius recorded over of rain within a 24-hour span, with a maximum of in Mon Loisir Rouillard. Widespread flash flooding took place across the island, resulting in over 20 calls to firefighters for rescue. Officials deployed special mobile forces in several cities due to the risk of increased flooding.
Very Intense Tropical Cyclone Edzani.
Tropical Low 03U of the Australian Region crossed the 90ºE meridian on 4 January and was designated Tropical Disturbance 8 by RSMC La Réunion. The system showed two low-level circulation centres for a while, but on 5 January these consolidated, and the combination was upgraded to a Tropical Depression. At 0300 UTC on January 6, the JTWC starts issuing advisories designating the system as 07S, and shortly thereafter the RSMC upgraded it to Moderate Tropical Storm Edzani. Early on January 7, RSMC La Reunion upgraded Edzani to a Severe Tropical Storm, and it strengthened rapidly throughout the day to become an Intense Tropical Cyclone. The next day it became a Very Intense Tropical Cyclone and category 5 by JTWC, the first since Juliet in April 2005. On January 9, Edzani was downgraded to an Intense Tropical Cyclone due to decreasing sea surface temperatures. It continued to weaken during the day, as sea surface temperatures continued to decrease. By January 10, it was only a Tropical Cyclone, and within the next few days it weakened to Moderate Tropical Storm strength. The RSMC classified it as a subtropical cyclone by January 12, although JTWC treated it as tropical for 2 days longer.
Tropical Disturbance 09.
An area of disturbed weather, first observed over the Mozambique Channel around 8 January, moved across northern Madagascar and into the Indian Ocean where it displayed occasional bursts of convection. On 15 January the LLCC improved in organisation, and the RSMC designated it as a Tropical Disturbance to the west-southwest of La Réunion. The next day, RSMC La Reunion issued their final advisory on the system as the center was ill-defined.
Subtropical Storm 10.
On January 26, RSMC La Réunion announced that a Zone of Disturbed Weather had formed about NNE of Mauritius. Next day this was raised to a Tropical Disturbance, and JTWC designated is as Tropical Cyclone 11S based on 1-minute wind strength. By January 29 it displayed hybrid characteristics and was classified as a subtropical depression, although the maximum winds reached storm strength.
Moderate Tropical Storm Fami.
On February 1, RSMC La Reunion commenced issuing advisories for Tropical Disturbance 11 in the Mozambique Channel. On February 2 it strengthened to a Moderate Tropical Storm and was named Fami. Shortly after this it made landfall on the western Malagasy coast and weakened rapidly to a depression. Fami dissipated on February 2.
Intense Tropical Cyclone Gelane.
On February 15, the RSMC announced the formation of Tropical Disturbance 12 approximately NNE of La Réunion. Hours later it was classified as Moderate Tropical Storm Gelane. It reached Tropical Cyclone strength briefly on February 17, but quickly weakened to a Severe Tropical Storm. Then on February 18, it restrengthened back into a Tropical Cyclone, eventually becoming an Intense Tropical Cyclone. It remained a small system and weakened rapidly as wind shear effects increased.
Severe Tropical Storm Hubert.
On March 9, a tropical disturbance formed between Madagascar and Réunion. On March 10 it strengthened to a tropical storm and was named Hubert by the meteorological service of Madagascar. It strengthened to a severe tropical storm as it approached the Madagascar coast, and made landfall north of Mananjary. At least ten people were killed by the storm and 32,000 others were affected throughout Madagascar. Later reports confirmed that four other people had been killed and two more were missing. Nearly 38,000 people were left homeless by flooding triggered by torrential rains from the storm.
Tropical Cyclone Imani.
Tropical Disturbance 14 formed on 22 March in the far east of the SW Indian Ocean basin, close to 90ºE. Although the precursor disturbance had been drifting eastwards, TD 14 was predicted to remain in this basin and not move into the Australian. It became a tropical depression later the same day, and was upgraded to Moderate Tropical Storm Imani on 23 March and a Severe Tropical Storm the next day. It continued to strengthen as it moved southwards, and reached tropical cyclone strength on 25 March. It started to dissipate on March 26, and La Reunion had stopped releasing advisories on Imani at 1200z, March 26.
Tropical Depression 15 (Robyn).
The remnants of Cyclone Robyn crossed into this basin on 7 April as a Filling Depression, and a single advisory was issued by RSMC La Réunion.
Subtropical Storm Joel.
An area of convection southwest of Madagascar was designated Subtropical Depression 16 by RSMC La Reunion on 26 May. The small system strengthened rapidly and was soon named Joel, although still classified as a Subtropical Depression. NASA also considered the storm to have been subtropical, attaining peak one-minute sustained winds of 85 km/h (50 mph).
In post-season analysis, Joel was discovered to have briefly been a tropical storm before transitioning into a subtropical cyclone.
Storm Names.
Tropical disturbances are named upon reaching moderate tropical storm strength. If a tropical disturbance reaches this intensity west of 55°E, then the Sub-Regional Tropical Cyclone Advisory Centre in Madagascar assigns the appropriate name to the storm. If it reaches moderate tropical storm strength between 55°E and 90°E, then the Sub-Regional Tropical Cyclone Advisory Centre in Mauritius names the storm. A new list of names is drawn up and used each year, so no names are retired. The names for this season are as follows:
Season effects.
This table lists all the storms that developed in the Southern Hemisphere during the 2009–2010 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season. It includes their intensity, duration, name, landfalls, deaths, and damages. All data is taken from Météo-France. The damage figures are all from 2009 USD.

</doc>
<doc id="20408719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408719" title="List of Delta Force members">
List of Delta Force members

The following is a list of notable Delta Force members:

</doc>
<doc id="20408785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408785" title="Southern railway line">
Southern railway line

The Southern railway line is a railway in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia.
The 197 kilometre long line branches from the Western line at Toowoomba, 161 kilometres west of Brisbane, and proceeds south through the towns of Warwick and Stanthorpe to the New South Wales-Queensland state border at Wallangarra.
History.
The first section of the Southern railway opened from the end of the Main Line railway at Toowoomba to Millhill, a northern suburb of Warwick, on 9 January 1871, the line terminating there to save the cost of a bridge over the Condamine River.
In 1872 tin was discovered at Stanthorpe, but disagreement over the route to be taken through Warwick resulted in the approval to extend the line not being given util 1877. The difficult terrain south of Warwick required two tunnels, one through solid rock which took two years to excavate, and the line opened to Stanthorpe on 3 May 1881.
The Southern line was completed to Wallangarra on 14 February 1887. The first passenger trains between Brisbane and Sydney ran on 16 January 1888, when the New South Wales Main North line was opened. Trains operated via Gowrie Junction on the Western line until 1915 when the Drayton Deviation opened, shaving 30 minutes off journey times.
As all trains from Brisbane to Warwick and beyond had to travel via Toowoomba, a proposal to provide a direct line to Warwick, known as the Via Recta, was developed. That would have involved another crossing of the Main Range through Spicers Gap, involving a spiral loop with uncompensated 1 in 33 grades and 100m radius curves, giving a ruling grade equivalent of 1 in 27. The Via Recta proposal would have involved very significant construction costs, and once it was agreed to extend the standard gauge line from Casino to South Brisbane, the rationale for the Via Recta disappeared.
Prior to the completion of the New South Wales North Coast line in 1930, the Southern line formed part of the main interstate rail link between Brisbane and Sydney via the New South Wales Main North line. The railway systems of the two states use different gauges, Queensland uses while New South Wales uses . This necessitated a break of gauge at Wallangarra with the station consisting of an island platform, with Queensland Railways using the west side and the New South Wales Government Railways the east. The state border traverses the station platform at its southern end.
A triangle was located to the north of the station to allow locomotives to be turned. The last train to operate on the New South Wales line ran in January 1988. There were various proposals to transfer the New South Wales line to Armidale to Queensland Rail but nothing ever eventuated. 
Passenger trains no longer service the Southern line, though the route still sees limited freight activity. The entire length of the line is maintained by QR Limited, the state-owned rail operator.
Branch lines.
Wyreema - Millmerran 70 km, opened to Pittsworth in 1887, extended to Millmerran 1911
Hendon - Goomburra 19 km, opened to Allora in 1897, extended to Goomburra 1912. The Goomburra extension closed in 1961, the Allora section closed in 1993. The Allora station layout required trains to back out of, or into it when traveling to/from Goomburra.
Warwick - Maryvale 30 km, opened 1911, closed 1960, built as the first section of the abandoned Via Recta.
Warwick - Killarney 44 km, opened 1884-5, closed 1964. A 5 km tramway was built from Tannymorel to Mt Colliery by Glengallen Shire Council to serve a coal mine using rollingstock hired from QR. It also closed in 1964.
Cottonvale - Amiens 20 km, opened 1920, closed 1974
Services.
In January 1888 the "Sydney Mail" was introduced, when first class sleeping cars were added to the Wallangarra train (Second class sleeping cars were introduced in 1896). A daily service was provided, departing Brisbane at 19:00, pausing at Toowoomba at 00:30 and arriving at Wallangarra at 07:45. The return service departed Wallangarra at 17:00, pausing at Toowoomba at 00:45 and arriving in Brisbane at 06:15. At Wallangarra passengers transferred to the New South Wales Government Railways' "Brisbane Limited".
A travelling post office was added to the Warwick train in 1877, and extended to Stanthorpe, and then Wallangarra as the line was extended. This was removed from the train in 1932 as a cost saving measure.
In 1908 the Sydney Mail departed Brisbane at 07:10, calling at Toowoomba at 11:10 and after changing trains at Wallangarra, passengers arrived in Sydney at 11:10 the following day. The return service departed Sydney at 17:10, arriving in Brisbane at 21:10 the following day. Carriage connections were introduced in 1908, with a Parlour Car introduced in 1923, and a Buffet Car in 1924. The Parlour Car was transferred to the Townsville Mail in 1930 following the opening of the Standard Gauge line to Brisbane.
Foot-warmers were introduced to the first class compartments of the Sydney Mail in 1911, and provided each winter until 1958.
In 1947 the four Mail Trains per week was reduced to two per week, and was withdrawn in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20408787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408787" title="FC MVD Rossii Moscow">
FC MVD Rossii Moscow

FC MVD Rossii () is a Russian football club from Moscow, founded in 2007. It represents the Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs. Historically the ministry was represented by FC Dynamo Moscow, but Dynamo is now not directly dependent on MVD. Still, several players on the 2008 FC MVD roster played for Dynamo or its youth teams in the past. In 2008, FC MVD won the West zone of the Russian Second Division and advanced to the Russian First Division. On July 17, 2009, the team resigned from the Russian First Division (due to financial strait) after playing 19 games.
Among the club's head coaches were Yuri Kovtun (2008-2009) and Vladimir Eshtrekov (2009).
Notable players.
Had international caps for their respective countries. Players whose name is listed in bold represented their countries while playing for MVD Rossii.

</doc>
<doc id="20408869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408869" title="HMS Alert (1856)">
HMS Alert (1856)

HMS "Alert" was a 17-gun wooden screw sloop of the "Cruizer" class of the Royal Navy, launched in 1856 and broken up in 1894. She was the eleventh ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name (or a variant of it), and was noted for her Arctic exploration work; in 1876 she reached a record latitude of 82° North. "Alert" briefly served with the United States Navy, and ended her career with the Canadian Marine Service as a lighthouse tender and buoy ship.
Construction.
The wooden sloops of the "Cruizer" class were designed under the direction of Lord John Hay, and after his "Committee of Reference" was disbanded, their construction was supervised by the new Surveyor of the Navy, Sir Baldwin Walker. Ordered together with her sister-ship "Falcon" on 2 April 1853, she was laid down at the Royal Dockyard, Pembroke in January 1855. She was fitted at Chatham with a two-cylinder horizontal single-expansion steam engine, which was supplied by Ravenhill & Salkeld at a cost of £6,052 and generated an indicated horsepower of ; driving a single screw, this gave a maximum speed of . The class was given a barque-rig sail plan.
Armament.
All the ships of the class were provided with one 32-pounder (56cwt) long gun on a pivot mount and sixteen 32-pounder (32cwt) carriage guns in a broadside arrangement. When converted for Arctic exploration in 1874, her armament was reduced to a token outfit of four Armstrong breech-loaders.
History.
Pacific Station (1857–1868).
"Alert" spent the first 11 years of her life on the Pacific Station, based at Esquimalt at the southern tip of Vancouver Island, Canada. Alert Bay, British Columbia is named after the ship, and nearby Pearse Island, at the north entrance to Johnstone Strait, is named after Commander William Alfred Rumbulow Pearse, her commanding officer. During this period she returned to Plymouth between October 1861 and May 1863 for a refit. Her service on the Pacific station was the type of work for which her class had been designed—the policing of Britain's far-flung maritime empire. 
A photograph exists of "Alert" in Esquimalt from 1867, and it is further attested to by the following extract from "The Colonist" newspaper:
"Alert" paid off at Plymouth on 30 May 1868 and was placed in the Steam Reserve.
Arctic exploration (1874–1876).
In 1874 "Alert" was taken in hand for conversion to the role of arctic exploration. Her single-expansion engine was replaced with an R & W Hawthorn compound-expansion engine, she was reboilered to , her armament was reduced to four guns and her hull was strengthened with felt-covered iron. Above the waterline she was sheathed with teak, and below it, Canadian elm and pitch-pine. The modifications caused her displacement to increase to 1,240 tons.
The British Arctic Expedition was commanded by Captain George Strong Nares, and comprised "Alert" (Captain Nares) and "Discovery" (Captain Henry Frederick Stephenson). The expedition aimed to reach the North Pole via Smith Sound, the sea passage between Greenland and Canada's northernmost island, Ellesmere Island. Contemporary geographers proposed that there could be an Open Polar Sea, and that if the thick layer of ice surrounding it were overcome, access to the North Pole by sea might be possible. Ever since Edward Augustus Inglefield had penetrated Smith Sound in 1852, it had been a likely route to the North.
Despite finding heavier-than-expected ice, the expedition pressed on. Leaving "Discovery" to winter at Lady Franklin Bay, "Alert" pressed on a further through the Robeson Channel, establishing her winter quarters at Floeberg Beach. Spring 1876 saw considerable activity by sledge, charting the coasts of Ellsmere Island and Greenland, but scurvy had begun to take hold, with "Alert" suffering the greatest burden. On 3 April the second-in-command of "Alert", Albert Hastings Markham, took a party north to attempt the Pole. By 11 May, having made slow progress, they reached their greatest latitude at 83° 20' 26"N. Suffering from snow blindness, scurvy and exhaustion, they turned back.
The expedition was rewarded on its return; Nares was knighted, Markham was promoted to captain. The geography of northern Canada and Greenland is dotted with the names of those connected with the expedition: Nares Strait, Nares Lake, Markham Ice Shelf, Ayles Ice Shelf, and Mount Ayles. The northernmost permanently inhabited place on earth, the settlement of Alert at the northern point of Ellesmere Island, was named for the ship.
Survey (1876–1884).
"Alert" recommissioned at Chatham on 20 August 1878 under the command of Captain Sir George Strong Nares for a survey of the Strait of Magellan. On 12 March 1879 Captain John Fiot Lee Pearse Maclear took command, and under him she went to Australia Station and the Pacific. She was employed in surveying, but the presence of Doctor Richard Coppinger, her surgeon, ensured that she also made a huge contribution to the field of zoology. Coppinger, who had also served in the Arctic expedition, was an accomplished naturalist and his collections from the period 1878–1882 added 1300 species to the National Collection. "Alert" paid off at Sheerness on 20 September 1882.
Loan to the US Navy (1884).
Adolphus Greely led the Lady Franklin Bay Expedition to the Arctic in 1881. Two supply ships failed to reach his party, and a relief expedition in 1883 also failed to extract the team. The US Navy put together a further relief expedition in 1884 under Captain W S Schley, and "Alert" was offered. She was loaned to the US Navy under the command of Captain George W Coffin on 20 February 1884, and was used to set up supply dumps to support USS "Bear" in the extrication of Greely and his men.
Two members of Greely's expedition, Lieutenant James B. Lockwood and Sergeant David Legge Brainard had achieved a new record of 83° 30'N, just four miles (6 km) closer to the Pole than Markham had achieved in 1876. Lockwood and 19 other members of the expedition died; Greely, Brainard and four others survived.
Loan to the Canadian Government.
In September 1880, the United Kingdom transferred its rights of Arctic sovereignty to Canada. From 1884 to 1886 the Canadian Marine Service of the Department of Marine and Fisheries sent an expedition to Hudson Bay to establish observation posts and to estimate the length of season for ice-free navigation. A former lieutenant of the Royal Navy, Andrew Robertson Gordon, was placed in command, and a suitable ship was sought. Having finished her work with the US Navy, "Alert" seemed the ideal vessel for the task. She was sailed to Halifax Dockyard and transferred by the senior naval officer to the marine agent of the Department of Marine and Fisheries.
In 1886 she carried Captain Markham, who had been second-in-command of "Alert" during the 1876 Arctic Exploration, and now represented the interests of a railway company interested in building a line from Winnipeg to Hudson Bay. Captain Markham left the ship at York Factory, Manitoba and returned by the Hayes River canoe route.
After the last Hudson Bay expedition in 1886, "Alert" was reconfigured as a light-house supply vessel and buoy tender. Her topmasts and yards were removed, and a wheelhouse was built abaft the remains of the main mast. She worked at first in Nova Scotia, but as her wooden hull showed signs of deterioration, she was moved to the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, sailing out of Quebec. Thirty years after her launch little was left of her original appearance; in essence she was now a small, old, low-powered steamer showing the scars of hard labour and many an ungainly conversion. Nevertheless, she continued to give useful service until the last decade of the nineteenth century.
Disposal.
"CGS Alert" was laid up in November 1894 and sold, the bill of exchange being forwarded to the Admiralty, since she was still officially on loan, the total sum being 814 pounds, 2 shillings and 7 pence. The ship was probably broken up at an undisclosed location.
Legacy.
CFS Alert, a Canadian military listening post and the world's northernmost continuously inhabited settlement, is named after the ship.

</doc>
<doc id="20408935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408935" title="Waste (play)">
Waste (play)

Waste is a play by the English author Harley Granville Barker. It exists in two wholly different versions, from 1906 and 1927. The first version was refused a license by the Lord Chamberlain and had to be performed privately by the Stage Society in 1907; the second was finally staged in public at the Westminster Theatre in 1936.
Plot.
The plot centres around ambitious independent politician Henry Trebell, his plans for a bill to disestablish the Church of England and his fall from grace and suicide after his affair with married woman Amy O'Connell, who dies after a botched abortion. The title may refer to the waste of his potential talents due to the scandal, the loss of the disestablishment bill and the termination of Amy's pregnancy.
Production history.
Recent productions include a 1997 one at the Old Vic by the Peter Hall Company (with Michael Pennington as Trebell, Anna Carteret as Frances and Peter Blythe as Charles Cantilupe) and a 2008 one at the Almeida Theatre (directed by Samuel West and starring Will Keen as Trebell, Nancy Carroll as Amy and Phoebe Nicholls as Frances). Recent North American productions include one in 1995 at the Shaw Festival (directed by Neil Munro) and one in 2000 directed by Bartlett Sher.

</doc>
<doc id="20408965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408965" title="Drivers Republic">
Drivers Republic

History.
Drivers Republic was founded in March 2008 by Steve Davies together with Richard Meaden; a co-founder of Evo (magazine), Jethro Bovingdon; former deputy-Editor of Evo magazine and Chris Harris; former road test editor of Autocar magazine. They were soon joined by Neil Carey, formerly the designer at Evo magazine. 
Davies was the only non-journalist of the founding team, being a former management consultancy partner in KPMG Consulting and managing partner in Experian Integrated Marketing. It was within his time at Experian and working together with Hitwise that he gained a profile for advising businesses such as Yahoo, Microsoft and eBay on social networking and internet marketing. Davies provided the initial investment to create and launch Drivers Republic. 
Driver's Republic ceased operations on 11 August 2009. Steve Davies explained the shutdown via a blog post on the site: "There has been plenty of speculation on other sites and forums about the reasons why this has occurred, and despite the first impressions that it must have been for financial reasons, nothing could be further from the truth. Thanks to your participation and the generous support of the automotive industry we were in rude health and looking forward to a bumper year, but differences in our vision about future priorities have led to a parting of ways." 
Website and Content.
The content provided included automotive news, first drives, columns, streaming video, downloadable audio tracks and photos. In addition Drivers Republic published digital magazine features (ezines) up to twice a week. These features contained words, pictures and embedded video clips. Following the shutdown of the site, most of this feature content disappeared from its servers.
DR’s magazines were initially published on the Zmags publishing platform and then by Texterity, one of the largest digital publishers in the world. The magazines could be viewed either within the Drivers Republic website or after being downloaded onto home computers or mobile handsets.
DR's social community allowed users to create profiles including photos, videos and blogs, join groups, add friends and publish events, similar functionality to that offered by Facebook, with the combination of a MySpace personal page to provide users with a central repository for their news, photos and stories accessible from anywhere on the web.
Partnerships.
In July 2008 Drivers Republic formed a partnership with Silverstone Circuits for DR to use the Grand Prix circuit and associated straights to set lap-times and gather performance data. 
References.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below.

</doc>
<doc id="20408970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20408970" title="Flat IP">
Flat IP

Flat IP architecture provides a way to identify devices using symbolic names, unlike the hierarchical architecture such as that used in "normal" IP addresses. This form of system is of more interest to mobile broadband network operators.
Flat IP architecture.
To meet customer demand for real-time data applications delivered over mobile broadband networks, wireless operators are turning to flat IP network architectures.
Advanced base stations that integrate radio control, header compression, encryption, call admission control, and policy enforcement with IP/Ethernet interfaces.
Base station routers will provide simpler, lower-latency 3GPP/2 networks. Key emerging players are: Alcatel-Lucent, Airvana, and Ubiquisys.
For WCDMA networks, the Direct Tunnel Architecture is emerging as the most viable evolution path. Currently all major vendors support Direct Tunnel, where the SGSN is bypassed on the user plane. An even further advancement is Nokia-Siemens's Internet High Speed Packet Access (architecture which removes also the RNC from the data path thereby simplifying the architecture and reducing latencies even further. 
The WiMax Access Services Network was the first standardized IP-centric mobile network architecture establishing principles now being adopted across the industry. Eventually HSPA and LTE networks have been chosen by most operators as their preferred network technology.

</doc>
<doc id="20409047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409047" title="Donna Artz">
Donna Artz

Donna Artz (1954 – November 15, 2008) was an American legal scholar.
Education.
Arzt earned a B.A. degree at Brandeis University, a J.D. degree at Harvard Law School, and an LL.M. degree at Columbia Law School. From 1988 until her death she was Professor of Law in the Syracuse University College of Law, and Dean's Distinguished Research Scholar. She died November 15, 2008 after a long illness.
Career.
Before teaching at Syracuse, Arzt practiced public interest law in Boston and was an assistant attorney general for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts specializing in civil rights and regulation of charitable solicitation. Artz published numerous articles on human rights in the Soviet Union and the Middle East. She served as a consultant to the Association for Civil Rights in Israel, Human Rights Watch, and the U.N. Special Rapporteur on population transfer. 
Artz was an activist in the movement to free Soviet Jewry. She founded the Soviet Jewry Legal Advocacy Center, which was an affiliate of the Union of Councils for Soviet Jewry. In that role, she documented the USSR's violation of its own and international law. She also prepared many legal briefs on behalf of Refuseniks and Prisoners of Zion. These legal briefs were given to the Soviets via US Congressmen as well as to the families of the Refuseniks and POZ's, who often could not obtain legal representation.
She served as director of the Center for Global Law and Practice at the Syracuse University College of Law. 
Artz founded and directed the Lockerbie Trial Families Project, which informed the families of the 270 victims of the Pan Am Flight 103 bombing over Lockerbie, Scotland, about developments in the Lockerbie criminal trial as the trial took place in a Scottish courtroom in the Netherlands.
Artz also founded and directed the Sierra Leone Project in which faculty and students at the College of Law assisted the Office of the Prosecutor of the Special Court for Sierra Leone, established by the United Nations and the country's government at the end of the decade-long Sierra Leone Civil War.
Honors and awards.
Artz received the Michael J. Tryson Memorial Award for Excellence and Leadership in the field of human rights law.

</doc>
<doc id="20409068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409068" title="Tata Corus acquisition">
Tata Corus acquisition

On 20 October 2006 the board of directors of Anglo-Dutch steelmaker Corus accepted a $7.6 billion takeover bid from Tata Steel, the Indian steel company, at 455 pence per share of Corus. The following months saw a lot of negotiations from both sides of the deal. Tata Steel's bid to acquire Corus Group was challenged by CSN, the Brazilian steel maker. Finally, on 30 January 2007, Tata Steel purchased a 100% stake in the Corus Group at 608 pence per share in an all cash deal, cumulatively valued at USD 12.04 Billion. The deal is the largest Indian takeover of a foreign company and made Tata Steel the world's fifth-largest steel group.
The involved companies.
Tata Steel, formerly known as TISCO (Tata Iron and Steel Company Limited), was the world's 56th largest and India's 2nd largest steel company with an annual crude steel capacity of 3.8 million tonnes. It is based in Jamshedpur, Jharkhand, India. It is part of the Tata Group of companies. Post Corus merger, Tata Steel is India's second-largest and second-most profitable company in private sector with consolidated revenues of Rs 1,321.10 billion and net profit of over Rs 123.50 billion during the year ended 31 March 2008. The company was also recognized as the world's best steel producer by World Steel Dynamics in 2005. The company is listed on BSE and NSE; and employs about 82,700 people (as of 2007).
Corus was formed from the merger of Koninklijke Hoogovens N.V. with British Steel Plc on 6 October 1999. It has major integrated steel plants at Port Talbot, South Wales; Scunthorpe, North Lincolnshire; Teesside, Cleveland (all in the United Kingdom) and IJmuiden in the Netherlands. It also has rolling mills situated at Shotton, North Wales (which manufactures Colorcoat products), Trostre in Llanelli, Llanwern in Newport, South Wales, Rotherham and Stocksbridge, South Yorkshire, England, Motherwell, Scotland, Hayange, France, and Bergen, Norway. In addition it has tube mills located at Corby, Stockton and Hartlepool in England and Oosterhout, Arnhem, Zwijndrecht and Maastricht in the Netherlands. Group turnover for the year to 31 December 2005 was £10.142 billion. Profits were £580 million before tax and £451 million after tax.
Synergies between the two companies.
There were a lot of apparent synergies between Tata Sponge iron which was a low cost steel producer in fast developing region of the world and Corus which was a high value product manufacturer in the region of the world demanding value products. Some of the prominent synergies that could arise from the deal were as follows:
Counter bid by CSN.
In November 2006, Brazilian steel marker Companhia Siderúrgica Nacional (CSN) challenged Tata Steel's proposal for acquisition. They countered Tata Steel's offer of 455 pence per share by offering 475 pence per share of Corus.
Proposed funding of the deal.
Tata surprised the credit default swap segment of the derivative markets by deciding to raise $6.17bn of debt for the deal through a new subsidiary of Corus called 'Tata Steel UK', rather than by raising the debt itself. Tata's security credit rating is investment grade, whereas the new subsidiary may not be. The higher risk associated with raising debt through a subsidiary with a lower credit rating prompted Fitch Ratings to downgrade its rating of the credit swap risks in the takeover to 'negative'. Fitch also stated that Corus' responsibility for the debt may lead to Corus' own unsecured debt rating being downgraded. This does not affect the rating of bonds issued by Corus which are secured debt.
The deal.
On 31 January 2007, following the lack of agreement on an offer, an auction process was triggered. Following the conclusion of the auction process (at an unprecedented length of nine rounds) conducted by the Panel in accordance with Rule 32.5 of the Code (the "Auction"), Tata Steel announced the proposed acquisition of Corus Group at 608p per share, that being 5p more than CSN's top offer of 603p. The final valuation of Corus was thus put at $12.04 Billion.
Timelines.
New board formulation.
A new board was formulated with representation from both the companies to provide a common platform for strategy and integration. 
Strategic and Integration Committee.
A 'Strategic and Integration Committee' was formulated to develop and execute the integration and further growth plans. Appropriate cross functional teams were formed under this committee to look into specific issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20409141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409141" title="IGIZMO">
IGIZMO

iGIZMO was an online consumer technology magazine and website, published by Dennis Publishing. It covered gadgets, mobile phones, home entertainment, personal entertainment and gaming products, as well as general technology trends. Its tagline was 'Turned on to Technology', and was often abbreviated to 'iG' in editorial copy and end stops.
Magazine.
Using the Ceros platform to present a magazine format online, it included product reviews (presented as the 'Hot 3' section), interactive features (such as the regular 'Modern Classic' and 'FutureTech' pieces) and news (including a 'News in 90 Seconds' video). It combined text, high-resolution imagery (at 150dpi rather than the web's usual 72dpi), interactive Flash elements and video.
Launched on March 11, 2008, it was first audited in July 2008, with an ABCe (Audit Bureau of Circulations) result of 101,785. It was shortlisted for the "BSME Launch of the Year 2008", and subsequently won the "PPA Electronic Subscription of the Year 2008".
Website.
The iGIZMO website contained news, blogs and reviews sections, as well as a prominent ‘subscribe’ area for the magazine, and back issues of the same. It also contained video features, many of which have not appeared in the magazine.
Final Issue.
The magazine released its final issue on 5 July 2011. Articles from some issues can still be found when stumbled upon as a result from using a search engine. The free iGIZMO Magazine app for android can still be downloaded from iTunes although the last interactive issue was May 2012 (see iGIZMO Twitter site).
External links.
Magazine
Website
Publisher

</doc>
<doc id="20409156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409156" title="Antireticular cytotoxic serum">
Antireticular cytotoxic serum

Anti-reticular Cytotoxic Serum is made from the blood of a rabbit that has been injected with homogenized cadaver spleen and rib marrow. In small quantities it can help some animal growth, but is toxic in large doses. It was first developed by O. O. Bogomolets in 1936.
"It was a "miracle" that Professor Bogomolets made dying people walk with blood of cadavers circulating through their bodies, or hoped to extend our life-span for 150 years with the help of the A.C.S serum" - Red Miracle: The Story of Soviet Medicine by Edward Podolsky
Sources.
"World Book Encyclopedia", 1967 Edition, p. 28

</doc>
<doc id="20409246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409246" title="Archibald Hinshelwood">
Archibald Hinshelwood

Archibald Hinshelwood (died 1773) was a lawyer, merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1759 to 1773, representing Lunenburg County from 1761 to 1765 and from 1770 to 1773, and Lunenburg town from 1765 to 1770. His name also appears as Hinchelwood.
Hinshelwood came to Halifax as a clerk for Edward Cornwallis in 1749. The spy Thomas Pichon, also known as Thomas Tyrell, was placed in Hinshelwood's custody during his stay at Halifax. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in a by-election held in 1759 but he was unseated after an appeal; Hinshelwood was elected in the general election that followed later that same year. He also served as a registrar for the court of probate and a justice of the peace for Halifax County. In 1772, he was named customs collector for Halifax. Hinshelwood was deputy provincial secretary and clerk of aasembly. In 1773, he had been recommended for a seat in the province's Council, to replace Sebastian Zouberbuhler, but he died in the autumn of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20409258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409258" title="Mythimna turca">
Mythimna turca

The Double Line ("Mythimna turca") is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 37–45 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various grasses, including Dactylus glomerata, Poa nemoralis and Luzula species.

</doc>
<doc id="20409262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409262" title="Love the Sin, Hate the Sinner">
Love the Sin, Hate the Sinner

Love the Sin, Hate the Sinner is the debut and only album of Saints of the Underground, a hard rock supergroup composed of Jani Lane (ex-Warrant), Keri Kelli (ex-Alice Cooper, ex-Warrant, ex-Ratt), Robbie Crane (ex-Ratt) and Bobby Blotzer (Ratt). The album was released on April 22, 2008.
The album was recorded in Bobby Blotzer's studio (for bass and drums) and Keri Kelli's studio (for guitars and vocals), produced by Kelli and Blotzer along with Jani Lane
. The album was mixed by legendary producer/engineer Andy Johns, who worked with such bands as The Rolling Stones and Led Zeppelin.
The album also featured additional bass work by Chuck Wright (Quiet Riot, House of Lords).
This was the last full album recorded and released featuring Jani Lane, who died on August 11, 2011 at a hotel room in Woodland Hills, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20409267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409267" title="Private placement life insurance">
Private placement life insurance

Private placement life insurance is a form of variable universal life insurance that is offered privately, rather than through a public offering.
Introduction.
Variable life insurance is a form of life insurance that has cash value linked to the performance of one or more investment accounts within the policy. Because of its investment features, insurance carriers in the United States typically register offerings of variable life insurance with federal and state securities regulators. To register the offering, carriers typically need to provide some level of detail of the investment selections within the policy. Without knowing the specifics of each potential client's investment profile, carriers often settle for registering a uniform offering that includes a selection of mutual funds or hedge funds as investment options within the policy. Not all investments are suitable for placement within these policies. They are better suited to absolute return and hedged strategies rather than equity based investments. Because of the volatility of the stock market the drawdowns within the investment portfolio tend to be larger and the owner may end up having to put more money into the policy to keep it in force if the account value drops considerably.
This can become a very powerful tool for purposes of estate planning. In essence you can buy a hedge fund inside an insurance policy and the value will grow tax free and upon death the cash value of the policy passes to heirs tax free. See also Private Placement Variable Annuities.
By comparison, private placement life insurance is offered without a formal securities registration. The advantage with this approach is that the carrier customizes the investment options within the policy to meet the needs of the prospective investor. The key disadvantage with this approach is that it is typically more expensive for a carrier to offer a customized policy to a client. For this reason, private placement life insurance is typically only offered to qualified purchasers seeking to invest large sums of money (often more than US $1 million) in the policy. In addition, an attorney will be needed to help draw up the documents, adding to the cost of the purchase.
Offshore versus Domestic.
While private placement life insurance ("PPLI") (a product also known as insurance wrappers) first developed in the United States, the industry has witnessed significant growth in the placement of PPLI offshore. Offshore insurance companies specializing in PPLI typically offer the product as a financial service for high net worth clients and price their services as a provider, rather than as a traditional insurance carrier. For example, most offshore carriers are prohibited to maintain a domestic sales force; therefore, their products often do not include significant sales loads and commissions. Also, offshore carriers rarely engage in advertising. These reduced marketing costs enable the offshore carrier to provide PPLI to high net worth clients at a significant reduced cost.
The regulatory climate governing life insurance in certain offshore jurisdictions is also not as restrictive as may be found in the United States. Some of the better known jurisdictions to offer the product are Luxembourg, Ireland, Liechtenstein, Singapore and Bermuda. While the lack of plentiful offshore regulation may not be comforting to traditional insurance consumers, high net worth individuals and their advisors are more likely to be able to carefully examine the merits and risks associated with insurance products from offshore carriers. Especially in Europe PPLI offers a lot of tax benefits. In all the European countries where the product is available the product offers at least a tax deferral, and in most European countries there are also substantial income, wealth and inheritance tax benefits. It is therefore that a growing number of financial advisors change existing offshore company, family foundation and trust structures in to PPLI solutions. The product also offers solid asset and investment protection features, which makes the product even more interesting.

</doc>
<doc id="20409274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409274" title="Members of the Australian Senate, 1962–1965">
Members of the Australian Senate, 1962–1965

This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1962 to 1965. Half of its members were elected at the 22 November 1958 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1959 and finishing on 30 June 1965; the other half were elected at the 9 December 1961 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1962 and finishing on 30 June 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20409281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409281" title="Paul Andrews (producer)">
Paul Andrews (producer)

Paul Andrews (born 21 September 1967) is the current CEO of the digital publisher Andrews UK Limited, in Luton, UK. He was most famous previously for his involvement with the retro gaming scene in the UK, (and the founding of a games company Alten8), both though physical retail of classic games, and development of retro titles on modern formats. Paul has forged close personal connections to classic developers for platforms including the Commodore 64 and Sinclair Spectrum and champions the scene whenever possible.
The founder and creator of retro gaming hub Retro-Trader, Andrews was responsible for the running (according to the Alexa Internet Traffic Ranking system) the one-time world's most popular online retro Classic Game store.
Recently, Andrews has moved into writing for film and television, and is the writer and producer of Concrete Surfer For 2010, Andrews is currently working on several film and TV projects.

</doc>
<doc id="20409308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409308" title="Larry Donnelly">
Larry Donnelly

Lawrence "Larry" Donnelly (born in Boston, Massachusetts) is an Irish-American law attorney, writer and political contributor residing in Ireland. A legal research lecturer at National University of Ireland, Galway (NUIG), he is a regular political commentator on RTÉ Radio One and the nightly television news bulletin, "RTÉ News on Two", also contributing to his local radio station Galway Bay FM. He has a political column in "The Sunday Business Post".
Donnelly recently came to wider attention when he moderated a debate involving McCain lobbyist Grant Lally and former Congressman Bruce Morrison established by the Law Society and the Literary and Debating Society in the build-up to the 2008 U.S. presidential election, before sitting on the RTÉ television panel on election night, 4 November 2008. He married RTÉ newsreader Eileen Whelan in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20409315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409315" title="Calamus rotang">
Calamus rotang

Calamus rotang aka rotang is one of the scandent rattan palms used for Malacca cane in the making of furniture, baskets, walking-sticks, umbrellas, tables and general wickerwork, and is found in Southwest Asia. The basal section of the plant grows vertically for 10 metres or so, after which the slender, tough stem of a few centimetres in diameter, grows horizontally for 200 metres or more. It is extremely flexible and uniform in thickness, and frequently has sheaths and petioles armed with backward-facing spines which enable it to scramble over other plants. It has pinnate, alternate leaves, 60-80 cm long, armed with two rows of spines on the upper face. 
The plants are dioecious, and flowers are clustered in attractive inflorescences, enclosed by spiny spathes. The edible fruits are top-shaped, covered in shiny, reddish-brown imbricate scales, and exude an astringent red resin known medicinally and commercially as "Dragon's blood". 
The canes are sought-after and expensive, but have to a large extent been replaced by sticks made from plants, such as bamboos, rushes and osier willows. 
"Calamus" is a genus of some 300 species found in the tropics of Africa and Asia. They are mostly slender-stemmed leaf-climbers, where the pinnae at the outer end of the leaf have been modified into stout, backward-pointing spines.

</doc>
<doc id="20409316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409316" title="Abingdon Air &amp; Country Show">
Abingdon Air &amp; Country Show

The Abingdon Air & Country Show is an annual air display staged in Abingdon, Oxfordshire. The show takes place at the semi-active Abingdon Airfield, the former RAF Abingdon now operated by the British Army as Dalton Barracks.
The show typically features a flying display containing a wide variety of historic and modern aircraft. There is also a static aircraft display and a Fly-in. On the ground, there is a range of country fair attractions.
History and organisation.
The event first started in 2000 as a small fete. In the years since then the show has grown in stature. Attendances have increased, and at the 2009 show there were over 10,000 people. For many years the show was known simply as the Abingdon Fayre, but in 2007 the show's title changed to Abingdon Air & Country Show to more accurately reflect the show's content.
Although held on a military establishment, the show is a civilian event. It is organised entirely by volunteers, with proceeds being donated to a local charity.
Aircraft.
A wide range of aircraft have performed flying displays at the show. These have included many modern and classic fast jets (for example Sepecat Jaguar, BAE Hawk, Hawker Hunter, Folland Gnat) military helicopters from the Royal Air Force and Royal Navy, historic warbirds like the Spitfire and Mustang and displays from light aerobatic aircraft. In 2009 there was a visit by an RAF C-17 Globemaster transport aircraft, and in 2011 the Avro Vulcan XH558 performed the closing display.
The show has also managed to attract international participation. In 2005 the Polish Navy brought a PZL M-28 for static display, while in both 2006 and 2008 the US Army exhibited a UH-60 Black Hawk and in 2010 the Royal Netherlands Air Force F-16 display team performed. Traditionally, the show also includes participation from the resident No 612 Volunteer Gliding Squadron, which uses the airfield during the weekend for its flying activities.
The Fly-in also attracts a wide variety of aircraft from the UK's General aviation community.
Ground Displays.
In addition to the flying activities the event usually features a wide range of ground attractions, such as stalls and arena display along with vintage and classic vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="20409341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409341" title="Mythimna conigera">
Mythimna conigera

The Brown-line Bright-eye ("Mythimna conigera") is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Europe and there is a disjunct population in the Sind Valley, Kashmir named subspecies "angulifera" (Moore, 1881)
The wingspan is 30–35 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various grasses, including "Dactylis glomerata" and "Elymus repens".

</doc>
<doc id="20409377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409377" title="Djehuty (general)">
Djehuty (general)

Djehuty (also known as Thuti and Thutii) was a general under the ancient Egyptian king Thutmose III (reigned 1479–1425 BC) in the 18th Dynasty. He is known as the main hero of the tale of "The Taking of Joppa". Djehuty bears the titles "king's scribe", "overseer of troops" (general) and "overseer of the northern foreign countries" in contemporary Egyptian records.
Biography.
Djehuty is known from two sources. His undisturbed burial was found in 1824 at Saqqara and he is the main personality in the Egyptian story of "The Taking of Joppa" (today Jaffa).
The Egyptian narrative is preserved on a papyrus now located in the British Museum (EA 10060). The city of Joppa had rebelled against Thutmose III's authority and the pharaoh responded by dispatching an Egyptian army under Djehuty to regain control over the city. Djehuty first cunningly arranged to have a parley or talk with the rebel leader of Joppa at a location outside of the city walls. Once he was alone with the leader of the rebellion, Djehuty promptly smote the man on his forehead and captured him. With this task accomplished, Djehuty decided to take control of the city by subterfuge. Djehuty first falsely proclaimed that he, Djehuty, had been defeated by the rebels and was now sending a "tribute" to the inhabitants of Joppa. The tribute came in the form of two hundred baskets which were delivered to Joppa as a peace offering by Djehuty. Unbeknownst to Joppa's inhabitants, however, each of the baskets concealed one of the two hundred of Djehuty's own soldiers.
The governor of Joppa, fooled by Djehuty's ruse, had them taken into the city through its city gates. Soon after, Djehuty's soldiers rose out of their baskets and quickly captured the city and seized its citizens. The Egyptian description of the capture of Joppa is, hence, somewhat similar to the story of the Trojan Horse which occurred some two centuries later at Troy. With Joppa now firmly back in Egyptian hands, Djehuty sent word to his king, Thutmose III, of his triumph:
General Djehuty's historicity.
Djehuty was not a fictional person. In the winter of 1824, Bernardino Drovetti found his completely undisturbed tomb at Saqqara. In these early days, Egyptian archaeology was in its infancy and only a few notes of the excavations were ever made. Today, there are only brief descriptions of the discovery preserved in archaeological records. The objects were sold to different museum collections all around the world and, in most cases, can only be ascribed with certainty to Djehuty's tomb when they bear his name. The objects found in the general's tomb include a solid golden and a silver bowl, both today in the Louvre, four canopic jars now in Florence, the heart scarab, a gold bracelet in the Rijksmuseum of Leiden and Djehuty's dagger in Darmstadt. Nothing is known about Djehuty's coffin and mummy, although they were briefly mentioned by Drovetti. 
It is also believed that the Ashburnham ring, which is "one of the most spectacular pieces of Egyptian jewellery to be added to the Museum's national collection for many years" also originated from General Djehuty's burial. The ring was originally purchased by the Earl of Ashburnham in Cairo in 1825 likely from the proceeds of excavation work carried out by Drovetti in Saqqara and Djehuty's tomb was only discovered in the previous year. This rectangular swivel, bezel ring weighs 35.8 grams and is inscribed on both its sides with the texts: "He of the Two Ladies, Great of terror in all lands" and "Menkheperre, beloved of Ptah, radiant of face." Since Christine Lilyquist's study of Djehuty's gold bowl and other funerary objects showed that Djehuty was likely buried at Saqqara and not Thebes as originally assumed, it would appear that the Ashburnham ring came from Djehuty's tomb treasures.
Djehuty's golden bowl in the Louvre contains an inscription which records that it was a gift by Thutmose III to his general: 

</doc>
<doc id="20409407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409407" title="Kalypso (software)">
Kalypso (software)

Kalypso is an open source modelling program. It focuses on numerical simulations in water management and ecology such as the generation of inundation and flood risk maps by hydrologic and hydrodynamic models and GIS functionality. 
The "Kalypso" software system has been collaboratively developed in a joint project by the company Björnsen Consulting Engineers (BCE) and the department for river and coastal engineering at Hamburg University of Technology, Germany. It is available for download at SourceForge.net under the GNU LGPL.
Kalypso Modules.
"Kalypso" is currently (November 2010) divided into six modules: three numerical simulation modules, two tools for complex flood and risk mapping and an evacuation tool. 
The modules are based on a common modelling framework called "KalypsoBASE" and are published as open source software under the LGPL license. "KalypsoBASE" itself is a collection of Eclipse plug-ins and can be easily extended to provide new and independent modules.
Projects.
A few software projects are using "KalypsoBASE".
nofdp IDSS.
nofdp (nature-oriented flood damage prevention) is a decision support system designed by the Hessian Ministry for Environment, Rural Areas and Consumer Protection (Germany) in the context of the EU INTERREG III B program in order to provide means for environmentally-oriented flood protection measures.
The nofdp IDSS has been designed as a tool for planners and decision makers in water resources engineering allowing them to have an integrative view on river catchment areas. This is used to improve flood damage protection taking into account aspects of spatial planning, water resources management and ecology.
Notes.
"This article incorporates text from the Kalypso article at GISWiki, where the content is licensed under the GFDL."

</doc>
<doc id="20409447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409447" title="Third Option">
Third Option

The Third Option was a proposal from Canadian Secretary of State for External Affairs Minister Mitchell Sharp in 1972 which would have reduced trade and cultural relations between Canada and the United States and allowed for more diversification of bilateral agreements. 
Sharp's proposal was a clear rejection of the "status quo" and of closer relations with the United States. The proposal would have been achieved by "develop(ing) and strengthen(ing) the Canadian economy and other aspects of its national life and in the process reduce the present Canadian vulnerability.". However, the Third Option proposal eventually disappeared as the Mulroney government took over.

</doc>
<doc id="20409469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409469" title="Pair testing">
Pair testing

Pair testing is a software development technique in which two team members work together at one keyboard to test the software application. One does the testing and the other analyzes or reviews the testing. This can be done between one tester and developer or business analyst or between two testers with both participants taking turns at driving the keyboard.
Description.
This can be more related to pair programming and exploratory testing of agile software development where two team members are sitting together to test the software application. This will help both the members to learn more about the application. This will narrow down the root cause of the problem while continuous testing. Developer can find out which portion of the source code is affected by the bug. This track can help to make the solid test cases and narrowing the problem for the next time.
Benefits and drawbacks.
The developer can learn more about the software application by exploring with the tester. The tester can learn more about the software application by exploring with the developer.
Less participation is required for testing and for important bugs root cause can be analyzed very easily. The tester can very easily test the initial bug fixing status with the developer.
This will make the developer to come up with great testing scenarios by their own
This can not be applicable to scripted testing where all the test cases are already written and one has to run the scripts. This will not help in the evolution of any issue and its impact.
Usage.
This is more applicable where the requirements and specifications are not very clear, the team is very new, and needs to learn the application behavior quickly.
This follows the same principles of pair programming; the two team members should be in the same level.

</doc>
<doc id="20409479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409479" title="Mythimna favicolor">
Mythimna favicolor

The Mathew's Wainscot ("Mythimna favicolor") is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Europe. The species is sometimes treated as a subspecies of the Common Wainscot ("Mythimna pallens").
The wingspan is 35–40 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Puccinellia maritima.

</doc>
<doc id="20409511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409511" title="The Players (Detroit, Michigan)">
The Players (Detroit, Michigan)

The Players is a clubhouse and theatre located at 3321 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1985 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
History.
The Players Club of Detroit was founded in 1910 by a group of local Detroit businessmen as an institution to encourage amateur theater. From the beginning, it was a strictly male club. For the first 15 years of the club's existence, they were forced to perform in different venues each month, including the Detroit Athletic Club, the University Club and the Twentieth Century Club.
A number of the financial elite of early 20th century Detroit were members of the Players, including Henry Joy, Truman Newberry, James Couzens, and Lawrence Fisher. The club continued as a successful and popular gentleman's club until the 1970s, when membership began to drop. However, the club experienced a renaissance in the 1990s, and as of 2005 there were 174 members.
Architecture.
In 1925, Players Club member William E. Kapp designed a building to permanently house the club at a cost of $75,000. The building was two stories, elaborately decorated, and constructed of what was, at the time, a novel material: cinder blocks. The exterior of the club is designed in a Florentine Renaissance style. The roof is tile, and the façade boasts a triple round arch bay framed by a wrought iron balcony. Ten sculpted gargoyles were created by Corrado Parducci for the façade. Below the west entrance pavilion the legend "The Players" is traced in limestone.
The building includes a four-story high stage, as well as a kitchen, dressing rooms, basement storage and prop rooms, and a formal meeting room on the upper floor.
The interior is notable for the Art Deco murals. Six murals on the auditorium walls, painted by Paul Honoré, depict a traveling troupe of troubadours. Eight smaller banners represent skills and trades needed to stage a theatrical production.
Plays.
Members of the Players put on three one-act plays each "Frolic." Frolics take place on the first Saturday evening of the month, October through April, with the following exceptions: November, where a full three act play is presented and January, where the frolic is replaced with an annual fund raising event such as a "Millionaire's Party." All roles, as well as direction, costuming, set construction, and the like, are taken by members. In the Shakespearean tradition, all roles on stage are played by men.
Site.
The bed of Parents Creek lies underneath one corner of the building. Near this site on July 31, 1763, the Battle of Bloody Run (so called because the creek ran red with blood) took place between Chief Pontiac and British forces. A state of Michigan historical marker commemorating this battle sits in front of this building.

</doc>
<doc id="20409522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409522" title="Mythimna litoralis">
Mythimna litoralis

The Shore Wainscot ("Mythimna litoralis") is a moth of the Noctuidae family. 
A strictly coastal species, it is found in Europe and Morocco but only in areas close to the shore.
The wingspan is 36–42 mm. It is an ochre-colored moth having a distinctive white streak bordered with dark fine lines along the length of the forewing.
The larvae are monophagous, feeding exclusively on marram "(Ammophila arenaria)" leaves, a plant that grows on dunes along the shoreline.

</doc>
<doc id="20409535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409535" title="Adelheid of Wolfratshausen">
Adelheid of Wolfratshausen

Adelheid of Wolfratshausen (d. 11 January/12 January 1126) was the second wife of Berengar II, Count of Sulzbach. Slightly different dates for her death are given in the necrologies of Tegernsee and the Salzburg Cathedral.
Family.
Adelheid was a daughter of Otto II, Count of Wolfratshausen and his wife Justizia. Otto was created Count between 1098 and 1116. He was also Count of Thaining (c. 1073), Count of Ambras (c. 1078) and Count of Diessen (c. 1100). The family name of her mother is not attested in primary sources. Theories suggest Justizia was a member of the House of Babenberg. They are based on the transmission of the first name "Luitpold", previously used by the Babenberg, which was used by several of Justizia's descendants.
Her paternal grandparents were Berthold I, Count of Diessen and his unnamed wife. The work "Genealogischen Tafeln zur mitteleuropäischen Geschichte" (1965–1967) by Wilhelm Wegener introduced a theory that Berthold I was married to a member of the Hohenwart family, a line of the wider Ratpotonen dynasty. The theory was based on the transmission of the first name "Konrad" from the Ratpotonen to the Counts of Diessen and their descendants. The theory would also explain why the Counts of Diessen held property previously owned by the Ratpotonen. Theories differ on the identity of her maternal grandparents. Wegener suggested they were Liutpold, Margrave of the Hungarian March and his unnamed wife. This Liutpold was a son of Adalbert, Margrave of Austria. He reigned briefly in the Hungarian March and died on 9 December 1043. There are theories identifying him with the namesake first husband of Ida of Elsdorf. Ida being a daughter of Liudolf, Margrave of Frisia. However primary sources do not mention a widow or children of Liutpold. The """" (1978) by Detlev Schwennicke, suggested her maternal grandparents were Ernest, Margrave of Austria, a younger brother of Liutpold, and his first wife Adelheid of Wettin.
Adelheid of Wettin was a daughter of Dedi I, Margrave of the Saxon Ostmark and his first wife Oda of Ostmark. He inherited Ostmark by right of this marriage. Her maternal grandfather were Thietmar, Margrave of the Saxon Ostmark. The identity of her maternal grandmother is unknown.
Marriage.
Adelheid married Berengar II, Count of Sulzbach. They had six known children:

</doc>
<doc id="20409536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409536" title="Wenyuan Chamber">
Wenyuan Chamber

The Wenyuan Chamber (), an imperial library of the Qing Dynasty in the Forbidden City in Beijing, was built in 1776. It stores numerous works, including the "Sikuquanshu". The architecture style of Wenyuan Chamber was based on the renowned Tianyi Chamber in Ningbo.
Wenjin Chamber in the Mountain Resort is another remaining imperial library of the Qing Dynasty.
At present, the Wenyuan Chamber is not open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="20409547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409547" title="Borki, Ostrołęka County">
Borki, Ostrołęka County

Borki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409548" title="Brzeźno, Masovian Voivodeship">
Brzeźno, Masovian Voivodeship

Brzeźno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409551" title="Brzeźno-Kolonia">
Brzeźno-Kolonia

Brzeźno-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409553" title="Czarnowo, Ostrołęka County">
Czarnowo, Ostrołęka County

Czarnowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409555" title="Czernie">
Czernie

Czernie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409556" title="Mythimna obsoleta">
Mythimna obsoleta

The Obscure Wainscot ("Mythimna obsoleta") is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Europe, from southern Fennoscandia to Spain, Italy and the Balkans, the European part of Russia, the Caucasus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzia, southern Siberia, Turkey, the Ural, Mongolia, the Russian Far East, the Korean Peninsula, China and Japan (Hokkaido and Honshu).
The wingspan is 36–40 mm. The moth flies from May to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Phragmites australis".

</doc>
<doc id="20409557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409557" title="Damięty">
Damięty

Damięty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409565" title="Daniłowo, Ostrołęka County">
Daniłowo, Ostrołęka County

Daniłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409569" title="Dzbądzek">
Dzbądzek

Dzbądzek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409575" title="Gierwaty, Ostrołęka County">
Gierwaty, Ostrołęka County

Gierwaty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409580" title="Góry, Ostrołęka County">
Góry, Ostrołęka County

Góry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409583" title="Goworówek">
Goworówek

Goworówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409585" title="Graham Sutton (musician)">
Graham Sutton (musician)

Graham Sutton is an English musician, songwriter, composer and record producer based in Hackney, UK. He is best known as the leader and key figure of seminal post-rock band Bark Psychosis, as well as being an in-demand producer for alternative rock bands since the late 1990s.
Personal projects.
Bark Psychosis.
Sutton first came to attention as the main figure in the band Bark Psychosis in which he played guitar, sampler and assorted keyboards as well as handling lead vocals where necessary. Founded in 1986, Bark Psychosis developed a growing reputation in avant-garde rock circles culminating in the 21-minute "Scum" single in 1992 and the album "Hex" in 1994, following which the group split up. Secretly revived in 1999, Bark Psychosis formally returned in 2004 as a Sutton solo project with collaborators rather than a band, and released the new album "".
Boymerang.
Sutton led the drum and bass dance music project Boymerang from late 1994 until an unspecified date in the late 1990s. Initially working with Bark Psychosis keyboard player Daniel Gish, Sutton continued Boymerang as a solo project. Boymerang released one album - 1997's "Balance Of The Force" - and several EPs.
Work as producer.
Sutton has produced albums by artists including Jarvis Cocker, British Sea Power, These New Puritans, The Veils, Delays, Snowpony, Altocamet, Coldharbourstores, Pellumair and Anjali Bhatia (ex-Voodoo Queens), plus early recordings by The $urplu$ (a band featuring David Callahan of Moonshake and The Wolfhounds).
Work as mixing/remixing engineer.
Sutton has produced single mixes and remixes for acts including Metallica, Goldie, Brakes, Mansun, Stephen Simmonds, Mandalay, Ed Rush, Collapsed Lung, Thes Siniestros, Ultramarine and Wagon Christ.
Work as live sound mixer.
Sutton has also been in demand as a live sound mixer, including working with A Place to Bury Strangers.

</doc>
<doc id="20409591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409591" title="Goworowo, Ostrołęka County">
Goworowo, Ostrołęka County

Goworowo is a village in Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Goworowo. It lies approximately south of Ostrołęka and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 820.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409595" title="Grabowo, Gmina Goworowo">
Grabowo, Gmina Goworowo

Grabowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409599" title="Grodzisk, Ostrołęka County">
Grodzisk, Ostrołęka County

Grodzisk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409601" title="Jawory-Podmaście">
Jawory-Podmaście

Jawory-Podmaście is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409605" title="Jawory-Wielkopole">
Jawory-Wielkopole

Jawory-Wielkopole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409609" title="Jemieliste, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jemieliste, Masovian Voivodeship

Jemieliste is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409611" title="Brandt">
Brandt

Brandt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20409612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409612" title="Cisk (disambiguation)">
Cisk (disambiguation)

Cisk is an award winning brand of lager and pils style beers produced by Maltese brewery Simonds Farsons Cisk plc. The first 'Cisk' brands of beer were produced by the Malta Export Brewery (which later became known as Simonds Farsons Cisk)in 1929 and included 'Cisk Pilsener' and 'Cisk Munchener'. 
Cisk may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20409616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409616" title="Józefowo, Ostrołęka County">
Józefowo, Ostrołęka County

Józefowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409618" title="Jurgi, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jurgi, Masovian Voivodeship

Jurgi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409621" title="Kaczka">
Kaczka

Kaczka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20409624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409624" title="Kaczka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kaczka, Masovian Voivodeship

Kaczka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409626" title="Cisk, Poland">
Cisk, Poland

Cisk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409629" title="Kobylin, Ostrołęka County">
Kobylin, Ostrołęka County

Kobylin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409637" title="Kruszewo, Ostrołęka County">
Kruszewo, Ostrołęka County

Kruszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409639" title="Lipianka">
Lipianka

Lipianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409640" title="Ludwinowo, Ostrołęka County">
Ludwinowo, Ostrołęka County

Ludwinowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409647" title="Michałowo, Gmina Goworowo">
Michałowo, Gmina Goworowo

Michałowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409652" title="Nogawki">
Nogawki

Nogawki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409655" title="Pasieki, Ostrołęka County">
Pasieki, Ostrołęka County

Pasieki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409656" title="Bake, Cornwall">
Bake, Cornwall

Bake () is a hamlet in south-east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is west of St Germans at , south-west of the A38/A374 Trerulefoot roundabout.
Bake is the seat of the Moyle family (although Bake itself is in the civil parish of Deviock) and St German's Priory has a mortuary chapel for the Moyle family of Bake.
West of the manor house, a steep tree-lined valley called Bake Wood runs down to the River Seaton. At the top of the valley, seven artificial lakes are commercially operated as Bake Fishing Lakes providing coarse fishing and fly fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="20409659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409659" title="Pokrzywnica, Ostrołęka County">
Pokrzywnica, Ostrołęka County

Pokrzywnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409662" title="Pokrzywnica-Kolonia">
Pokrzywnica-Kolonia

Pokrzywnica-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409664" title="Ponikiew Duża">
Ponikiew Duża

Ponikiew Duża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409665" title="Ponikiew Mała">
Ponikiew Mała

Ponikiew Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409668" title="Ponikiew Mała-Kolonia">
Ponikiew Mała-Kolonia

Ponikiew Mała-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409670" title="Rębisze-Działy">
Rębisze-Działy

Rębisze-Działy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409671" title="Rębisze-Kolonia">
Rębisze-Kolonia

Rębisze-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409674" title="Rębisze-Parcele">
Rębisze-Parcele

Rębisze-Parcele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409680" title="Stare Jawory">
Stare Jawory

Stare Jawory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409682" title="Globus (airline)">
Globus (airline)

Globus () is a Russian airline based at Domodedovo International Airport and a subsidiary of S7 Airlines. It operates scheduled and charter flights to domestic and some international destinations.
History.
The airline was founded in the spring of 2008, S7 Airlines, a major Russian airline based in Novosibirsk for charter flights. Globus Airlines started operations shortly thereafter on a Tupolev Tu-154M, which was previously in use at the parent company. Another type aircraft Tupolev Tu-154M and the first Boeing 737–400 was transferred later in the first year of operation of S7 Airlines to Globus Airlines. In addition, followed by Boeings 737–800 of bankrupt U.S. carrier ATA Airlines.
By December of 2008, less than a year after its founding, the rapidly growing airline was sold by its parent company S7 Airlines to the East Line Group. Its purpose was to concentrate on flying to holiday destinations. From 2010 Globus has been operating mainly regular domestic services.
Fleet.
Current.
The Globus Airlines fleet includes the following aircraft (as of December 2013):

</doc>
<doc id="20409684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409684" title="Struniawy">
Struniawy

Struniawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409689" title="Szarłat, Masovian Voivodeship">
Szarłat, Masovian Voivodeship

Szarłat is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409692" title="Szczawin, Ostrołęka County">
Szczawin, Ostrołęka County

Szczawin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Ostrołęka and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409695" title="Wólka Brzezińska">
Wólka Brzezińska

Wólka Brzezińska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409696" title="Wólka Kunińska">
Wólka Kunińska

Wólka Kunińska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409697" title="Securum">
Securum

Securum was a Swedish state company founded in 1992 during the financial crisis in Sweden 1990–1994 for the purpose of taking on and unwinding bad debt from the partly state-owned Nordbanken bank. It followed a proposal made to the Swedish authorities by McKinsey & Co and based on better practices from the US banking crises of the 1980s (e.g., Savings & Loan, Resolution Trust Company and Mellon Bank). Many of the debts were owed by real-estate companies and it became a goal for Securum to stabilize the property market. The company was established when Anne Wibble was Finance Minister and Per Westerberg was Minister for Business and Industry in the Government of Carl Bildt.
The company took over a quarter of the bank's credit portfolio, comprising 3000 credits with 1274 companies (of which 790 were listed companies, the biggest of which was Nobel Industries to the value of 24 billion Swedish kronor. Securum had a share capital of 24 billion kronor from the Swedish state as well as 27 billion in credits. That would be enough to get through the crisis during a period of 10 to 15 years.
Securum's design was quite particular and followed proven success factors for a "bad bank": speed and independence to isolate the problem exposures, while simultaneously protecting capital and liquidity of the surviving "good bank" and its operations. In addition, The company management were given free hands. A large number of the credits were unwound by the summer of 1994. Five flotations were executed: Nobelpharma – today Nobel Biocare – Servisair and three property companies: Castellum AB, Norrporten as well as Pandox. By the summer of 1997, Securum itself could be wound down.

</doc>
<doc id="20409700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409700" title="Żabin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Żabin, Masovian Voivodeship

Żabin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409706" title="Zaorze, Gmina Goworowo">
Zaorze, Gmina Goworowo

Zaorze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Goworowo, south of Ostrołęka, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409711" title="Lamont Kirkland">
Lamont Kirkland

Major General (Robert) Lamont Kirkland, CBE is a former senior British Army officer. He commanded 4th Division from November 2008 to January 2012 and is now full time CEO of Team Army.
Career.
Following education at Strathallan School and training at Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, Kirkland's permanent commission in the Royal Engineers as a second lieutenant was confirmed on 9 October 1976 (dated 6 March 1976). He was promoted lieutenant on 6 March 1978, captain on 6 September 1982, and major on 30 September 1989. 
He transferred to the Green Howards on 17 December 1991, and was promoted lieutenant colonel on appointment as Commanding Officer of the Green Howards on 30 June 1994. On 5 December 1997 he was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for his service in the former Yugoslavia between December 1996 and June 1997. He was promoted colonel on 30 June 2000, and brigadier on 30 June 2003. In the 2005 New Year Honours he was promoted to Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE). In August 2008 he was serving as Director Army Personnel Strategy when he was nominated as the next General Officer Commanding of 4th Division. This appointment took effect on 12 November 2008 when he was also promoted major general. On 6 November 2008 he also became chairman of the Army Winter Sports Association (AWSA). 
He left his military posts in January 2012 on his retirement from the Army and became full time CEO of Team Army.

</doc>
<doc id="20409765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409765" title="Kołbiel">
Kołbiel

Kołbiel is a village in Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kołbiel. It lies approximately east of Otwock and south-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 2,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20409768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409768" title="Bates Well Ranch">
Bates Well Ranch

The Bates Well Ranch (), also known as the Bates Well, Growler Well, Gray Ranch and El Veit, was one of the fifteen ranches and line camps in the Gray family cattle business in the Sonoran Desert country north of the US-Mexico border in Pima County, Arizona. Operating for nearly 60 years, the ranch is now part of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.
The main ranch house was moved from Growler Mine to Bates Well in 1942, re-used in traditional frontier and Gray family practice. Probably originating as a miners' cabin, the northern portion was presumably added after its relocation at Bates Well. The original well may have been dug by W.B. Bates about 1870, with a later well dug by Reuben Daniels "circa" 1913. An arrastra, a simple ore-milling operation, existed in the early 20th century. The property was developed by Robert Louis Gray's son, Henry from 1935 on. Henry lived there until his death in 1976.
The Bates Well property represents a very complete and intact example of the frontier ranching pattern in Arizona typical of the Sonoran Desert during the first third of the twentieth century. The Gray family controlled essentially all ranching operations in the Organ Pipe National Monument area, including Aguajita Spring, Alamo Canyon Ranch, Bonita Well Line Camp, Bull Pasture, Cement Tank, Dos Lomitas Ranch, Dowling Ranch, Gachado Line Camp, Hocker Well, Pozo Nuevo Line Camp, Pozo Salado or Salt Well, Red Tanks Well, Wild Horse Tank and Williams Spring. Ranching operations ceased in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20409769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409769" title="In my Craft or Sullen Art">
In my Craft or Sullen Art

"In my Craft or Sullen Art" is a poem written by Welsh poet Dylan Thomas (1914–1953). It was first published in 1946 in "Deaths and Entrances". The poem describes a poet who must write for the sake of his craft rather than any material gains that may come from his work.
Use as lyrics.
The poem has been set to music on at least two occasions. It was scored for mezzo-soprano and piano in 2001 by Wayne L. Davies as part of a Dylan Thomas song-cycle. It was also provided the basis - and lyrics - for "In my craft or sullen art", a song by New Zealand pop group Mink in 1995. A further musical version - part of an album of songs inspired by Thomas - was released by New Zealand's Chris Matthews and Robot Monkey Orchestra in 2008. In 2008 it was set to music by composer Thomas Hewitt Jones as a tone-poem for Soprano, Piano and Cello, first performed at the Royal Opera House in January 2009. Also appeared on the The Perth County Conspiracy's Does Not Exist album.
Other uses.
In 2009, the London-based Poetry Society used the text of this poem for their "Knit A Poem" project. Each letter of the poem was charted and knit onto a square by volunteers. Spaces and "white space" used knitted blocks without a letter to fill in around the text, also knit by volunteers. More than 850 volunteers from all over the world participated. The finished poem was 7mx9m and was unveiled on October 7, 2009 in front of the British Library in London.
References.
In the film Strumpet(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strumpet_(film)) Christopher Eccleston paraphrases part of the poem during his recital of John Cooper Clarke's 'Evidently Chickentown'

</doc>
<doc id="20409812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409812" title="Little Fort Ferry">
Little Fort Ferry

The Little Fort Ferry is a cable ferry across the North Thompson River in British Columbia, Canada. It is situated at Little Fort, about north of Kamloops. 
Technically, the ferry is a reaction ferry, which is propelled by the current of the water. An overhead cable is suspended from towers anchored on either bank of the river, and a "traveller" is installed on the cable. The ferry is attached to the traveller by a bridle cable. To operate the ferry, rudders are used to ensure that the pontoons are angled into the current, causing the force of the current to move the ferry across the river. 
The ferry operates under contract to the British Columbia Ministry of Transportation, is free of tolls, and runs on demand between 0700 and 1820. It carries a maximum of 2 cars and 12 passengers at a time. The crossing is about in length, and takes 5 minutes. 
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="20409813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409813" title="World Focus (disambiguation)">
World Focus (disambiguation)

World Focus or Worldfocus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20409817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409817" title="Ann Gleeson">
Ann Gleeson

Ann Gleeson is an Irish radio personality who has presented, produced and featured on numerous Today FM shows. She has gained cult status for her slots on Tom Dunne's "Pet Sounds" and her current position on The Ray Foley Show. Dunne would constantly include Gleeson, whom he would refer to as his "assistant Ann", with him, in his show and the two developed a nightly competition where she would hum an obscure track for the listeners to guess. Gleeson then became known for her "Ann Does Ireland!" segment on The Ray Foley Show, "Ann Does Ireland!" saw Gleeson travel Ireland on a weekly basis describing towns and cities in a humorous and satirical manner for Foley's lunchtime listeners. This led to her taking on an increasing role in the show, substituting for regular female co-host Adelle McDonnell and making contributions to the show's blog. Her involvement peaked recently when McDonnell married and took a five-week honeymoon, Gleeson filling in for her on twenty-five consecutive days only for Foley to jokingly claim on her departure that she only showered once every fortnight. She returned when Adelle went to Uganda on a pilgrimage. Gleeson was also involved in the recent special edition of "The Ray D'Arcy Show" live from Vicar Street, presented "The Essential Guns N' Roses" on 23 November 2008 (her debut on that show) and is credited for her part in the making of "Even Better Than the Disco Thing". In July 2012, she began chemotherapy after being diagnosed with Non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
Early life.
Gleeson is the youngest of nine children, she has seven brothers and one sister. She was born in Nenagh and spent her schoolyears there. She was brought up by her mother Anne ("with an e") and her father Liam.

</doc>
<doc id="20409825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409825" title="Amiga Walker">
Amiga Walker

The Amiga Walker, sometimes incorrectly known as the "Mind Walker", is a prototype of an Amiga computer developed and shown by Amiga Technologies in late 1995/early 1996. The last real Amiga was planned as a replacement for the A1200 with a faster CPU, better expansion capabilities and a built-in CD-ROM. The "Walker" was never released; Escom and Amiga Technologies went bankrupt, and only two prototypes were made.
The case is unique and radically different from computers before it. The intention was also to make the motherboard available without the case so users could put it into a standard PC case. There were a number of other potential case designs of different sizes, the "Walker" motherboard could fit all of them; this allowed for expandability tailored to the user's requirements.
Despite Amiga Technologies' bravery in producing an innovative case, it did not get a very good reception. Comparisons were made with vacuum cleaners, Darth Vader's helmet and even "Doctor Who"'s electronic dog K-9.

</doc>
<doc id="20409835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409835" title="Henri-Auguste de Loménie, comte de Brienne">
Henri-Auguste de Loménie, comte de Brienne

Henri-Auguste de Loménie, (1594 – 3 November 1666), Count of Brienne, Seigneur de La Ville-aux-Clercs was a French politician. He was secretary of state for the navy from 1615 to February 1643, and then secretary of state for foreign affairs from 1643 to 1663 under Mazarin during the minority of Louis XIV. From the Loménie family (originating in Flavignac in Limousin), he was the son of Antoine de Loménie, secretary of state to Henry IV and a Huguenot convert.
The Comte de Brienne was naturally destined to public office. He traveled to Germany, Poland and Italy, by order of his father, the last as well prepare for his career. He was back in Paris towards the end of 1609, that he was noticed by Henry IV, who allowed him to attend the board sometimes. Marie de Medici, regent of France, commissioned him in 1614 to negotiate with some members of the "États généraux", "whose minds were unwell", and his clever response obtained from them the nomination of a president acceptable to the court. This success earned him in 1617, master of ceremonies and provost of King's orders. Until the death of his father, his principal occupation "was to accompany the King and gain the honor of his good graces, to which he succeeds."
The British Embassy, where he was responsible for negotiating, the marriage of Henrietta Maria of France with the Charles I of England. However, when he seemed to have met with success in its attempt at accommodatation, he was disowned by Louis XIII and Richelieu.
The kindness of the queen mother of Louis XIV, to the him was also the affection of the princess to Madame de Brienne, his wife, the whole court knew to be the closest confidante of Anne of Austria. This influence kept him in power until the death of Mazarin, but before that time, his influence began to wane.
The impairment of the Count of Brienne were not soon enough for the young and voluntary authority of Louis XIV; high diplomatic capacities should preferably also attract the attention of the King, a great kingdom was coming, and he had to carry and moderate both the ideas of the gigantic new prince, physical strength and moral well above that of the Count de Brienne. Hugues de Lyonne was charged in 1663, with the Department of Foreign Affairs, replacing him.
He died in 1666. Le Tellier, who became chancellor, said in council, when he heard the news: He had never seen a man more intelligent in business, less shaken at the least danger, less stunned by surprises, and more fertile in expedients to disentangle them happily.
And the King Louis XIV said: I lost today the oldest, most loyal and most informed of my ministers. 
He wrote his memoirs for the instruction of her children: Memory containing the most remarkable events of the reign of Louis XIII and Louis XIV than to the death of Cardinal Mazarin.

</doc>
<doc id="20409860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409860" title="Otto Stern School for Integrated Doctoral Education">
Otto Stern School for Integrated Doctoral Education

The Otto Stern School (OSS) is the platform for doctoral education in natural sciences at the Johann Wolfgang Goethe University Frankfurt am Main. 
Organisation.
The Otto Stern School was founded in 2006 as a scientific centre of the Goethe University. It offers support and sponsorship for its members. Doctoral candidates and their supervising teams (professors and, as second or third supervisor, postdocs) can become members if they belong to one of the natural sciences faculties or PhD programmes and Collaborate Research Centres of the Goethe University, e.g.:
International Helmholtz Graduate School
Institutions of the Otto Stern School are the Council, consisting of representatives of the respective faculties, PhD programmes, supervisors and doctoral candidates, the Directorate, the Quality-Assurance Board, the Admission Committees, the Chairperson, the Management and the Ombudsperson. 
Responsibilities.
This is accomplished by three main offers: A Target Agreement is concluded between doctoral candidates, supervisors and the OSS, which limits the dissertation project to 3-3.5 years and arranges regular meetings of the candidate and the supervising team. 
Furthermore, the OSS offers workshops for doctoral candidates and, if desired, supervisors to convey key skills in research (e.g. scientific presentation), organisation (e.g. time management and communication strategies) and career planning (e.g. application training). English and German language courses are also part of this programme.
Also funding options like travel grants, start-up scholarships and child-care subsidies are awarded to foster international and interdisciplinary research in the natural sciences of the Goethe University.

</doc>
<doc id="20409861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409861" title="Lord Gyllene">
Lord Gyllene

Lord Gyllene (born 10 November 1988) was a New Zealand bred racehorse whose greatest victory came in the 1997 Grand National at Aintree. He was trained by Steve Brookshaw for owner Sir Stanley Clarke CBE and ridden by Tony Dobbin. Lord Gyllene was retired by his owner in 2001 due to injury. He had a race record in the UK of 13 runs: won 4, second 5 and third once, as well as two wins in New Zealand.
The victory of Lord Gyllene is remembered as much for the circumstances surrounding the bomb threats and re-staging of the Grand National on the following Monday, as for his win itself.

</doc>
<doc id="20409866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409866" title="Denis Klyuyev">
Denis Klyuyev

Denis Viktorovich Klyuyev (; born 8 September 1973 in Moscow) is a Russian football manager and former Soviet and Russian midfielder. Since August 2013, he has worked as a youth coach for Lokomotiv Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20409872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409872" title="Intres">
Intres

Intres may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20409877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409877" title="Ana Terter">
Ana Terter

Ana Terter (Bulgarian and ; died after 1304) was a Bulgarian princess and Queen consort of Serbia (1284–1299). She was the third wife of King Stefan Uroš II Milutin of Serbia.
According to George Pachymeres, Ana was ""the daughter of Terter, borne to him by the sister of Asen". "The sister of Asen" was Kira Maria- second wife of George I Terter. According another theory Ana was the daughter of George Terter and his first wife Maria, a sister of Bulgarian tsar Theodore Svetoslav.
In 1284 Ana married King Stefan Uroš II Milutin of Serbia as his third wife. They had two children:
In 1299 Stefan Uroš II Milutin divorced Ana in order to marry Simonida, who was only 5 years old. Ana was sent to the Byzantine Empire where in 1301 she married Michael (Demetrios) Doukas Komnenos Koutroules, son of the Despot Michael II Komnenos Doukas of Epirus. They had issues.
In 1304 Ana Terter and Michael (Demetrios) Doukas were accused of conspiracy against the Emperor. In 1305 they were imprisoned in the Great Palace of Constantinople and their property was confiscated. Later Ana and Michael made an attempt to escape to Bulgaria, but they failed and Michael was imprisoned in the jail of Blachernae.

</doc>
<doc id="20409881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409881" title="37mm Spade Mortar">
37mm Spade Mortar

The 37mm Spade Mortar was a Soviet 37 mm light infantry mortar used in the Second World War. The mortar was produced from 1939 until the end of 1941.
Description.
The weapon was a dual-purpose device in that it could also be used as a spade. When a leg was removed from the handle, the spade part of the weapon locked into position as a base plate for the mortar. The weapon was apparently intended to serve as a fire support weapon for every infantryman as it was designed to be operated by one man. There was no aiming device and the soldier simply pointed the mortar at its target. The soldier carried 15 rounds of ammunition on a fabric belt for the mortar.
The German Army designated the weapon the "3.7 cm Spatengranatwerfer 161(r)", although the true Soviet designation was simply "37mm mortar" (). The weapon was likely an attempt to boost the firepower of Soviet rifle units. Although a rifle grenade-launcher (which the Red Army also had) can fire shells of similar weight, they are slower to load and cannot serve as rifles while firing grenades. The spade mortar was used during the Winter War with Finland, where the weapon was found ineffective in the heavy snow. Initially used in the Russo-German War, the spade mortar fell into disuse after 1942.
During the Iran-Iraq War, the Iranian Army developed a similar device, the 37mm Marsh Mortar for use in marshy ground, as 37mm was the maximum shell size for which recoil did not drive the mortar into the soft ground.

</doc>
<doc id="20409894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409894" title="Amandaville">
Amandaville

Amandaville may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20409911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409911" title="Benny Dargle">
Benny Dargle

Bernard "Benny" Dargle (born 2 January 1957) is a retired English-born American soccer player who played as a defender, making over 400 career appearances in a professional career which lasted from 1978 to 1992.
Career.
Dargle was born in Liverpool, England and played college soccer for the University of Akron from 1975 to 1977. He began his pro-career in 1978 with the Cleveland Cobras of the American Soccer League before moving to the Detroit Express of the North American Soccer League in 1979. He played two outdoor and one indoor seasons with the Express before moving to the Washington Diplomats in 1981. The Dips folded at the end of the season and on October 6, 1981, the Seattle Sounders selected Dargle first in the dispersal draft. He finished his NASL career with the Sounders in 1983. When the Sounders folded at the end of the 1983 season, the Vancouver Whitecaps selected Dargle in the dispersal draft, but he did not sign with that team. Instead, he turned to indoor soccer with the Cleveland Force of the Major Indoor Soccer League with whom he played five seasons. On June 16, 1988, the Force released Dargle, along with several other players, as the team folded. Dargle remained in Cleveland after no other MISL team signed him. In the summer of 1989, Dargle was signed by the expansion Cleveland Crunch after a successful trial. On June 20, 1990, Dargle became a free agent when the Crunch allowed his contract to lapse. He then moved to the Canton Invaders of the American Indoor Soccer Association. He became the head coach during the 1990-1991 season and remained so until resigning in July 1992. He continued to play until the end of the 1992-1993 season. In January 1996, he returned to the Invaders on a fifteen day contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20409917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409917" title="Equality and diversity (United Kingdom)">
Equality and diversity (United Kingdom)

Equality and diversity is a term used in the United Kingdom to define and champion equality, diversity and human rights as defining values of society. It promotes equality of opportunity for all, giving every individual the chance to achieve their potential, free from prejudice and discrimination.
UK legislation requires public authorities to promote equality in everything that they do, also making sure that other organisations meet their legal duties to promote equality while also doing so themselves.
In the UK under the Equality Act 2010 there are certain legal requirements under existing legislation to promote equality in the areas of 9 Protected . These are often collectively referred to as the general duties to promote equality.
As the independent advocate for equality and human rights in Britain, a Commission of Equality and Human Rights (EHRC) exists that aims to reduce inequality, eliminate discrimination, strengthen good relations between people and promote and protect human rights. EHRC has a duty to challenge prejudice and disadvantage and promote the importance of human rights, enforcing equality laws on age, disability, gender, gender reassignment, race, religion or belief and sexual orientation and encourage compliance with the Human Rights Act.
Requirements and duties.
The requirements to eliminate unlawful sex discrimination and harassment also include discrimination and harassment on the basis of gender reassignment.
It follows that:
Equality and discrimination.
"It is unlawful for age to be the cause of less favourable treatment in a workplace or in vocational training, unless there is an objective justification for doing so.
Where this is referred to, it refers to a person belonging to a particular age (e.g. 32 year olds) or range of ages (e.g. 18 - 30 year olds)."
"If one has a physical or mental impairment, that person has specific rights that protect them against discrimination. Employers and service providers are obliged to make relevant adjustments. Under certain circumstances this protection also extends to their carers [http://www.carersuk.org/Newsandcampaigns/Carersinaction/1216739551]
A person has a disability if s/he has a physical or mental impairment which has a substantial and long-term adverse effect on that person's ability to carry out normal day-to-day activities."
"The process of transitioning from one gender to another."
"Marriage is defined as a 'union between a man and a woman'. Same-sex couples can have their relationships legally recognised as 'civil partnerships'. Civil partners must be treated the same as married couples on a wide range of legal matters."
"Pregnancy is the condition of being pregnant or expecting a baby. Maternity refers to the period after the birth, and is linked to maternity leave in the employment context. In the non-work context, protection against maternity discrimination is for 26 weeks after giving birth, and this includes treating a woman unfavourably because she is breastfeeding."
"Refers to the protected characteristic of Race. It refers to a group of people defined by their race, colour, and nationality (including citizenship) ethnic or national origins.
Wherever one was born, wherever their parents came from, whatever the colour of their skin, they have a right to be treated fairly and be protected against racial discrimination and prejudice."
"Religion has the meaning usually given to it but belief includes religious and philosophical beliefs including lack of belief (e.g. Atheism). Generally, a belief should affect your life choices or the way you live for it to be included in the definition.
Religion or belief should not interfere with anybody’s right to be treated fairly at work, at school, in shops or while accessing public services such as health care and housing."
"A man or a woman."
"Whether a person's sexual attraction is towards their own sex, the opposite sex or to both sexes.
Whether one is straight, gay, lesbian or bisexual should not put them at a disadvantage. The law protects the citizen against discrimination in the workplace, including harassment, on grounds of sexual orientation."
You can see a more in-depth definition of these protected characteristics on the Office of Public Sector Information website.

</doc>
<doc id="20409995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20409995" title="Kristin Skogen Lund">
Kristin Skogen Lund

Kristin Skogen Lund (born 1966) is a Norwegian businessperson.
From 1992 to 1995 she worked as a manager in Lever Europe. In 1995 she was hired in the Coca-Cola Company and was the director of Coca-Cola Beverages Sweden from 1997 to 1998. In 1998 she was hired by Scandinavia Online and became CEO before the turn of the year. From 2003 to 2004 she was the CEO of Scanpix. In 2004 she moved to Aftenposten AS—publisher the newspaper "Aftenposten"—and in 2007 became CEO. Aftenposten AS is owned 100% by Schibsted. Lund has held various board memberships within the Schibsted Group and in the Norwegian Chamber Orchestra, and she is a member of the board of the Orkla Group. 
In 2009 she left "Aftenposten" to become director of Nordic activities in Telenor.
Since 2008 she has also served as vice president of the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise. In April 2010 she became acting president, after Paul-Christian Rieber suddenly backed down. During summer 2010 she was formally elected as president of the organization for two years. 
"Fortune" in 2011 cited Skogen Lund among the "Fortune 50 Most Powerful Women in Business"— Skogen Lund being number 38 in the ranking. She was similarly featured on the "10 Global women on the rise" list. The Norwegian business magazine Kapital has two years in a row put her on the top of the list of Norway's most powerful women. 
In September 2012 it was made public that she will change position from president to chief executive of the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise from November 1, 2012.
Education.
She obtained a BA with honors in International Studies and Business Administration from the University of Oregon and an MBA from INSEAD.

</doc>
<doc id="20410002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410002" title="Gary Darrell">
Gary Darrell

Gary Darrell is a retired Bermudian association football player who played in the North American Soccer League.
Darrell began his professional career in Bermuda where he played for the Wellington Rovers and Devonshire Colts. In 1972, he signed with the Montreal Olympique of the North American Soccer League. In 1974, he moved to the Washington Diplomats where he played seven seasons. Darrell also played international football for Bermuda and managed the Bermuda national teams after his retirement as a player.

</doc>
<doc id="20410007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410007" title="Un amore">
Un amore

Un amore is a 1965 Italian romance film directed by Gianni Vernuccio.

</doc>
<doc id="20410028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410028" title="Rudolf Hoppe">
Rudolf Hoppe

Rudolf Hoppe (born 29 October 1922, in Wittenberge, Brandenburg, Germany), a German chemist, discovered the first covalent noble gas compounds.
Academic career.
Hoppe studied chemistry at the Christian-Albrechts-University of Kiel and was awarded his doctorate at the Westfälische Wilhelms-University of Münster in 1954. He also got his habilitation degree in Münster and gained a professorship for inorganic chemistry in 1958. 
In 1965, Hoppe accepted an offer for the chair of inorganic and analytic chemistry at the Justus-Liebig-University of Gießen, which he kept until his retirement in 1991.
Scientific research.
In Münster.
Hoppe became famous through his synthesis of the stable noble gas compound XeF2 (xenon difluoride), reported in November 1962. His work followed the previous synthesis of by xenon hexafluoroplatinate by Neil Bartlett, in an experiment run on March 23, 1962 and reported in June of that year. Until then, everyone had assumed that compounds of such kind would not exist, the reason being, first, unsuccessful experiments attempting to synthesize such noble gas compounds and, second, the concept of the "closed octet of electrons", according to which noble gases would not participate in chemical reactions.
Through the properties of the interhalogen compounds it had become obvious that noble gas fluorides were the only accessible ones. Since 1949/50, a research group in Münster had carried out in-depth discussions on the possibility of the formation and the properties of xenon fluorides. This research group was convinced, already in 1951, that XeF4 and XeF2 should be thermodynamically stable against the decomposition into the elements.
For a long time it was planned to occasionally perform synthetic experiments targeted at the xenon fluorides. Technical and conceptional difficulties, however, interfered in Münster. On the one hand, xenon was not accessible in sufficient purity; on the other hand, the researchers believed that only pressure syntheses would be successful, for which steel bottles with compressed F2 were needed. Since 1961, those F2-pressure cylinders had been promised by American friends but the transfer could not take place until 1963 because the valves of non-standard U.S. pressure cylinders were not allowed in Germany and vice versa.
Nevertheless, Hoppe’s research group was able to generate XeF2 in the form of transparent crystals in early 1962. To do so, they let electric sparks impact on xenon-fluorine mixtures. Neil Bartlett tried a similar experiment for the first time in the USA on August 2, 1962. After a few days, he gained xenon tetrafluoride, XeF4.
In Gießen.
In Gießen, Hoppe continued his extensive research in the field of solid state chemistry with a focus on the synthesis and characterization of oxo- and fluorometalates of the alkali metals. During his research he published over 650 articles in international and national peer-review journals. In addition, he had been the scientific editor for the German Journal of Inorganic and General Chemistry (Zeitschrift für Anorganische und Allgemeine Chemie).
Teachings.
As a professor, Prof. Hoppe taught many young students the fundamentals of chemistry and other more specific topics. In addition, 114 doctoral candidates earned their Ph.D. with Hoppe as their supervisor.
Other activities.
Hoppe is a great pet lover and is known to be a supporter of zoological gardens.
Honors.
Furthermore, Hoppe has been a member of several scientific societies and academies as well as of the Academy Leopoldina of Halle and of the Bavarian and Austrian Academy of Science.

</doc>
<doc id="20410057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410057" title="Paul McEwan (actor)">
Paul McEwan (actor)

Paul McEwan is a British actor. He was born in Barnsley in 1970 to Denise and Barry Stephenson. He trained at the Academy of Live and Recorded Arts in London and worked in a call centre to raise funds.
He has had varied television appearances on programmes like "Clocking Off", "No Angels", "Holby City", "Casualty", "Doctors" and "Emmerdale" for which he is best known as PC Shane Doyle. He has also performed in plays with the RSC, Manchester Royal Exchange and the Lyric Hammersmith.
Personal life.
McEwan grew up in Sheffield.

</doc>
<doc id="20410061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410061" title="L'antimiracolo">
L'antimiracolo

L'antimiracolo is a 1965 Italian documentary film directed by Elio Piccon.

</doc>
<doc id="20410080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410080" title="Iris DeBrito">
Iris DeBrito

Iris DeBrito is a retired Brazilian association football player who played in the North American Soccer League.
In 1967, DeBrito signed with the New York Generals of the National Professional Soccer League. He moved to the Chicago Spurs during the season. In 1968, the NPSL merged with the United Soccer Association to form the North American Soccer League and the Spurs moved to Kansas City where they became the Kansas City Spurs. DeBrito played only two games with the Spurs in 1968 before being traded to the Toronto Falcons. He did not play in the NASL in 1969 or 1970, but returned to the league in 1971 with the Rochester Lancers. In 1974, he began the pre-season with the Los Angeles Aztecs but was traded to the Denver Dynamos a week before the season opener.

</doc>
<doc id="20410098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410098" title="Gareth Marriott">
Gareth Marriott

Gareth John Marriott (born 14 July 1970 in Mansfield) is a British slalom canoer who competed from the mid 1980 to the late 1990s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the C-1 event at Barcelona in 1992.
Marriott also won three medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a silver (C-1 team: 1993) and two bronzes (C-1: 1997, C-1 team: 1991).
He won the overall World Cup title three times in the C-1 category (1991, 1994 and 1995).

</doc>
<doc id="20410116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410116" title="Andrei Dyomkin">
Andrei Dyomkin

Andrei Petrovich Dyomkin () (born February 21, 1976 in Moscow) is a retired Russian footballer. He last played for the Amateur Football League side FC MVD Rossii-2 Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20410133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410133" title="Sigrun Vågeng">
Sigrun Vågeng

Sigrun Elisabeth Vågeng (born 29 October 1950) is a Norwegian businessperson.
She took her education at the University of Oslo in 1975, graduating as cand.mag., and took an MBA degree at the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration in 2001. 
She worked as chief staff officer at Grand Hotel, Oslo from 1980, and in 1990 she became director of the employers' association "Norsk Hotell- og Restaurantforbund", a forerunner of the Norwegian Hospitality Association. From 1994 to 2001 she was a sub-director in the Federation of Norwegian Process Industries. In 2002 she became the executive director for labour market and social affairs in the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise. She also represented her organization in the National Wages Board. In 2009 she became the director of the Norwegian Association of Local and Regional Authorities (KS). She resigned from her position in KS in October 2013, after a disagreement with the boardmembers.
She is a member of the board of the Norwegian Chamber Orchestra, and from 1992 to 1994 of Oslo Lufthavn AS, the company that manages Oslo Airport, Gardermoen.

</doc>
<doc id="20410154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410154" title="Eurotort">
Eurotort

Eurotort (a portmanteau of Europe and tort) is a legal term which describes a right to repatriation within a national legal system for breaches of directly applicable European Union law.

</doc>
<doc id="20410160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410160" title="Juan Guerra">
Juan Guerra

Juan Guerra may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20410168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410168" title="Oasis International Foundation">
Oasis International Foundation

Born in 2004 as a center of Studies based on an idea of Cardinal Angelo Scola, Oasis International Foundation constituted itself as an international Foundation in 2009. Its goal is to promote mutual knowledge and understanding between Christians and Muslims, with special focus on the reality of Christian minorities in predominantly Muslim countries. 
Oasis relies on a vast network of international contacts. In addition to Cardinal Scola its Promotional Committee includes Cardinals Philippe Barbarin (Lyon), Josip Bozanic (Zagreb), Péter Erdő (Budapest), Christoph Schönborn (Vienna), Patriarch Fouad Twal (Jerusalem) and Bishops Camillo Ballin (Kuwait), Mounged El-Hachem (Nuncio in Kuwait), Paul Hinder (Emirates), Jean-Clément Jeanbart (Alep), Maroun Lahham (Tunis), Anthony Lobo (Islamabad), Francisco Javier Martínez (Granada) and Joseph Powathil (Changanacherry). The scientific committee includes Islam experts, philosophers, sociologists, historians and legal experts.
__FORCETOC__
Oasis Resources.
Oasis is part of the "Studium Generale Marcianum", the educational-academic department of the Venice Patriarchate. Over the years it has developed a variety of resources: 
Research areas.
Oasis’ main areas of research are: cultural and civilisational métissage, a notion that seeks to explain the ongoing process of mixing of cultures and spiritual experiences; the cultural heritage of Eastern Christian minorities; the various grassroots forms of Islam as expressions of a type of religiosity that is truly indispensable to understand Muslim societies, past and present; religious freedom seen from a legal perspective but also as a privileged path to grasp the theoretical connection between truth and freedom. For Oasis, bearing witness is a decisive notion in interfaith dialogue when understood as an adequate means to access the truth.
Oasis is based in Venice and was presented to UNESCO in Paris (2005) and the United Nations (2007). 
The Centre organises each year a plenary meeting, alternating between Venice (2005, 2007 and 2009) and a location in a predominantly Muslim country, Cairo (2006) and Amman (2008).

</doc>
<doc id="20410179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410179" title="Ball, Cornwall">
Ball, Cornwall

Ball () is a hamlet on the outskirts of Wadebridge in north Cornwall, United Kingdom.
The hamlet lies on a loop off the A39 road about 1 mile east of the town centre at and lends its name to the roundabout at the east end of the Wadebridge bypass

</doc>
<doc id="20410198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410198" title="Leroy DeLeon">
Leroy DeLeon

Leroy DeLeon is a retired Trinidad and Tobago football striker who played in the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.
DeLeon graduated from Saint Benedict's College. In 1967, he signed with the New York Generals of the National Professional Soccer League. In 1968, the NPSL merged with the United Soccer Association to form the North American Soccer League. DeLeon and the Generals spent the 1969 season in the NASL. In 1970, DeLeon moved to the Washington Darts. He was a 1970 First Team All Star. Following the 1971 season, the Darts moved to Miami, Florida and became the Miami Gatos. DeLeon did not play in the NASL in 1972. In May 1974, Miami "(now renamed the Toros)" traded DeLeon to the Washington Diplomats for cash and the Diplomats 1974 first round draft choice. In April 1977, the Diplomats traded DeLeon to the San Jose Earthquakes in exchange for Mark Liveric. He finished his NASL career in 1979 with the Seattle Sounders. In the fall of 1979, DeLeon moved to the Detroit Lightning of the Major Indoor Soccer League. The Lightning traded him to the Phoenix Inferno where he retired after three seasons.
He also played at international level for Trinidad and Tobago. His son is fellow player Nick DeLeon.
In 2008, he was inducted into the Trinidad and Tobago Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20410220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410220" title="Hruševka">
Hruševka

Hruševka () is a small settlement in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20410227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410227" title="Rough Quest">
Rough Quest

Rough Quest (1986- ) is a Thoroughbred racehorse most famous for his victory in the 1996 Grand National at Aintree.
The horse went to Aintree that year in very good form, having won the Racing Post Chase and finishing second in the recent Cheltenham Gold Cup with the result that the public made him race favourite at the off. Mick Fitzgerald took the ride to be the first favourite to win the race for fourteen years. However the race was most notable for a prolonged stewards enquiry into the possibility that the winner had crossed the runner up Encore Un Peu on the run in. After the enquiry, the result was allowed to stand.
Rough Quest never fully recovered from his efforts and was found to have a muscle enzyme disorder, winning just one more race in his career, a hunter chase at Newbury in 1999 before being retired later that year. 

</doc>
<doc id="20410248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410248" title="1989 Island Games">
1989 Island Games

The 1989 Island Games were the third Island Games, and were held in Faroe Islands, from July 5 to July 13, 1989.
Medal table.
Key:
Sports.
The sports chosen for the games were:

</doc>
<doc id="20410253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410253" title="Pyrotol catalyst">
Pyrotol catalyst

Pyrotol is also the trademarked name of a catalyst used in the industrial production of benzene through a process known as pyrolysis. It is a proprietary chromium-alumina catalyst manufactured by Clariant International (formerly known as Sud-Chemie) and licensed exclusively to CB&I Lummus Technology, Inc.. It is completely unrelated to the explosive pyrotol.

</doc>
<doc id="20410261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410261" title="Beto (Portuguese footballer born 1982)">
Beto (Portuguese footballer born 1982)

António Alberto Bastos Pimparel, aka Beto (born 1 May 1982), is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Sevilla FC in La Liga, as a goalkeeper.
Club career.
Beto was born in Lisbon. After unsuccessfully developing in local Sporting Clube de Portugal's youth system (he only played one season with the first team, being third-choice), he played one season on loan to neighbours Casa Pia AC, being released in June 2004.
After one season each with G.D. Chaves and F.C. Marco (second level), Beto joined Leixões S.C. for 2006–07, helping the Matosinhos outfit return to the top flight and only missing six games in his three seasons combined.
In March 2009, before 2008–09 ended, Beto agreed to a move to league powerhouse F.C. Porto, in a four-year deal worth €750.000 effective as of June. During his two-season spell he acted almost exclusively as backup to Brazilian Helton, being mostly restricted to domestic cup matches; on 22 May 2011, with the score at 2–2, he stopped a penalty kick in the Portuguese Cup final, with his team eventually winning 6–2 in Lisbon.
For 2011–12 Beto was loaned to CFR Cluj in Romania, only missing seven Liga I contests during the season for the eventual champions. Released by Porto he returned to his country in the following summer, signing for two years with S.C. Braga; however, late into the following transfer window, he moved to Sevilla FC as the Spaniards were looking to strengthen the position following the departure of Diego López to Real Madrid – the loan was until June with the possibility of a permanent transfer afterwards.
Profitting from injury to Andrés Palop, Beto made his debut with the Andalusians one day after arriving, starting in a 1–2 away loss against Atlético Madrid for the season's Copa del Rey semifinals' first leg, with his team playing the last eight minutes with only nine players. His first La Liga match came on 3 February 2013, in a 2–1 home win over Rayo Vallecano.
International career.
Beto made his debut for Portugal on 10 June 2009, in a 0–0 friendly match in Estonia.
After finishing 2009–10 in Porto's starting XI, he was named by manager Carlos Queiroz in a provisional 24-player list for the 2010 FIFA World Cup, making the final cut for the finals in South Africa, where he did not leave the bench.

</doc>
<doc id="20410264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410264" title="Mauro Staccioli">
Mauro Staccioli

Mauro Staccioli (Volterra, 1937) is an Italian sculptor.
Career.
After the studies at the Art Institute in Volterra, Staccioli starts teaching and in 1968 arrive in Milan at the Academy of Fine Arts of Brera.
At the end of sixties Staccioli decides to dedicate himself to sculpture. His idea of an art which have to meet people where people live leads him to ideate sculptures for urban places. His sculptures are “marks”, traces of a passage; he wants to affect people who walk usually in a place and prompt to feel that place in a different way. His sculptures are always in a strong relationship with the place where he works.
Since the beginning of the Seventy he choses urban environment and, with sculpture, he tries to give answers to social questions. His linguistic choice is characterized by the coherence, the essential shapes and by the perfect adherence to the setting where he realize his “sculpture-intervention”. He proceeds in a very rigorous way, studying the history and characteristiques of the places where he is called to work. With his sculptures he marks the place, transforming the usual perception of the people who get across it.
Interventions.
Among all his permanent installations: Villa Celle in Santomato of Pistoia (1982); Olympic Park Seul (1988); Djerassi Foundation in Woodside (1987–1991); Museum of Contemporary Art of Seul Kwachon (1990); Museum of Contemporary Art of San Diego (1996); Ordino d’Arcalis in Andorra (1991); Munich (1996); Parc Tournay-Solvay in Brussels (1996); Villa Glori in Roma (1997); Schuman roundabout in Brussels (1998); Lapiz building in La Jolla (2003); Chiaopanshan International Sculpture Park in Taiwan (2003); University of Puerto Rico Arecibo (2004); Carrazeda de Ansiães in Portugal (2008); Centre Val St Quentin in Voisins-le-Bretonneux (2008).

</doc>
<doc id="20410265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410265" title="Jeranovo">
Jeranovo

Jeranovo is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20410340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410340" title="Astragalus tricarinatus">
Astragalus tricarinatus

Astragalus tricarinatus is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name triplerib milkvetch, or triple-ribbed milkvetch. 
It is endemic to California, where it can be found in the region where the San Bernardino Mountains meet the Mojave Desert and the Colorado Desert. It grows in desert scrub and expanses of rock litter amongst stands of Joshua trees. The plant is known from only one location and there were twenty individuals remaining there in 1998, when it was federally listed as an endangered species.
Description.
This is a perennial herb growing in clumps up to about 25 centimeters tall. The leaves are up to 20 centimeters long and made up of several silvery-green hairy leaflets. The inflorescence holds 5 to 15 cream-colored flowers each about 2 centimeters in length. 
The fruit is a flat legume pod up to about 4 centimeters long. The pod is curved and has three distinct ribs.

</doc>
<doc id="20410343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410343" title="Addis Zemen (newspaper)">
Addis Zemen (newspaper)

Addis Zemen is an Ethiopian Amharic newspaper, published by the federal government. It is based in Addis Ababa.

</doc>
<doc id="20410356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410356" title="Aleksandr Chikhradze">
Aleksandr Chikhradze

Aleksandr Lvovich Chikhradze (, born August 17, 1975) is a Russian football goalkeeper of Georgian origin, who last played for FC Gazovik Orenburg. 
He was born in Nalchik, and spent much of his career at PFC Spartak Nalchik.

</doc>
<doc id="20410365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410365" title="Ferdinand-Sigismond Delamonce">
Ferdinand-Sigismond Delamonce

Ferdinand-Sigismond Delamonce (1678, Munich - 1753, Lyon) was an architect of French ancestry born in Germany to the architect Jean Delamonce. 
He worked with his father until the latter's death in 1708 and then worked alone in Italy (1715–28) before arriving in Lyon in 1731. There he headed works on the Carthusian monastery in the city (1733–37).

</doc>
<doc id="20410366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410366" title="Banns, Cornwall">
Banns, Cornwall

Banns is a hamlet in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom situated between Mount Hawke and Porthtowan at in the civil parish of St Agnes. The South West Coast Path is to the west of the hamlet. 
Description.
There are three principal features that define the Banns area: the vale or hollow, a mine and a farm, named Banns Farm. Cottages at Bannsvale Farm in Prince Royal Meadows are holiday rentals.
In 1880, there was also a place named Lower Banns near Banns in St Agnes. It was a 13 acre property owned by Francis Harris in 1873.
The Banns area includes a meadow named Prince Royal Meadows.
Mining.
Banns, which means hollow, is inland from Porthtowan and is surrounded by mines, such as Wheal Coates and Tywarnhayle Mine. There was a small abandoned copper mine named Wheal Banns. 
The mine was also called the Prince Royal Mine. The mining area was described in 1828 as follows: "Crossing Prince's Common, a most desolate scene meets the eye; the surface is covered with small fragments of red decomposing slate, largely intermixed with pieces of quartz; the uniformity of this desert (which extends for many miles to the right and left) is only broken by the numerous heaps of rubbish, the remains of former mining operations. The fragments of rocks, thus exposed are of a bright red; and are derived from a slate similar to that which succeeds the felspar-rocks north of Cardrew."
By 1843 there was £10,000 invested in the mine improvements with a new company. In 1877 Prince Royal Mine, a tin mine, was owned by L. Walsad and a person with the surname of Duignan. It was located in Scorrier, St Agnes. 
In 1881 the mine, now called Wheal Banns, produced and sold a little bit more than a ton of tin, which required a payment of dues to the Duke of Cornwall. 

</doc>
<doc id="20410367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410367" title="Elsbeth Tronstad">
Elsbeth Tronstad

Elsbeth Tronstad (born 1956) is a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party.
She is currently the director of communication SN Power. From 2005 to 2009 she was the executive director for communication in the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise. She has worked in the Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation, Det Norske Veritas and ABB.
As a politician she served as private secretary (today known as political advisor) in the Office of the Prime Minister from 1989 to 1990, in Syse's Cabinet. From 2001 to 2002, under the second cabinet Bondevik, she was a State Secretary in Bondevik's Second Cabinet. She is also a former member of Bærum municipal council.
Tronstad is the deputy chair of the board of directors of Vinmonopolet and the Norwegian Institute of International Affairs, is a member of the board of the DnB NOR Savings Bank Foundation and a former board member of Sparebanken NOR in Eastern Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="20410405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410405" title="Charles Ritchie (businessman)">
Charles Ritchie (businessman)

Charles Buchan Ritchie, born on 22 October 1947, is a Scottish businessman. He and was brought up in St Combs, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
He was educated at St Combs primary school, then at Fraserburgh Academy where he left school at 15 with no formal qualifications.
Charles served a 5 year apprenticeship at the Consolidated Pneumatic Tool Company in Fraserburgh, while attending Banff and Buchan College of Further Education, and Robert Gordon's institute in Aberdeen.
In 1982, Charles Ritchie formed the Score Group plc, whose head office is in Peterhead, Scotland.
"It's A Newton" has also been published by Mr Ritchie to portray his views on the concept of force.

</doc>
<doc id="20410440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410440" title="James M. Tuttle">
James M. Tuttle

James Madison Tuttle (September 24, 1823 – October 24, 1892) was a soldier, businessman, and politician from the state of Iowa who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He commanded a brigade and then a division in the Army of the Tennessee in several campaigns in the Western Theater of operations. He led the first Union troops that entered the enemy-held Fort Donelson in 1862, paving the way for the fort's subsequent surrender to Ulysses S. Grant and opening the Cumberland River as an avenue of invasion of the South.
Early life and career.
James M. Tuttle was born near Summerfield, Ohio, in rural Noble County (then Monroe County) to James and Esther (Crow) Tuttle. When he was ten years old, Tuttle's family moved to Indiana, where his father, a Maine-born farmer who kept migrating westward, finally settled in Fayette County. Young Tuttle was educated in the common schools of Ohio and Indiana.
In the spring of 1846 the 23-year-old Tuttle moved to Farmington, Iowa, where he engaged both in agricultural and mercantile pursuits. He briefly returned to Fayette County, Indiana, in the fall of 1847, where he married Elizabeth Conner on September 22. They established a household in Farmington. However, Elizabeth Tuttle died on their fourth wedding anniversary. On August 17, 1853, Tuttle married Ohio-born Laura M. Meek in Farmington; they would have five children together.
Tuttle entered local politics as a Democrat, and was elected in 1855 as the sheriff of Van Buren County, serving two years. In the autumn of 1857, he was elected as the County Treasurer and Recorder, serving a pair of 2-year terms.
Civil War service.
Following the outbreak of the war in April 1861, Tuttle raised a company of volunteers and was elected as its captain. He and his men traveled to Keokuk, where they were assigned to the 2nd Iowa Infantry, the first three-years regiment organized in Iowa. The regiment soon elected Tuttle as its lieutenant colonel, and the regiment was mustered formally into Federal service on May 27. The 2nd Iowa was assigned to duty under General Grant, who promoted Tuttle to colonel on September 6 of that year.
At the February 1862 Battle of Fort Donelson in Tennessee, he led his regiment in a successful charge into the Confederate earthworks. Tuttle's men planted the first Union flag inside Fort Donelson. Despite a minor wound, Tuttle stayed in command throughout the assault. At the Battle of Shiloh in April, Tuttle commanded a brigade in Maj. Gen. W. H. L. Wallace's division, composed of the 2nd, 7th, 8th, 12th and 14th Iowa Infantry, as well as an artillery battery. After Wallace was mortally wounded and the other ranking officers also fell, Tuttle temporarily assumed command of the division and led the 2nd Division troops in fighting around the "Hornet's Nest," where he barely escaped capture. In recognition for his gallantry in action at Fort Donelson and Shiloh, he was promoted to brigadier general on June 9, 1862. BG Thomas A. Davies took command of the division during the Siege of Corinth, and Tuttle returned to brigade command.
During the fall and winter of 1862, General Tuttle commanded the Union garrison at the vital supply town of Cairo, Illinois. In the spring of 1863, he was assigned leadership of a division in Maj. Gen. William T. Sherman's XV Corps. On May 6, 1863, rowdies from Tuttle's division, headed toward Vicksburg, burned most of the mansions which fronted the oxbow lake, Lake St. Joseph near Newellton in Tensas Parish, Louisiana, including the most stately of the antebellum mansions in the area, Franklin Plantation, owned by the physician Allen T. Bowie. Tuttle went on to participate that summer in the Vicksburg Campaign and thereafter the capture of Jackson, Mississippi, where he again distinguished himself in action and parlayed his growing name recognition into a run for Governor of Iowa as a Democrat. However, in the autumn elections, Tuttle was soundly defeated by Republican William M. Stone, another veteran of Shiloh.
In 1864, while commanding the forces around Natchez, Mississippi, Tuttle ordered the Roman Catholic Bishop of Natchez, William Henry Elder, to have certain prayers for the President of the United States recited publicly in the churches of his diocese. Elder refused, and petitioned President Abraham Lincoln for relief from the order. Through the efforts of U.S. Senator Francis Kernan, Elder was granted the freedom to practice his religion without obeying Tuttle's directive.
In September 1864, Tuttle resigned his commission and returned to civilian life in Iowa.
Postbellum career.
After the war, Tuttle settled in Des Moines, Iowa, where he was engaged in various mining and manufacturing interests, including partnerships in mines in Colorado, Arizona, and New Mexico. Among his many business interestes was Tuttle Brothers, a pork packing operation he owned with his brother Martin. 
In 1866 he was the Democratic candidate for the U.S. Congress, but was beaten by former general Grenville M. Dodge in the general election. In 1871 he was elected to the Iowa House of Representatives and served one term. He served as the state commander of the Grand Army of the Republic for the Department of Iowa.
In 1883, Tuttle switched political parties and was easily elected to another term in the Iowa Legislature as a Republican. Three years later, he was named as the president of the board of directors for the Iowa Soldiers Home.

</doc>
<doc id="20410446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410446" title="Nick Davis Productions">
Nick Davis Productions

Nick Davis Productions (NDP) was founded by writer, filmmaker, and television producer Nick Davis in 2001. The company’s first project was a Bravo Profile of actor Gene Wilder, followed closely by A&E’s “New York at the Movies”, hosted by Meryl Streep.
NDP went on to make the Hugo Award winning series, "Stories of the Innocence Project", which explored the role of DNA testing in exonerating the wrongfully imprisoned. "Stories of the Innocence Project" aired on Court TV from 2004-2006. NDP, also for Court TV, produced "The Chief”, a one hour special about a detective from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania who comes to Shawnee, Oklahoma to run their police department and shake up the sleepy Midwestern town. “The Chief” aired on Court TV in 2006.
More recent projects include "MAKING NEWS", a 13 part verite series which recently completed its second season on the TV Guide Network, and "Bobby G: Adventure Capitalist", an 8 episode series currently airing on MOJO.
NDP recently completed a feature length documentary about Team Slipstream, a cycling team devoted to cleaning up its scandal ridden sport, which will air on the Sundance Channel in 2009. Plans for 2009 also include a new show for the Science Channel and a pilot for The Learning Channel.
The company has recently branched out into video marketing films for a variety of successful corporations and not for profits. Visit www.nickdavisproductions.com for more information.
NDP is run by Nick Davis with the help of various assistants and interns. They have offices and post-production facilities in downtown New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="20410459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410459" title="Torkel Wetterhus">
Torkel Wetterhus

Torkel Wetterhus (born 1944) is a Norwegian businessperson and politician.
A forester by education, he works as a farmer. He has been chairman of the board of Sparebanken NOR in Buskerud and of Norske Skog, and a member of the board of the DnB NOR Savings Bank Foundation, Sparebanken NOR nationwide, Gjensidige NOR, the Norwegian Agrarian Association and the Norwegian Forest Owners Association.
As a politician he is a former deputy mayor of Nore og Uvdal municipality and member of Buskerud county council. He was a member of the Conservative Party from 1971, but left the party in 2004. He later joined the Centre Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20410470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410470" title="Astragalus umbraticus">
Astragalus umbraticus

Astragalus umbraticus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Bald Mountain milkvetch. 
It is native to western Oregon and northwestern California, where it grows in the woodlands of the coastal Klamath Mountains, Outer Northern California Coast Ranges, and Oregon Coast Ranges. 
Description.
"Astragalus umbraticus" is an erect, branching perennial herb growing up to 50 centimeters tall. The leaves are up to 12 centimeters long and made up of many oblong or rounded leaflets. 
The inflorescence is an array of 10 to 25 greenish white flowers. The fruit is a curving legume pod drying to a thick, papery texture and black color.

</doc>
<doc id="20410497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410497" title="Juan Nicasio Guerra">
Juan Nicasio Guerra

Juan Nicasio Guerra Ochoa (born in Sinaloa, 26 November 1954) is a Mexican politician, affiliated to the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD). 
Juan N. Guerra's first degree is in law, and he also holds a master's and a doctorate in psychotherapy. 
He was a member of the Liga comunista 23 de septiembre, the Patriotic and Revolutionary Party, the Unified Socialist Party of Mexico, and the Mexican Socialist Party prior to being one of the founding members of the PRD upon its creation in 1989.
Within the PRD he has served as the Party State President in Sinaloa (1993–94), Secretary for Electoral Affairs of the National Executive Committee (2002–04), and the party's representative to the Federal Electoral Institute (2004–05). 
In 1997, Head of Government of the Federal District Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Solórzano appointed him Director of Legal and Government Affairs in his cabinet. In 1998 he served as the borough mayor of Milpa Alta.
Guerra Ochoa has served three terms as a federal deputy: he was elected from the PRD's party list to the 54th Congress (1988–91) and to the 56th Congress (1994–97), and for the 60th Congress (2006–09) he was elected to represent the Federal District's Seventh District.
At the start of the 2006–09 Congressional session, Guerra was mentioned as a possible leader of the PRD group in the Chamber of Deputies, but the position went to Javier González Garza.

</doc>
<doc id="20410502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410502" title="Synnøve Tronsvang">
Synnøve Tronsvang

Synnøve Tronsvang (born 22 June 1943) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Hedmark during the term 1981–1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20410504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410504" title="Société Royale Belge de Géographie">
Société Royale Belge de Géographie

The Société Royale Belge de Géographie (In English, the "Royal Belgian Geographical Society") or SRBG, is a Belgian learned society which works to promote geographical sciences. It was founded on 27 August 1876 as the Belgian Society of Geography a few days before the opening of the Brussels Geographic Conference to promote the exploration of various parts of the world. It was initially involved with commercial investment in Belgian colonies. In 1882 King Leopold II authorised the society to use the prefix "Royal". Although it was later funded privately Adrien de Gerlache first unveiled his plans for the Belgian Antarctic Expedition to the society in 1894.
In 1900 the society had more than one thousand members including several explorers such as the American, Richard Mohun. By the middle of the twentieth century the society had changed its objectives from exploration to scientific research and study. The SRBG represents Belgium in the European Society of Geography and publishes the "Belgian Journal of Geography", now branded as "BELGEO". The SRBG awards a gold medal to noted geographers and explorers.

</doc>
<doc id="20410540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410540" title="Saturn V (disambiguation)">
Saturn V (disambiguation)

The Saturn V is a type of multi-stage rocket used in the "Apollo" moon missions.
Saturn V can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20410604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410604" title="El Maitén">
El Maitén

El Maitén is a town in Argentina in Cushamen Department on the margins of the Chubut River, on the northwest of Chubut Province, in Patagonia. In older times it was the intermediate point in the railroad tracks of the Old Patagonian Express between the towns of Ingeniero Jacobacci and Esquel.
Location.
The town is located south of the 42 parallel (inter-province border between the provinces of Río Negro and Chubut), at AMSL. Ex-Provincial route 40 runs through it on a north–south direction, which connects to the city of Esquel south.
Other connecting routes to El Maitén are National Route 243 towards El Bolsón and Bariloche in Río Negro Province, and Provincial routes RP 4 and RP 71, connecting to Cushamen and Epuyén respectively.
El Maitén lies south of Ñorquincó, east of El Bolsón, and northwest of Cushamen, and northeast of Epuyén.
Geography and climate.
The town of El Maitén lies on the right margin of the Chubut River. The river's valley is of Glacial origin, and in this region it runs in a North-South direction on the first highlands of the Andes on the West, and the ancient formations of the Patagonia to the East. The topography is mountainous, but of lower elevations, always under .
This geographic region is a clear example of the transition between the humid wooded Andes areas to the West, and the classic more arid steppes of central Patagonia. Typical native trees of the area are the Austrocedrus chilensis, Coihue "(Nothofagus dombeyi)", Ñire "(Nothofagus antarctica)", and over 2,000 meters AMSL the Lenga "(Nothofagus pumilio)".
The climate is semi-steppe, with humid winters with occasional strong snows and an annual precipitation between, .
History and economy.
What started as a rural community was influenced greatly by the arrival of the General Roca railroad to the area in 1939, on a branch that continued to Esquel. This branch was completed and opened in 1945, and El Maitén was selected as the site of its maintenance sheds and locomotive warehouse. This changed the town towards a railroad-based economy until the 1970s, when the Argentine railroad industry started a steady decline.

</doc>
<doc id="20410615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410615" title="Wyoming Highway 256">
Wyoming Highway 256

Wyoming Highway 256 is a state road in Evansville, Wyoming, just east of Casper known as "Cole Creek Road". 
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 256 begins its south end at an intersection with US 20/US 26/US 87 (Glenrock Highway) and the northern terminus of WY 253 in Evansville. The roadway that continues south of US 20/US 26/US 87 is Wyoming Highway 253 (Hat Six Road). Highway 256 travels north for northeast towards the mining areas north of the Ednass Kimball Wilkins State Park which is located on US 20/US 26/US 87. The designation of WYO 256 ends and the roadway continues as Natrona CR 701 (Cole Creek Road).

</doc>
<doc id="20410638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410638" title="Astragalus webberi">
Astragalus webberi

Astragalus webberi is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Webber's milkvetch. It is endemic to the coniferous forests in the Sierra Nevada, in Plumas County, eastern California. 
Description.
"Astragalus webberi" is a spreading perennial herb with stems up to 50 centimeters long, and part of the stem growing underground. The leaves are up to 15 centimeters long and made up of many oval-shaped leaflets. The inflorescence bears 6 to 14 cream colored flowers, each between one and two centimeters long. The fruit is a leathery legume pod 2 to 3.5 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20410675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410675" title="Maximum spacing estimation">
Maximum spacing estimation

In statistics, maximum spacing estimation (MSE or MSP), or maximum product of spacing estimation (MPS), is a method for estimating the parameters of a univariate statistical model. The method requires maximization of the geometric mean of "spacings" in the data, which are the differences between the values of the cumulative distribution function at neighbouring data points.
The concept underlying the method is based on the probability integral transform, in that a set of independent random samples derived from any random variable should on average be uniformly distributed with respect to the cumulative distribution function of the random variable. The MPS method chooses the parameter values that make the observed data as uniform as possible, according to a specific quantitative measure of uniformity.
One of the most common methods for estimating the parameters of a distribution from data, the method of maximum likelihood (MLE), can break down in various cases, such as involving certain mixtures of continuous distributions. In these cases the method of maximum spacing estimation may be successful.
Apart from its use in pure mathematics and statistics, the trial applications of the method have been reported using data from fields such as hydrology, econometrics, and others.
History and usage.
The MSE method was derived independently by Russel Cheng and Nik Amin at the University of Wales Institute of Science and Technology, and Bo Ranneby at the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences. The authors explained that due to the probability integral transform at the true parameter, the “spacing” between each observation should be uniformly distributed. This would imply that the difference between the values of the cumulative distribution function at consecutive observations should be equal. This is the case that maximizes the geometric mean of such spacings, so solving for the parameters that maximize the geometric mean would achieve the “best” fit as defined this way. justified the method by demonstrating that it is an estimator of the Kullback–Leibler divergence, similar to maximum likelihood estimation, but with more robust properties for various classes of problems.
There are certain distributions, especially those with three or more parameters, whose likelihoods may become infinite along certain paths in the parameter space. Using maximum likelihood to estimate these parameters often breaks down, with one parameter tending to the specific value that causes the likelihood to be infinite, rendering the other parameters inconsistent. The method of maximum spacings, however, being dependent on the difference between points on the cumulative distribution function and not individual likelihood points, does not have this issue, and will return valid results over a much wider array of distributions.
The distributions that tend to have likelihood issues are often those used to model physical phenomena. seek to analyze flood alleviation methods, which requires accurate models of river flood effects. The distributions that better model these effects are all three-parameter models, which suffer from the infinite likelihood issue described above, leading to Hall’s investigation of the maximum spacing procedure. , when comparing the method to maximum likelihood, use various data sets ranging from a set on the oldest ages at death in Sweden between 1905 and 1958 to a set containing annual maximum wind speeds.
Definition.
Given an iid random sample {"x"1, …, "x""n"} of size "n" from a univariate distribution with the cumulative distribution function "F"("x";"θ"0), where "θ"0 ∈ Θ is an unknown parameter to be estimated, let {"x"(1), …, "x"("n")} be the corresponding ordered sample, that is the result of sorting of all observations from smallest to largest. For convenience also denote "x"(0) = −∞ and "x"("n"+1) = +∞.
Define the "spacings" as the “gaps” between the values of the distribution function at adjacent ordered points: Pyke (1965) starts with “review of previous results known about spacings”, which implies that he hasn't invented them. In fact the first work about the spacings he mentions is “Whitworth (1887)”, although no actual reference was given.</ref>
Then the maximum spacing estimator of "θ"0 is defined as a value that maximizes the logarithm of the geometric mean of sample spacings:
By the inequality of arithmetic and geometric means, function "S""n"("θ") is bounded from above by −ln("n"+1), and thus the maximum has to exist at least in the supremum sense.
Note that some authors define the function "S""n"("θ") somewhat differently. In particular, multiplies each "D""i" by a factor of ("n"+1), whereas omit the factor in front of the sum and add the “−” sign in order to turn the maximization into minimization. As these are constants with respect to "θ", the modifications do not alter the location of the maximum of the function "S""n".
Examples.
This section presents two examples of calculating the maximum spacing estimator.
Example 1.
Suppose two values "x"(1) = 2, "x"(2) = 4 were sampled from the exponential distribution "F"("x";"λ") = 1 − e−"xλ", "x" ≥ 0 with unknown parameter "λ" > 0. In order to construct the MSE we have to first find the spacings:
The process continues by finding the "λ" that maximizes the geometric mean of the “difference” column. Using the convention that ignores taking the ("n"+1)st root, this turns into the maximization of the following product: (1 − e−2"λ") · (e−2"λ" − e−4"λ") · (e−4"λ"). Letting "μ" = e−2"λ", the problem becomes finding the maximum of "μ"5−2"μ"4+"μ"3. Differentiating, the "μ" has to satisfy 5"μ"4−8"μ"3+3"μ"2 = 0. This equation has roots 0, 0.6, and 1. As "μ" is actually e−2"λ", it has to be greater than zero but less than one. Therefore, the only acceptable solution is
which corresponds to an exponential distribution with a mean of  ≈ 3.915. For comparison, the maximum likelihood estimate of λ is the inverse of the sample mean, 3, so "λ"MLE = ⅓ ≈ 0.333.
Example 2.
Suppose {"x"(1), …, "x"("n")} is the ordered sample from a uniform distribution "U"("a","b") with unknown endpoints "a" and "b". The cumulative distribution function is "F"("x";"a","b") = ("x"−"a")/("b"−"a") when "x"∈["a","b"]. Therefore individual spacings are given by
Calculating the geometric mean and then taking the logarithm, statistic "S""n" will be equal to
Here only the first three terms depend on the parameters "a" and "b". Differentiating with respect to those parameters and solving the resulting linear system, the maximum spacing estimates will be
These are known to be the uniformly minimum variance unbiased (UMVU) estimators for the continuous uniform distribution. In comparison, the maximum likelihood estimates for this problem formula_7 and formula_8 are biased and have higher mean-squared error.
Properties.
Consistency and efficiency.
The maximum spacing estimator is a consistent estimator in that it converges in probability to the true value of the parameter, "θ"0, as the sample size increases to infinity. The consistency of maximum spacing estimation holds under much more general conditions than for maximum likelihood estimators. In particular, in cases where the underlying distribution is J-shaped, maximum likelihood will fail where MSE succeeds. An example of a J-shaped density is the Weibull distribution, specifically a shifted Weibull, with a shape parameter less than 1. The density will tend to infinity as "x" approaches the location parameter rendering estimates of the other parameters inconsistent.
Maximum spacing estimators are also at least as asymptotically efficient as maximum likelihood estimators, where the latter exist. However, MSEs may exist in cases where MLEs do not.
Sensitivity.
Maximum spacing estimators are sensitive to closely spaced observations, and especially ties. Given
we get
When the ties are due to multiple observations, the repeated spacings (those that would otherwise be zero) should be replaced by the corresponding likelihood. That is, one should substitute formula_11 for formula_12, as
since formula_14.
When ties are due to rounding error, suggest another method to remove the effects.
Given "r" tied observations from "x""i" to "x""i+r"−1, let "δ" represent the round-off error. All of the true values should then fall in the range formula_15. The corresponding points on the distribution should now fall between formula_16 and formula_17. Cheng and Stephens suggest assuming that the rounded values are uniformly spaced in this interval, by defining
The MSE method is also sensitive to secondary clustering. One example of this phenomenon is when a set of observations is thought to come from a single normal distribution, but in fact comes from a mixture normals with different means. A second example is when the data is thought to come from an exponential distribution, but actually comes from a gamma distribution. In the latter case, smaller spacings may occur in the lower tail. A high value of "M"("θ") would indicate this secondary clustering effect, and suggesting a closer look at the data is required.
Goodness of fit.
The statistic "Sn"("θ") is also a form of Moran or Moran-Darling statistic, "M"("θ"), which can be used to test goodness of fit.
It has been shown that the statistic, when defined as
is asymptotically normal, and that a chi-squared approximation exists for small samples. In the case where we know the true parameter formula_20, show that the statistic formula_21 has a normal distribution with
where "γ" is the Euler–Mascheroni constant which is approximately 0.57722.
The distribution can also be approximated by that of formula_23, where
in which
and where formula_26 follows a chi-squared distribution with formula_27 degrees of freedom. Therefore, to test the hypothesis formula_28 that a random sample of formula_27 values comes from the distribution formula_30, the statistic formula_31 can be calculated. Then formula_28 should be rejected with significance formula_33 if the value is greater than the critical value of the appropriate chi-squared distribution.
Where "θ"0 is being estimated by formula_34, showed that formula_35 has the same asymptotic mean and variance as in the known case. However, the test statistic to be used requires the addition of a bias correction term and is:
where formula_37 is the number of parameters in the estimate.

</doc>
<doc id="20410704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410704" title="Arshak Vramian">
Arshak Vramian

Arshak Vramian, (Arshag Vramian, Onnik Derdzakian) (1871 – 4 April 1915) an Armenian and a representative of the Central Committee of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation, part of Armenian Revolutionary Movement. He was a leading member during Armenian congress at Erzurum. He was a member of the Ottoman parliament elected from Van Province, Ottoman Empire. He was killed just before the Siege of Van.

</doc>
<doc id="20410709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410709" title="West End Collegiate Church">
West End Collegiate Church

The West End Collegiate Church is a church on West End Avenue at 77th Street on Manhattan's Upper West Side. It is part of The Collegiate Reformed Protestant Dutch Church in the City of New York, the oldest Protestant church with a continuing organization in America. The West End Collegiate Church and Collegiate School, which includes the adjacent Collegiate School is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
History.
West End Collegiate was built as part of the rapid development of the Upper West Side in the late nineteenth century from country estates to an urban neighborhood of town houses and, later, apartment buildings. On October 16, 1890, the Consistory of the Collegiate Church instructed the "Committee on a new church site west of Central Park" to price several plots of land of a minimum size of seven lots. The Committee purchased four lots on West End Avenue and three lots on 77th Street for $89,000. A building committee was formed and construction began in 1891. The building was completed in the fall of 1892 and dedicated on November 20, 1892. On November 19, 1892, The Reverend Henry Evertson Cobb of West Troy, New York was called to become the first minister of the Church.
During World War II the church was a center for the Dutch refugee and relief effort; Princess Juliana of the Netherlands visited twice during the war.
The church and collegiate school buildings together were designated a New York City Landmark in 1967 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Architecture.
The church was designed by McKim Mead & White in Dutch Colonial style, a subset of the Renaissance revival style. Many buildings on West End Avenue and the upper West Side were being built in this style at that time. 
Architect Robert W. Gibson designed the church following the design of the 1606 Vleeshal in Haarlem, the Netherlands. This building has the picturesque qualities of the Gothic, highly valued in the late nineteenth century and deemed especially appropriate to church architecture. Authenticity is enhanced by the choice of long, thin, brown bricks laid in Roman pattern, and by the generous use of quoins and blockings of buff terra cotta. The architect further enhanced the antique effect by inserting several handsome, terra cotta panels carved with the coats-of-arms of the church and of past benefactors. The large, octagonal pulpit is carved from oak. Its panels show the coat-of-arms of the Dutch Reformed Church and the great seal of the Church. The pulpit chairs are carved of oak in Old Dutch style. The stained glass windows were donated and created over the course of several decades; three are by Tiffany studios.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20410720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410720" title="D.M.G. Grupo Holding S.A.">
D.M.G. Grupo Holding S.A.

D.M.G. Grupo Holding S.A better known by its acronym DMG is a controversial Colombian company, intervened and disbanded since November the 18th 2008 by the Colombian government, under the suspicion of money laundering and illegal money catchment by using the Ponzi scheme.
The way it worked.
Unlike the pyramid scheme, people in DMG could buy a prepaid card from 100000 Colombian pesos, which could be used to buy a wide range of articles and services offered by DMG subsidiaries. These products and services were all provided by DMG subsidiaries and they ranged from food and home appliances to cosmetic surgeries . 5 to 7 months after purchasing the prepaid card, investors had the right to receive 75% to 150% of the money they invested in cash, according to the amount of money invested and how many new clients they had introduced to the company. According to the owner and president of DMG, David Murcia Guzman, this business is supported by the constant flow of money for selling new prepaid cards, and also by the profitability of the subsidiaries companies.
History.
This controversial company is rooted in southern Colombia Department of Putumayo, where David Murcia implanted the basis of his business taking advantage of people's greed, as the population of this department used to get income by the production of cocaine, and other drugs supported by the Colombian guerrilla FARC. Once president Álvaro Uribe took care of the problem and he started a Coca eradication plan in 2002, the population saw in the Murcia's business (in 2003) a way to get easy money and support their previous lifestyle provided by the drug money. The success in Putumayo lead Murcia to spread his business first in the Southwest of Colombia and then in the central zone of the country where the Colombian capital Bogotá is located. Murcia moved his company headquarters to Bogotá in a mall named Outlet, located on Autopista Norte and 198th Street on the north of the city, where hundreds of people used to go to acquire the prepaid cards and buy goods with the cards. David Murcia decided to back his company with a bunch of small companies, so he called his company D.M.G. Grupo Holding S.A, instead of the original DMG S.A. It is estimated that David Murcia and his bunch of new companies caught about One Billion Dollars, most of them lost in the Caribbean tax havens.
David Murcia used the revenue to expand his business to Venezuela, Ecuador, and Panama where his businesses were also disbanded by the local authorities. In Panama where Murcia used to live in 2008, it was reported that he lived a life of luxury and excesses owning lots of luxury cars and yachts.
The scheme was based upon a Ponzi Pyramid; and it is alleged that drug money laundering was also involved.
In March 2009, Murcia made declarations through an interview made by a journalist from La Prensa (Panamanian newspaper of most circulation) about his "investments" (donations) to Democratic Revolutionary Party candidates Balbina Herrera and Roberto Velasquez (candidates for president and mayor of Panama, respectively) for their campaigns. He mentions in the interview that he gave the candidates $6 million ($3M each) in exchange for his protection by Panamanian authorities. For the Panamanian public the allegation of Murcia's bribes to politicians and government officials generated a great scandal and, even though corruption is perceived as common in Panamanian politics, investigations are being made to verify the facts mentioned by Murcia.

</doc>
<doc id="20410727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410727" title="International and Comparative Law Quarterly">
International and Comparative Law Quarterly

The International and Comparative Law Quarterly (; ) is a law review published quarterly by the British Institute of International and Comparative Law. It was established in 1952 and covers comparative law as well as public and private international law, including human rights, war crimes, and genocide, World Trade Organization law and investment treaty arbitration, recent developments of international courts and tribunals, as well as comparative public and private law all over the world. In addition to longer articles, the journal publishes book reviews. The editors in chief are Catherine Redgwell (University College London) and Robert McCorquodale (British Institute of International and Comparative Law).
This journal is the result of the merger of the "Journal of Comparative Legislation and International Law" and "The International Law Quarterly".

</doc>
<doc id="20410743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410743" title="Cool English">
Cool English

Cool English is a monthly English-language educational magazine published in the Russian Federation by Eclectic Publishing Ltd. The magazine was launched in Russia in March 2004 initially as a partner project of Hot English magazine, Spain. "Cool English" aims to make learning English more fun and interesting through slang, humour and idioms. The magazine also comes with an audio CD and exercise pack. Sales are widespread throughout the Russian Federation, but are mainly concentrated in Moscow and St Petersburg.
History.
The founder and General Director of "Cool English", William Hackett-Jones, had the inspiration to produce a magazine that made learning English more fun and interesting for students, after finding that far too many teaching and learning resources were mundane and humourless. The magazine was therefore founded in March, 2004 in partnership with Hot English magazine, published in Spain, and was originally called "Hot English Magazine, Russia". The magazine changed its name to "Cool English" in December, 2005. To date, 47 issues have been released.
Nature of the magazine.
The magazine focuses on modern, spoken English in a fun and easy-to-learn format. Each magazine is accompanied by an audio CD so that readers can also listen to the articles, read by English native speakers, in different accents. Each edition of the magazine also comes with a free downloadable Exercise Pack, which allows readers and teachers to practice what they have been learning. "Cool English" has sections on slang, dialogues, humour, celebrities, idioms, business, film, travel and music.
Other editions.
"Cool English" has also produced special editions for the group of English First language schools, entitled "Cool English for EF". 

</doc>
<doc id="20410759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410759" title="1991 Island Games">
1991 Island Games

The 1991 Island Games were the fourth Island Games, and were held in Åland Islands, from June 23 to June 29, 1991.
Medal table.
Key:
Sports.
The sports chosen for the games were:

</doc>
<doc id="20410776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410776" title="450th Expeditionary Flying Training Squadron">
450th Expeditionary Flying Training Squadron

The 450th Expeditionary Flying Training Squadron (450 EFTS) is a provisional United States Air Force unit assigned to the 322d Air Expeditionary Group. In 2008 it was converted to an expeditionary unit on provisional status for activation by Air Combat Command any time after 28 October 2008. Its current status is undetermined.
The squadron most recently was assigned to the 323d Flying Training Wing based at Mather Air Force Base, California. It operated T-37 Tweet and T-43 Bobcat aircraft conducting flight training for members of the United States military and foreign allies. 
History.
Established as a B-26 Marauder medium bomber squadron in mid-1942; trained under Third Air Force in Florida. Deployed to European Theater of Operations (ETO), being assigned to VIII Bomber Command 3d Bombardment Wing in England. Engaged in attacks on enemy targets in France and the Low Countries; being reassigned to IX Bomber Command in 1943 with the establishment of Ninth Air Force in England. Also supported VIII Bomber Command strategic bombardment raids in Occupied Europe and Nazi Germany, attacking enemy airfields to disrupt interceptor attacks on heavy bomber formations and destroy enemy interceptor aircraft on the ground before they could be launched.
After D-Day deployed to Advanced Landing Grounds in France and later Belgium. Provided tactical air support and bombardment of enemy strong points and military targets to disrupt resistance to Allied ground forces advancing from the French invasion beaches and the ensuing offensives on the continent; 1944-1945. Attacked enemy forces as part of the Western Allied invasion of Germany, 1945 and continued offensive tactical operations in support of ground forces until German capitulation in May 1945.
Became part of the United States Air Forces in Europe army of occupation in Germany during 1945. Demobilized in place and personnel returned to the United States in the fall of 1945; squadron inactivated as a paper unit in December 1945.
Reactivated as a reserve air training command squadron; assigned and performed advanced flight training for air cadets, 1947-1949. Inactivated due to funding restrictions. Assigned to Tactical Air Command and reactivated in 1954 flying F-86 Sabres; later F-100 Super Sabres as a fighter-day squadron. Inactivated in 1957 due to funding restrictions. Reactivated in 1972 as an Air Training Command navigator training squadron. It conducted undergraduate navigator training for USAF, United States Navy, United States Marine Corps, and United States allies from, 1973-1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20410810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410810" title="Meth-">
Meth-

meth- is a prefix used in chemistry. It indicates that a chemical compound has been derived from methane or contains "methyl" groups. 
It serves as the number 1 when counting axial atoms in forming names of organic compounds.

</doc>
<doc id="20410821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410821" title="Jeff Balser">
Jeff Balser

Jeffrey R. Balser is the Vice Chancellor for Health Affairs and Dean of the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine. He is a 1990 graduate of the Vanderbilt MD/PhD program in pharmacology and subsequently completed residency training in anesthesiology and fellowship training in critical care medicine at Johns Hopkins.
Biography.
Balser graduated from Tulane University in 1984, where he majored in engineering, prior to attending Vanderbilt University School of Medicine. He joined the faculty at Johns Hopkins in 1995, initiating a basic research program aimed at the molecular pharmacology of cardiac arrhythmias. His clinical work has primarily involved the care of postoperative cardiac surgery patients in ICU settings. Balser moved to Vanderbilt in 1998, and served as Associate Dean for Physician Scientists. He established an intramural mentoring program for junior faculty physician scientists that has been a national model for centralized management of physician scientist career development, and is supported by the NIH. His research program has been aimed at the pharmacogenomics of cardiac arrhythmias. His studies in "Nature", "PNAS", and "Nature Structural and Molecular Biology" have established new paradigms for cardiac excitation-contraction coupling, and are yielding new targets for arrhythmia control.
In 2001, Balser was appointed the James Tayloe Gwathmey Professor and Chair of Anesthesiology, and was elected to the American Society for Clinical Investigation. Under his leadership, Vanderbilt anesthesiology scientific programs diversified to include NIH-funded programs in health services research and perioperative genomics, and the department advanced into the top 10 in NIH funding.
In 2001, Balser was appointed chair of the department of anesthesiology. Under his leadership, Vanderbilt anesthesiology clinical, educational, and scientific programs diversified and expanded, becoming a premier department nationally. In 2004 he became Associate Vice Chancellor for Research for the Vanderbilt Medical Center, overseeing in enterprise-wide strategy, infrastructure, and investments in research during an expansion period where Vanderbilt moved into the top 10 in NIH funding. In October 2008, he was named Associate Vice Chancellor for Health Affairs and Dean of the Vanderbilt School of Medicine. He has chaired the NIH Director's Pioneer Awards, is a member of American Society of Clinical Investigation and the Association of American Physicians, and was recently elected to the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences. In April 2009, Harry Jacobson announced his retirement as Vice Chancellor for Health Affairs, and Balser was named as his successor.
Research.
Dean Balser's research program has been aimed at the pharmacogenomics of cardiac arrhythmias. His studies in "Nature", "PNAS", and "Nature Structural and Molecular Biology" have established new paradigms for cardiac excitation-contraction coupling, and are yielding new targets for arrhythmia control.

</doc>
<doc id="20410845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410845" title="Sukumar Sen">
Sukumar Sen

Sukumar Sen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20410870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410870" title="Eth-">
Eth-

eth- is a chemical prefix. It was extracted from "ethyl". It serves as the number 2 when counting axial atoms in forming names of organic compounds.

</doc>
<doc id="20410878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410878" title="Prop-">
Prop-

prop- is a chemical prefix. It was extracted from "propionic acid". It serves as the number 3 when counting axial atoms in forming names of organic compounds.

</doc>
<doc id="20410884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410884" title="Furr">
Furr

Furr, released in 2008, is the fourth album by Blitzen Trapper. The album was listed at #13 on "Rolling Stone"'s 50 Best Albums of 2008, and the title track made #4 on "Rolling Stone"'s 100 Best Singles of 2008. Music videos were made for the album's two singles, "Furr" and "Black River Killer".
Track listing.
All songs written by Eric Earley.
Critical reception.
Critical response to the album was overwhelmingly favorable. "Rolling Stone" gave "Furr" four-out-of-five stars and called it "an engaging album full of rootsy beauty." "Billboard" found it to be "a perfect fall soundtrack rife with woodsy imagery." "Entertainment Weekly", in an article recommending what to exchange unwanted Christmas gifts for, said the album was "part harmony-laden tambourine jangle, part British Invasion guitar charm, and fully worth braving brutal return lines at the mall."

</doc>
<doc id="20410885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410885" title="Wilton power stations">
Wilton power stations

The Wilton power stations (or SembCorp power station) refers to a series of coal, oil, gas and biomass fired CHP power stations which provide electricity and heat for the Wilton International Complex, with excess electricity being sold to the National Grid. It is located on the Wilton site in Redcar and Cleveland, south of the town of Middlesbrough in North East England. The station has provided for the site since opening in 1952, when it was operated by ICI. The station is currently owned and operated by SembCorp Industries.
It comprises a variety of generating sets, with units of different ages and various fuels. The station is currently mainly coal and oil fired, but also has a CCGT unit. Wilton 10 was opened at the station in 2007, the UK's first ever large scale biomass only power station. The power station's total generating capacity across all of its units is 227 megawatts. There are plans to build another plant, Wilton 11, a waste to energy plant.
History.
Wilton Power Station has been generating electricity and providing steam to the plants on the Wilton International complex since March 1952. A secondary turbine commissioned at the station in November 1951 is still operating there today. For a long time the station was operated by Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI), but they sold the station to American company Enron in November 1998. In early 2002 Enron went bankrupt, and the station was sold to SembCorp.
The station has been approved as a "Good quality" combined heat and power plant under the Combined Heat and Power Quality Assurance registration scheme. This means that despite burning fossil fuels like coal and oil, the station is exempt from the Climate Change Levy, a tax which otherwise would have been put on the fuels supplied to the station and the electricity generated by it.
Specification.
Wilton Power Station is a 197 megawatt (MW) fossil fuel power station, which is currently in constant operation. Over the years, nine boilers have been in operation at the station. In the 1970s the station had a generating capacity of 300 MW and produced 1,200 tonnes of steam per hour. In this period the station was burning waste from the chemical site, byproducts such as: liquid petroleum gas, tars, waste lubricating oils, emulsion residues, waste from aromatic and olefin plants and hydrogen gas from the nylon plant. There are currently three generating sets in operation at the station, two of which are fired by coal, the other of which is a gas turbine fuelled by natural gas. Each of the two coal-fired generating sets are powered by a high pressure boiler, which are each capable of producing a continuous maximum rate of 280 tonnes per hour of steam, at 1700 psig. Each boiler is then connected to a 33 MW turbine generator. Intermediate pressure steam is then either diverted and fed to other plants in the complex, or sent to three secondary generating sets. After the secondary generating sets, low pressure steam can then be distributed to plants in the complex. Boiler Number 6, one of the coal boilers, was mothballed in 1997, however in 2001 it was refurbished and restored to operation. In 2002, one of the secondary turbines was replaced by a newer unit. In the same year, an automation project involving the boilers, turbines and ancillary equipment was completed.
Operations.
Coal is brought to the power station by rail to the Wilton rail delivery terminal and unloaded at the station using a merry-go-round system. The coal is provided by a small number of opencast mines in Northumberland.
Electricity is generated for the major plants on the Wilton complex at 11 kilovolts (kV) and distributed throughout the complex using one of the largest privately owned distribution systems in the world. This system is connected to the National Grid so that surplus electricity can be distributed using four National Grid owned transformers at 66 kV and 275 kV. On top of this, the station produces around 4,000,000 tonnes of steam per year for the plants on the complex.
In late 2003, plans to install a 40 MW gas turbine at the station were finally fulfilled, after they were put off because of then owner Enron's bankruptcy. The gas turbine installation was completed in 2004, and it replaced an oil-fired boiler at the station, resulting in reduced emissions from the station. However, the station has retained the flexibility to fire oil as a backup to coal and gas.
In October 2003, SembCorp applied to the Environment Agency for permission to burn 110,000 tonnes of cow fat (tallow) from the carcasses of animals slaughtered during the BSE Crisis of 1996. The tallow bought was a large portion of the 200,000 tonne stockpile stored on farms in Merseyside and near London. The tallow was brought to the station by road tanker from Merseyside. At the power station it was stored in a tanker, awaiting burning. Following consultation and a 10,000 tonne trial burn between March and May 2004, permission for the burning of the tallow was granted in August 2004. Following a £55 million boiler overhaul in 2005, the station began co-firing biomass.
Wilton 10.
SembCorp announced plans to build the UK's first wood-only burning power station in March 2005. The Wilton 10 Power Station (so called because it was the tenth boiler constructed at the Wilton Power Station) cost £30 million to construct and was built alongside the other Wilton Power Station units. It began generating electricity in September 2007, but was officially opened on 12 November 2007 by Energy Minister Malcolm Wicks. 400 people were employed in the station's construction and there are 15 permanent jobs at the station. The station burns 300,000 tonnes of a combination of sustainable wood, sawmill waste and otherwise unusable wood offcuts a year to produce 30 megawatts (MW) of electricity, as well as 10 MW of thermal energy in the form of steam, which is piped for use in the rest of the Wilton complex. It operates separately from the fossil fuel power station. 80,000 tonnes of waste wood is supplied to the station each year from neighbouring company UK Wood Recycling.
Wilton 11.
On 9 August 2010, Sembcorp announced they were teaming up with SITA UK to build a £200 million waste to energy plant alongside the current plants, known as Wilton 11. The plant would treat up to 400,000 tonnes of waste a year to generate 35 MW of electricity. The plant should be covered by previous planning permission for the Wilton site, and construction is expected to begin in 2012, following public consultation, in time for a 2015 completion date. Between 150 and 200 jobs would be created in construction, and around 50 permanent jobs created once the plant is completed. There is a possibility that the plant could be supplied with waste using the site's already existing rail link.

</doc>
<doc id="20410894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410894" title="But-">
But-

but- is a chemical prefix. It was extracted from "butyric acid". It serves as the number 4 when counting axial atoms in forming names of organic compounds. As an example, butane is an alkane with four carbons.

</doc>
<doc id="20410921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410921" title="Astrolepis">
Astrolepis

Astrolepis is a small genus of ferns in the family Pteridaceae. It was formed in 1992 from species previously placed in "Cheilanthes" and "Notholaena". The name is derived from the Greek words ἄστρον ("astron"), meaning "star," and λεπίς ("lepis"), meaning "scale," referring to the star-like scales on adaxial blade surfaces. Members of the genus are commonly known as star-scaled cloak ferns and are native to the Americas.

</doc>
<doc id="20410985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20410985" title="Changeling (soundtrack)">
Changeling (soundtrack)

Changeling is a soundtrack album released in 2008 based on the film of the same name. In common with all his films since "Mystic River" (2003), Clint Eastwood composed the music to the 2008 film "Changeling" himself. The score is jazz- and bebop-influenced, and mainly low-key, featuring lilting guitars and strings. The addition of brass instruments has its roots in film noir and plays to the film's setting in a city controlled by corrupt police. The theme shifts from piano to a full orchestra, and as the story develops the strings become more imposing, with increasing numbers of sustains and rises. Voices reminiscent of those in a horror film score are introduced during the film's flashback scenes to the child murders. Eastwood's bassist son, Kyle, played on the soundtrack. The score was released on CD in North America on November 4, 2008 through record label Varèse Sarabande.

</doc>
<doc id="20411014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411014" title="Moskovskaya Pravda">
Moskovskaya Pravda

Moskovskaya pravda (, "Moscow Truth", in the transliteration system used by the Library of Congress spelled "Moskovskaia pravda"), is a leading daily morning newspaper of Russia, and formerly of the Soviet Union. It was first published in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="20411065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411065" title="Shelby County State Bank">
Shelby County State Bank

Shelby County State Bank, based in Harlan, Iowa, was first organized as a state bank in 1880 under the name of the Shelby County Bank. BL Harding was the first bank President and the bank began with $50,000 in assets. Shelby County Bank was officially incorporated in 1894.
In 1906 the Shelby County Bank and First National Bank were consolidated under the name of Shelby County State Bank. In May 1911, H.P. Dowling presided as bank President and by 1913 the deposits of the bank had reached a total of $780,000.
In 1933 The Farmers and Merchants Savings Bank of Harlan merged with The Shelby County State Bank. For the convenience of its customers, a branch bank was established in Elk Horn, Iowa that same year. 
By the time H. Rand Petersen became SCSB President in 1957, SCSB had $5 million in assets. In 1972, Rand helped SCSB construct the first drive-in bank in Harlan located on the corner of 5th and Court St. In 1975, the SCSB main office changed locations from 1012 6th St. and built a new bank which joined the established Drive-in Bank at 508 Court St.
Within nine years SCSB merged with four other banks including Panama and Portsmouth in 1986, Irwin in 1992 and Shelby in 1995. In 1993 the bank converted the former ‘Lil Duffer restaurant into what’s now the Harlan West Branch on Highway 59.
Soon after the bank’s merger with the State Bank of Portsmouth, Jerry Lapke became President of SCSB. Roger Claypool assumed those same duties from 1996-2008 and current President, Kevin Campbell, took on the role in 2009. Today, SCSB has total assets of over $210 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20411087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411087" title="Russian Circles / These Arms Are Snakes">
Russian Circles / These Arms Are Snakes

Russian Circles / These Arms Are Snakes is a split 12″ EP released for the These Arms Are Snakes and Russian Circles European tour in November 2008. 500 copies were sold on tour and 500 were available on Sargent House's webstore.
Vinyl information.
1st Press:
2nd Press:

</doc>
<doc id="20411090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411090" title="Ainur (Middle-earth)">
Ainur (Middle-earth)

The Ainur are the immortal spirits existing before Creation in J. R. R. Tolkien's fictional universe. These were the first beings made of the thought of Eru Ilúvatar. 
Fictional history.
Before the Creation, Eru Ilúvatar made the Ainur or "holy ones". This Quenya name comes from the Elvish root ayan- "revere, treat with awe". "Ainur only appears in plural Elvish texts since after the Creation all those were Maiar includes Valar and their lesser kin, but not those who did not take part in the Great Theme, or else did not enter Eä." This means that only apocryphal texts written by Men and Hobbits used the singular Ainu.
The Universe was created through the "Music of the Ainur" or Ainulindalë, music sung by the Ainur in response to themes introduced by Eru. This universe, the song endowed with existence by Eru, was called Eä in Quenya. These are called Arda in Quenya. Those of the Ainur who felt concern for the Creation entered it, and became the Valar and the Maiar, the guardians of Creation. 
The vala Melkor or Melko claimed the Earth for himself. His brother Manwë and several other Valar decided to confront him. Much of the world was marred by the conflict between the Valar and Melkor. According to "The Silmarillion", the Valar and Maiar — with the aid of the Vala Tulkas, who entered the Creation last — were able to exile Morgoth, Melkor's physical manifestation, into the Void.

</doc>
<doc id="20411096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411096" title="Diego Nunes (fighter)">
Diego Nunes (fighter)

Diego Torresean Nunes (born November 30, 1982) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist, currently fighting as a featherweight for Bellator MMA. Nunes was also formerly signed to the WEC and the UFC. He is known for precise striking and his ability to keep a high pace.
Mixed martial arts career.
Diego trains with Team Nogueira Brazil. Nunes' professional career in mixed martial arts began in May 2004, when he defeated Jorge Santos Velho by TKO. He has fought in GP, TFC, Shooto, WEC and the UFC.
World Extreme Cagefighting.
Diego won his WEC debut against Cole Province by unanimous decision at WEC 37. Nunes was scheduled to fight Cub Swanson on the undercard at WEC 40, but a hand injury just days before the bout, forced Nunes to cancel the fight. He next fought Rafael Dias at WEC 42 on August 9, 2009. Nunes defeated Dias via unanimous decision (30–27, 30–27, 30–27). 
Nunes suffered his first professional loss to LC Davis via unanimous decision at WEC 44.
Nunes was expected to face Leonard Garcia on March 6, 2010 at WEC 47, but Nunes was forced from the card with an injury. Nunes was replaced by former UFC fighter George Roop.
Nunes then faced Raphael Assunção on June 20, 2010 at WEC 49. He won the fight via split decision.
Nunes faced Tyler Toner on September 30, 2010 at WEC 51. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
On October 28, 2010, World Extreme Cagefighting merged with the Ultimate Fighting Championship. As part of the merger, all WEC fighters were transferred to the UFC.
Nunes faced Mike Brown on January 1, 2011 at UFC 125. He won the fight via split decision.
Nunes faced Kenny Florian on June 11, 2011 at UFC 131. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Nunes was expected to face Manny Gamburyan on September 24, 2011 at UFC 135, but Gamburyan pulled out of the fight due to a shoulder injury. Then, on August 29, Nunes confirmed his own exit from the card, citing an injury.
Nunes/Gamburyan eventually took place on December 30, 2011 at UFC 141. Nunes won the fight via unanimous decision (29-28, 29-28, 29-28).
Nunes next faced Dennis Siver on April 14, 2012 at . He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Nunes faced Bart Palaszewski on October 5, 2012 at UFC on FX 5. After three full rounds, Nunes won the fight via unanimous decision (30-27, 29-28, 30-27). The performance also earned both participants "Fight of the Night" honors.
Nunes then faced Nik Lentz on January 19, 2013 at . He lost the fight via unanimous decision and was subsequently released from the promotion.
Bellator MMA.
In June 2013, it was revealed that Nunes signed with Bellator MMA.
In his debut, Nunes faced prior title challenger Patricio Freire at in the Quarterfinals of the season nine featherweight tournament. He lost the fight via knockout at just 1:19 in the first round. This is the first time that Nunes had ever been knocked out,or finished, in his career.
In February 2014, Nunes entered into the . He faced Matt Bessette in the quarterfinals at Bellator 110 and lost the back-and-forth fight via split decision.
Personal Life.
Diego is of Italian heritage. Diego is married. He is a Christian and regularly posts Bible verses on his Facebook page.

</doc>
<doc id="20411101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411101" title="Kališe, Kamnik">
Kališe, Kamnik

Kališe (in older sources also "Kališče", ) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church, built on a small hill above the village, is dedicated to Saint Acacius and is home to an important colony of the lesser horseshoe bat. The church itself is Gothic, dating to the second half of the 15th century, but parts of it were rebuilt on a number of occasions

</doc>
<doc id="20411121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411121" title="Astrolepis cochisensis">
Astrolepis cochisensis

Astrolepis cochisensis is a species of fern known by the common name Cochise scaly cloak fern. It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico, where it occupies mainly desert habitat, often on calcareous soils. The fern grows from a short rhizome. Its leaves are less than 10 centimeters long and are made up of several multilobed, rounded leaflets. The leaflets are coated in star-shaped scales on the upper surface and hairy lance-shaped scales beneath. 

</doc>
<doc id="20411140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411140" title="The Essential Series">
The Essential Series

The Essential Series is a weekly radio show broadcast on Irish radio station Today FM. Broadcast every Sunday between 19:00 and 20:00, each show is dedicated to a different musician or band and effectively serves as a tribute to their career, with songs from their discography interspersed with commentary from the presenter about the said band or musician. The show has no regular presenter and varies from Tony Fenton to Ann Gleeson, the most recent inductee into the show's list of hosts. She presented a special dedicated to Guns N' Roses on 23 November 2008. Some bands, such as The Beatles and U2, have featured twice. Kate Bush, R.E.M. and Christy Moore are amongst the artists to have been covered by the series in 2008. Other notable shows include Fenton's Aretha Franklin and Matt Cooper's Radiohead.

</doc>
<doc id="20411166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411166" title="Sea Hag">
Sea Hag

The Sea Hag is a fictional character owned by King Features Syndicate. She is a tall, masculine looking witch featured in comics/cartoons as a nemesis to the character Popeye. The Sea Hag was created by Elzie Crisler Segar in 1929 as part of the "Thimble Theater" comic strip.
Character history.
The Sea Hag is one of the central enemies of Popeye the Sailor. She is the last witch on earth, and a pirate who sails the Seven Seas in her boat "The Black Barnacle". She also has a deep knowledge of magic artifacts, and has used many of them to great effect over the years. She is able to practice Voodoo magic and powerful enough to capture the equally magical Eugene the Jeep (Though in the 1961 cartoon, "Myskery Melody", she declares her magic is powerless against him, and is subsequently shown running as Eugene attacks her with magical electricity from his tail.), and on one occasion Santa Claus. She can even alter her appearance to that of her alter ego "Rose of the Sea". Besides having a pet vulture named Bernard as her familiar, she also commands an army of Goons. The most famous of the Goons is Alice the Goon.
Because she is a woman, Popeye cannot physically attack her. His honor says that he would never hit a woman, even someone as evil as the Sea Hag. In such cases, it is Olive Oyl herself who steps in and does physical damage to her. One notable exception to this is in the 1960s cartoon, "Old Salt Tale" where Popeye grabs her whip and uses it to fling her into the sea. However this is during a story being told by Popeye, and therefore is not technically him.
Upon meeting Popeye, she falls madly in love with him. Discovering that Popeye already has a girlfriend named Olive Oyl she tries her best to be rid of Olive and win Popeye over to her favor. Popeye makes it clear to her though that under no circumstances would he be interested in a relationship with her. Enraged, on one occasion she gave Popeye's archenemy Brutus a potion to become young and handsome as a means to win Olive Oyl's heart. Later after thinking that the Sea Hag had died, Popeye had this to say once he discovered that she wasn't: "I yam glad she ain't dead even if she is a exter bad woman. If they wasn't no bad women, maybe we wouldn't appreciate the good ones. Anyway, she yam what she yam!" Despite this, the Sea Hag has tried to kill Popeye on occasion when upset that Popeye remains uninterested in her romantically.

</doc>
<doc id="20411199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411199" title="John Marius Trana">
John Marius Trana

John Marius Trana (22 June 1898 – 1976) was a Norwegian trade unionist and politician for the Labour Party. He chaired the Norwegian Union of Railway Workers from 1945 to 1963, and served as a deputy representative in the Norwegian Parliament.
Career.
He was born in Verdal as the son of railway manager John Trana (1871–1920) and his wife Marie Justine Freberg (1867–1949).
John Marius Trana was hired by the Norwegian State Railways in 1917, and was promoted to railway manager in 1921. He became involved in the trade union Norwegian Union of Railway Workers, serving as a member of the national board from 1932 to 1941. From 1941 to 1945, during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany when the Nazi occupants usurped the trade union, Trana was the chairman of the illegal shadow union. The pre-war union chairman, Ludvik Buland, was imprisoned in a concentration camp in 1941. Buland died in prison in 1945, and following the liberation of Norway in May that year, Trana was elected as the new chairman. He was challenged by Communist candidate Olaf Bjerke, but won the vote at the national convention. He chaired the union until 1963, and was later given honorary membership.
In the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions, the national trade union center in Norway, he was a member of the board from 1945 to 1949 and of the secretariat from 1949 to 1963. From 1949 to 1963 he also chaired the Statstjenestemannskartellet, a cartel within the Confederation of Trade Unions for workers in the public sector. Trana was also a member of the board of the railway section in the International Transport Workers' Federation.
Trana had a political background as a member of the executive committee of Oslo city council from 1931 to 1937. He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Oslo during the terms 1954–1957 and 1958–1961.

</doc>
<doc id="20411209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411209" title="Crinkle-cutting">
Crinkle-cutting

Crinkle-cutting means cutting so the result is corrugated (forms regular waves). One can do this with specialized knives or mandoline. It is frequently used for potato chips, and (in that context especially) is also referred to as ruffled, by analogy with the ruffle, a strip of fabric often gathered, creating regular folds. It is also commonly used for french fries.

</doc>
<doc id="20411215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411215" title="Betty Thayer">
Betty Thayer

Betty Thayer is a businesswoman who advocates for Women in business and lectures on the role of the non-executive director, corporate governance and transition post-retirement. Thayer has been published as an expert on these topics.
Career.
She has recently been appointed to the board of Homes and Rooms, an internet start-up in the vacation/holiday rental software space. Homes and Rooms is set for launch in early 2014.
She is the Director of Development for Romo Images. Romo, founded by Robert Mouzillat, is a stereoscopic image company that has an images library of over 50,000 3D images including the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II, Pablo Picasso and many other subjects.
She is a founding director of ATB Governance. She serves on the UK Council of the American Museum in Britain.
She is on the board of Bristol based Genius Consultancy. She is a Director of the American Friends of the Piccola Accademia di Montisi in Italy. She lectures on Non-Executive Director roles and responsibilities as a visiting lecturer at the Cranfield School of Management.
Previous appointments include as a Non-Executive Director of the Appointments Commission, a UK Non-Departmental Government body which oversaw the appointments to National Health Service boards and other Government Departments. She served on the Remuneration and Finance Committees. She was a Non-Executive on the board of Boyden UK. Formerly Chair of the Remuneration Committee of Think London, Thayer has served on the boards of the Church Urban Fund,the Bath Mozartfest Bath, Somerset and on the Advisory Board for the University of Bath School of Management. 
She was CEO of Exec-Appointments LTD, a subsidiary of The Financial Times, part of Pearson plc, and the non-executive director of businesses in the online executive and board recruitment sector. Previously, she was a member of the management board at Lex Service PLC (now RAC plc) from 1995 to 1997. In her career at Ernst & Young and Andersen Consulting, she specialised in lean manufacturing.
In recent years, her views upon non-executive directorship have been drawn upon by a range of media outlets, including The Daily Telegraph (UK) and the BBC and BBC Radio 4's Today Programme.
A dual US and UK citizen, Thayer has an MBA from Vanderbilt University and is a Freeman of the City of London, a Liveryman of the Worshipful Company of World Traders, and a Liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Management Consultants. Thayer served as a panelist at the 5th Annual Women in Business Conference, held at London Business School and was a judge at the Institute of Company Secretary’s (ICSA) Secretary of the Year Awards in October 2007.,

</doc>
<doc id="20411223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411223" title="Ce que je sais">
Ce que je sais

Ce que je sais is a 1998 album recorded by French singer Johnny Hallyday. It was released on January 24, 1998, and achieved success in France and Belgium (Wallonia), where, however, it failed to top the charts, being blocked by the soundtrack album of "The Titanic". It provided four singles in France, but a sole top ten hit : "Ce que je sais" (#9), "Debout" (#58), "Allumer le feu" (#39) and "Seul" (#32). The album was entirely composed by French artist Pascal Obispo, helped on certain songs by Zazie and Lionel Florence.
Track listing.
Source : "Allmusic".

</doc>
<doc id="20411224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411224" title="Kopačka (folklore ensemble)">
Kopačka (folklore ensemble)

Kopačka () is a folklore musical ensemble from Dramče, Republic of Macedonia. Founded in 1948, it is the oldest of its kind in the Republic of Macedonia, even older than the most famous Macedonian folklore ensemble Tanec, which was founded in 1949. The ensemble is best known for the dance with the same name "Kopačka".
In November 2008, the Kopačka ensemble marked its 60 years jubilee. There was also a guest ensemble from Melnik, Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="20411246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411246" title="James Madison University Marching Royal Dukes">
James Madison University Marching Royal Dukes

The Marching Royal Dukes are James Madison University's official marching band. Formed in 1972 (the same year as the football team), the "MRD's" perform at pre-game, halftime and post-game at all home football games, and travel with the team occasionally to perform at away and post-season games. In 1994, the MRD's were the recipients of the Sudler Trophy, the highest honor available for a college marching band, and was the first ensemble from a school with a I-AA football team to do so.
The MRD's are the largest collegiate marching band in the nation, with 485 members (Fall 2013). Nicknamed "Virginia's Finest", they have performed at venues such as the inaugurations of Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, the NFC title game between Washington and Dallas in 1983, Bands of America Grand National Championships in 1988 and 1991. The band has made three appearances in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, first in 2001, again in 2008, and most recently in 2013. In the past decade, the band has taken trips to Europe during the school's winter break, featuring Athens, Dublin, and Monoco. In the most recent trip to Europe, the MRD's participated in the 2011 London New Year's Day Parade.
The typical MRD show consists of three pieces, spreading across different genres, from jazz and funk to musicals and movie themes, and the second piece always features the Dukettes, the university's dance team. 
Marching band is offered as a two-credit applied music class at JMU, whereas most other universities it is solely an extracurricular activity. MRD tryouts are open to all students.
In addition to performances at football games, the Marching Royal Dukes record a new CD every year with selected songs from their show music, as well as stands tunes performed at football games. Every fall break the MRD's host Parade of Champions, a high school marching band competition, inviting bands from across the state and beyond to perform and receive scores.
Pep Band.
During the basketball season, the JMU Pep Band, directed by Chad Reep, performs at all home games, both men's and women's. If either team plays in a postseason tournament, the band travels with them as well. With the men's basketball team winning the 2013 CAA tournament, the Pep Band also traveled with the team to the 2013 NCAA Tournament in Dayton, Ohio playing for two tournament games. The Pep Band is open to all members of the marching band, and has twice been named “Best Pep Band in the East” by Eastern Basketball Magazine. In recent seasons the Pep Band debuted an arrangement of Start Wearing Purple, a song by the gypsy punk band Gogol Bordello, at basketball games and both the 2013 CAA and NCAA Tournaments. The song has since taken off around campus to the extent that it is now on JMU Athletics billboards, theme music for videos, and starting in the 2013 Football Season, the Marching Royal Dukes will present it as a part of their pre-game show.

</doc>
<doc id="20411253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411253" title="Beta Muscae">
Beta Muscae

Beta Muscae (β Muscae, β Mus) is a binary star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Musca. With a combined apparent visual magnitude of 3.07, it is the second brightest star (or star system) in the constellation. Judging by the parallax results, it is located at a distance of roughly from the Earth.
This is a binary star system with a period of about 194 years at an orbital eccentricity of 0.6. As of 2007, the two stars had an angular separation of 1.206 arcseconds at a position angle of 35°. The components are main sequence stars of similar size and appearance. The primary component, β Muscae A, has an apparent magnitude of 3.51, a stellar classification of B2 V, and about 7.35 times the Sun's mass. The secondary component, β Muscae B, has an apparent magnitude of 4.01, a stellar classification of B3 V, and is about 6.40 times the mass of the Sun.
This is a confirmed member of the Scorpius-Centaurus Association, which is a group of stars with similar ages, locations, and trajectories through space, implying that they formed together in the same molecular cloud. Beta Muscae is considered a runaway star system as it has a high peculiar velocity of relative to the normal galactic rotation. Runaway stars can be produced through several means, such as through an encounter with another binary star system. Binary systems form a relatively small fraction of the total population of runaway stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20411260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411260" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Iquitos">
Apostolic Vicariate of Iquitos

The Apostolic Vicariate of Iquitos () is a Roman Catholic apostolic vicariate located in the city of Iquitos in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="20411269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411269" title="Flanders Loyalty">
Flanders Loyalty

The Flanders Loyalty is an liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) tanker, currently owned by BW Gas of Oslo, Norway and named BW Liberty.
Ship history.
The ship was built by Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering Co, Ltd, Korea for Exmar Shipmanagement of Antwerp, Belgium. She was one of two identically constructed ships, and she and her sister ship, the "Flanders Liberty", were both built to transport liquefied gasses like propane, butane, and ammonia. The keel of the "Flanders Loyalty" was laid on 1 June 2007, she was launched on 29 August 2007 and finally delivered to her owners on 16 January 2008. The naming ceremony took place on 6 November 2007. The "Flanders Loyalty" and the "Flanders Liberty", were named together in the Daewoo shipyard.
Sea trials were held in December 2007 and on 16 January 2008 she took her maiden voyage from Okpo, South Korea to the Port of Tanjung Pelepas in Malaysia, where amounts of different gases were taken onboard by ship-to-ship transfer, in order to execute all the gas trials necessary before the ship could finally be operated.
After completion of the tests she went to Singapore anchorage for some bunkering (taking on fuel and supplies). Her first port of loading was Ruwais in the United Arab Emirates. There she loaded butane, which she discharged one day later in Jebel Ali, also in the United Arab Emirates. In her first 10 months of service she called at 30 ports, all of them located between Japan and the Persian Gulf.
"Flanders Loyalty" was one of a number of ships involved in an exchange of vessels between Exmar and BW Gas in August-September 2011, and was renamed BW Liberty.

</doc>
<doc id="20411299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411299" title="Good Days Bad Days">
Good Days Bad Days

"Good Days Bad Days" is the second single from Kaiser Chiefs' third album, "Off with Their Heads". It was released in the UK on 15 December 2008. The song featured in several home videos from the recording sessions for the album, although at the time of release the name of the song was not enclosed. The single peaked at number 111 on the UK Singles Chart. This song was also used as the theme song for the Australian reality TV show Home Made.
Music video.
The music video has been directed by Alex Courtes and produced at Partizan. It was premiered on the Channel 4 network on Channel 4 and 4 Music and sees the band playing as a foursome, due to keyboardist Nick Baines being hospitalized due to appendicitis. The keyboards are present, but occupied only by Baines' hat and a sign "Gone to Hospital" (later by a sign "Back in 5 mins"). There was also a Fan Edition video released on YouTube before the album release with the song put to animations of art pieces done by Kaiser Chiefs fans who posted their work on the band's forum pages.

</doc>
<doc id="20411349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411349" title="Pittsburgh Americans">
Pittsburgh Americans

The Pittsburgh Americans or Pittsburgh Amerks were a professional American football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from 1936 until 1937. The team was a member of the major-league American Football League and participated in the league's 1936 and 1937 seasons.
History.
When plans for the league were announced on November 15, 1935, fifteen cities bid for charter franchises for the new league. On April 11, 1936, Pittsburgh and seven other cities were awarded franchises. The Americans were organized by Dick Guy, a sports editor and business manager for the then-Pittsburgh Pirates of the National Football League. Rudy Comstock who played for five teams in the NFL, was then named the team's coach. The Amerks played all of their home games at Pittsburgh's Forbes Field. The team was to have played at Duquesne University, however the deal to lease the school's facilities fell through. The Amerks were able to purchase a lighting system from a circus.
The Amerks' first-ever league game was played on October 4, 1936 against the Syracuse Braves at MacArthur Stadium. Pittsburgh rallied to win the game 27-16. The team's first season resulted in a winning record and a fourth place finish for the Americans with a record of 3-2-1. The Americans were also not without stars: they signed former Pittsburgh Pirates' Ben Smith and Loran Ribble. However the team's performance on the field didn't mirror that of ticket sales and attendance. The Americans finished last in the league for attendance, averaging only 2500 spectators in attendance for home games at Forbes Field. However, the team drew large crowds on the road against the New York Yankees, Rochester Tigers and Boston Shamrocks.
While the Americans survived their first season, the team was folded after the third game of the 1937 season. The team played its first game at Forbes Field against the Los Angeles Bulldogs, which resulted in a 21-0 Bulldogs win. Jess Quatse, a former stand-out for the Pitt Panthers, served as the team's coach. The rest of the league would cease operations at the end of season.

</doc>
<doc id="20411355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411355" title="West Virginia University Mountaineer Marching Band">
West Virginia University Mountaineer Marching Band

The Mountaineer Marching Band, known as The Pride of West Virginia, is the marching band of West Virginia University located in Morgantown, West Virginia. The band was awarded the prestigious Sudler Trophy by the John Philip Sousa Foundation in 1997.
History.
The band was formed in 1901 as an all-male ROTC Band with only eight members. The founding director, Walter Mestrezat, was a band leader during the Spanish-American War who led the First West Virginia Regiment in Cuba. 
The band's membership was exclusive to male ROTC members from its founding until 1925, when eleven non-ROTC males were allowed to join the band with limited benefits. Citing the favorable bias toward military band members the eleven formed a "rebel" band. To gain recognition as an official student organization, the group formed WVU's initial Omicron Chapter of Kappa Kappa Psi. Through the efforts of WVU president Frank Trotter, the rebel and ROTC bands were successfully merged into the University Marching Band.
WVU's Military Department soon reached an agreement with the School of Music, allowing the band to be
recognized as an official WVU music organization. Mestrezat increased the band's membership to approximately 
70 members during his 37 year reign as the founding director. He retired in 1938, when Bernard McGregor became the band's second director.
The 1950s and 1960s began a new era in the marching band's history where it flourished largely under the direction of
Larry Intravaia and Budd Udell. WVU's fight songs, "Fight Mountaineers" and "Hail West Virginia" were arranged for the 
band by Budd Udell during this era. They are the same arrangements the band plays today. The new songs and performances
garnered the group significantly more attention than it had received in the past.
1971 began the 34-year era of Don Wilcox, who served as the director of the marching band from 1971 to 1997 and the Director of Bands from 1997 to 2005.
During Wilcox's inaugural year the band was still limited to all-male membership
and consisted of 88 members. The following year Wilcox endorsed women to become official members, marking the first time in the band's history (other than the World War II era) that woman were allowed to join the band. 
The 1970s saw one of the greatest periods of growth for the program through the efforts of its leadership and the band's association with the Mountaineer football team. As the football team became more renowned, the band garnered more exposure as well. The band performed 
at NFL games and two Peach Bowls in Atlanta. During the 1975 Peach Bowl, an announcer coined the phrase "The Pride of West Virginia",
a term that would eventually become the band's official nickname.
After Don Wilcox's retirement in 2005, John Hendricks became WVU’s Director of Bands. Jay Drury, then assistant director, was named the 11th director of the WVU Marching Band. In 2008 the band grew to over 390 members, becoming the largest WVU Marching Band to date.
Traditions.
During its traditional pre-game performance, the WVU drumline enters Mountaineer Field through the home-side tunnel and performs the "Boogie" cadence. When complete, the remaining band members emerge from the south end-zone tunnels to a spirited, 220-beats per minute run-on cadence. The band forms several iconic images during its pre-game show including the Flying WV, the initials WVU, expanding circles, and an outline of the state of West Virginia. The band plays several university songs and favorites including ""Country Roads"", ""Hail, West Virginia"", ""Simple Gifts"" (from "Appalachian Spring"), ""Fight, Mountaineers"", ""Mountain Dew"", and the ""West Virginia University Alma Mater"".
Formation of the State.
The band forms the outline of the state of West Virginia during the pregame show of all home Mountaineer football games. The outline moves down the field during the playing of "Hail West Virginia", and the shape inverts to face the student side of the stadium when the crowd begins the "Let's Go...Mounaineers" chant.
West Virginia is one of only two U.S. states with two panhandles, the other is Alaska. West Virginia features an irregular oval body formed mostly by the Ohio River and a straight northern border formed by the Mason-Dixon line. The unique shape creates a complex formation on the football field. Adding to the difficulty of the performance is the inversion of the formation, the motion of the band members around the border of the state, and the movement of the outline across the field.
Simple Gifts.
While the song was originally performed by the band during the 1973 halftime show, Aaron Copland's "Simple Gifts" has become a pregame tradition. Soon after its debut as a pregame selection, then band director Don Wilcox decided to exclude the song from the show for one year. However, the high demand for "Simple Gifts" to be reinstated caused Wilcox to add the performance into the very next pregame show.
The highlight of the performance begins when the band gathers in a circular formation in the center of the field. After a drum roll the colorguard thrust gold and blue flags into the air, raising and lowering them for emphasis, as the outer circle kneels, creating a two tiers of instruments for maximum sound during the fanfare of the arrangement. The formation then expands in concentric circles as the band begins the reprise.
Composition.
Any student at West Virginia University is eligible for membership pending an audition. The band currently has 390-members.
Direction.
Jay Drury is currently the director of the Mountaineer Marching Band and holds the title of Assistant Director of Bands. The marching band and basketball pep band are assisted by Christopher Nichter. The Director of Bands, John Hendricks III, also serves as the conductor of the WVU Wind Symphony and Symphonic Orchestra. Don Wilcox, who served as Director of Bands for 34 years at WVU, a tenure that included 28 years as director of the marching band, currently holds the title of Director of Bands Emeritus.
Performances.
The band performs at every home football game and makes several local and national appearances throughout the year. When traveling the band requires ten charter buses, or equivalently two charter planes, to accommodate the band membership, faculty, and equipment needed for performances. "The Pride Travel Fund" was created before the 2008 season to help offset these costs. In the past decade alone the band has traveled to the states of Alabama, Arizona, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, North Carolina, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Virginia and the District of Columbia.
The band is sometimes referred to as an ambassador of the state of West Virginia, often being selected to represent the state at political events. The band was invited to the Inaugural Parades of Richard Nixon in 1969 and Ronald Reagan in 1985.
In the fall of 2005 the band celebrated Constitution Day with a performance on the National Mall that was attended by Robert C. Byrd, one of West Virginia's two representatives in the US Senate. In 2008 the band performed at the inauguration of West Virginia Governor Joe Manchin in Charleston.
The band has performed at many bowl games due to its close association to the Mountaineer football team. The band performed at WVU's first BCS Bowl Game, the 2006 Nokia Sugar Bowl, in Atlanta, Georgia. Significant national television coverage was provided for the band's pregame and halftime performances during the 2008 Tostitos Fiesta Bowl in Glendale, Arizona. The Pride also performed at the 2012 Discover Orange Bowl in Miami, Florida as the Mountaineer blew out the Clemson Tigers 70-33.
Accolades.
In 1997, the WVU band was awarded the Sudler Trophy by the John Philip Sousa Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20411372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411372" title="Cindy Adams">
Cindy Adams

Cynthia "Cindy" Adams (née Sugar; later Heller; born April 24, 1930) is an American gossip columnist and writer. She is the widow of comedian/humorist Joey Adams.
Early life and education.
Born an only child in New York City, she was one year old when her parents divorced. Her mother, Jessica Sugar, worked as an executive secretary for the New York City Water Department and was a single parent until her remarriage to insurance agent Harry Heller. She grew up in Washington Heights, Manhattan and Jamaica Estates, Queens. She attended Andrew Jackson High School without graduating (she was academically qualified but the principal reportedly refused to graduate her unless she learned to sew). 
Marriage to Joey Adams.
She began to work as a photographer's model in Manhattan, meeting her future husband, Joey, a year later when they appeared on the same radio show. Married on Valentine's Day 1952, they had no children. Joey Adams died in 1999 following a long illness.
Writing career.
Since 1979, Adams has written a gossip column for the "New York Post", a New York City newspaper. She contributed to "Sunday Today in New York", a now-defunct newscast on WNBC television. She had previously contributed twice a week on WNBC's "Live at Five" newscast until it took on a new format on March 12, 2007.
Her husband wrote a newspaper column for the "Long Island Press" on Long Island, New York, and later the "New York Post". She also wrote for local papers, eventually writing for the "New York Post" at the same time as her husband. In 1965 she co-wrote an English-language autobiography of Indonesia's President Sukarno, about whom she wrote another book two years later. In 1975 she published a biography of Jolie Gabor, the mother of the Gabor sisters. Among those whom she interviewed in 1970 was Mohammad-Rezā Shāh Pahlavi, the Shah of Iran. She later became friendly with Imelda Marcos, widow of former Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos.
She became a syndicated newspaper columnist in 1981; she was an original contributor to the syndicated, tabloid-television series "A Current Affair" and has appeared often on "Good Morning America", a morning news-and-talk show on the ABC television network. In 1990, Adams served as a panelist on "To Tell the Truth", an NBC television network game show.
Animal activism.
After her husband died in 1999, Adams developed a love for dogs. Jazzy, her Yorkshire Terrier, trailed her in public and became a minor celebrity himself. Adams and Jazzy would often dine together at New York City's finest restaurants, including Le Cirque. Adams dresses her dogs in expensive designer clothes and jewelry. She wrote a memoir about Jazzy, "The Gift of Jazzy" and launched the "Jazzy" line of merchandise. 
One weekend, Adams put Jazzy in a kennel in upstate New York when she left the city. By the time she returned Jazzy had died. She had an autopsy performed, which showed E. coli bacteria in the dog's system. In an article published in "The New York Times", Adams was quoted as saying: "Now this is a dog that I hand-fed. I would lie on my stomach in the kitchen and hand-feed him kosher chicken. We would go to Le Cirque and eat off of Limoges porcelain. Where would he get E. coli?"
She became a vocal advocate for strengthening regulations of boarding kennels. In 2004, she garnered the support of the television journalist Barbara Walters, the socialite Ivana Trump, the lawyer Barry Slotnick, the writer Tama Janowitz, as well as New York City Council Speaker Gifford Miller, to pass the "Boarding Kennel and Regulation Act", also known as "Jazzy's Law". According to Adams: "To prevent others from suffering my Jazzy pain this local "Boarding Kennel and Regulation Act" will: license kennels, monitor them regularly, fine those in violation, require records and rules, demand boarded pets prove vaccination and immunization against contagious doggy diseases." Despite the increasingly strict New York City health code, which only permits service animals in restaurants, Adams continues to bring her dogs to New York City restaurants. The New York City Health Department, whose inspectors enforce the restaurant regulations, is the same department that enforces "Jazzy's Law".
Personal life.
Adams lives and works from a nine-room penthouse apartment with a verandah at 475 Park Avenue in Manhattan, that she and her husband purchased from the estate of billionaire heiress Doris Duke in 1997. Because of the apartment's connection with Duke, Adams hosted the wrap party for the television biographical film "Bernard and Doris" (2008) about Duke's later years and her relationship with her butler.
Illness in 2010.
Adams ceased writing her regular "New York Post" column in May 2010 without notice and there was no news beyond brief mentions that she was "unwell". In late June Liz Smith, another gossip columnist (whose column used to be carried in the "Post"), reported in her online column that Adams was ill with a stomach malady. A Christian Scientist, Adams had avoided medical help until forced by friends Barbara Walters and television judge Judith Sheindlin; Sheindlin became Adams' health care proxy as Adams has no immediate family. The diagnosis was said to be an almost-burst appendix. Smith reported that "she is now on the mend". From July 2010 through September 20, 2010, the "New York Post" noted that Adams will be "returning soon". She returned with a column detailing her illness on September 20, 2010. She wrote that she had had a ruptured appendix and anemia.

</doc>
<doc id="20411378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411378" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Jaén en Peru">
Apostolic Vicariate of Jaén en Peru

The Apostolic Vicariate of Jaén en Peru o San Francisco Javier () is a Roman Catholic apostolic vicariate located in the city of Jaén in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="20411387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411387" title="Ludvik Buland">
Ludvik Buland

Ludvik Buland (6 May 1893 – 5 February 1945) was a Norwegian trade unionist. He chaired the Norwegian Union of Railway Workers, but was imprisoned and died during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany.
Early life and career.
Ludvik Buland was born in Buland, Hegra as the son of Gunnar Lorentsen Buland and his wife Kristine Ingebrigtsdatter Kleivgjerdet. He took secondary education, and was hired in the Norwegian State Railways in 1914. After some time he was promoted to railway station manager. He was the chairman of his local trade union from 1920 to 1928, and vice chairman of the national Norwegian Union of Railway Workers, affiliated with the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions (LO), from 1928 to 1930. The union had witnessed turbulent times in the 1920s, with inner strife between communists and social democrats. Buland had been an elected politician for the Labour Party, serving in Trondheim city council from 1925 to 1930. In 1930 he became chairman of the Union of Railway Workers, and succeeded in his task to reinforce the union.
He had four children.
World War II.
At the time of the German invasion of Norway in 1940, Buland was still chairman of the Union of Railway Workers. The leadership of the LO fled Oslo shortly after the invasion, and secretary Elias Volan, a former member Communist Party member, became chairman. Volan cooperated and negotiated with the Nazi occupants to a certain degree, but was pressured by the loosely organized Fagopposisjonen av 1940 ("trade opposition of 1940"), spearheaded by Håkon Meyer and Jens Tangen, who went further in stressing the importance of cooperation. Buland, too, was a member of this opposition. Following a higher degree of German control, represented by Reichskommissar Josef Terboven who formed a cabinet on 25 September, Volan was removed as LO chairman on 28 September, paving the way for Jens Tangen as the new chairman and Ludvik Buland as deputy chairman.
However, the new LO leadership grew uneasy with the attempts on nazification of the union. On 3 April and 15 May 1941 Buland signed two letters to Terboven, protesting this development. The 15 May letter was signed by forty-two other organizations, hence it was dubbed "the protest of the 43". On 18 June 1941, Terboven summoned the protesters to a meeting in the Parliament Building of Norway. Six of the protesters who showed up were arrested on the spot, among them Buland. He was incarcerated for a short period, at Møllergata 19 from June to July 1941.
In September 1941, Buland was arrested for the second time. This time the pretext was a martial law that followed the so-called milk strike. The milk strike occurred on 9 September, and martial law was declared the next day. A local union leader, Rolf Wickstrøm, and chief jurist in the Confederation of Trade Unions, Viggo Hansteen were executed immediately. Ludvik Buland, together with the other labour leaders Josef Larsson and Harry Vestli received death sentences. The Confederation of Trade Unions were usurped by the Nazis, who installed Odd Fossum as chairman. Håkon Meyer from the trade opposition, who had joined the Nazi Party, was promoted as well.
Buland, Larsson and Vestli were later reprieved, and instead given a lifelong jail sentence. After some time in Grini concentration camp from September to October 1941, he was sent via Akershus Fortress to the "Nacht und Nebel" camp Hamburg-Fuhlsbüttel where he arrived on 16 October. He was transferred to Rendsburg in August 1943, then to Dreibergen, Köln and Coswig. He died on 5 February 1945, shortly before the war's end.

</doc>
<doc id="20411398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411398" title="Norman Bettison">
Norman Bettison

Norman George Bettison, QPM (born 3 January 1956) is a former British police officer and the former Chief Constable of West Yorkshire Police. He resigned' in October 2012 amidst controversy about his role in the Hillsborough disaster, in which he was allegedly involved in the implementation of a cover-up of police errors. He remains the subject of an Independent Police Complaints Commission investigation.
Early life.
Bettison was born in Rotherham, West Riding of Yorkshire, on 3 January 1956, the son of George Bettison, a steelworker, and Betty Heathcote. He married Patricia Favell in Rotherham in 1976.
Bettison said that he attended football matches as a spectator from time to time, following Sheffield Wednesday. He described his experience as a 14-year-old boy watching Sheffield Wednesday vs. Manchester City on 22 April 1970 from the Leppings Lane terraces at Hillsborough stadium:
"..."the terraces had become so full...there was no room to move...I remember, at one time, being squashed against a barrier to such an extent that I was exerting all my energies to prevent injury...I dreaded any goals or near misses as this was followed by a surge of people which caused me to be squashed painfully against the barrier. After fighting my way through a crowd I found a more comfortable position. I had been in very large football grounds before and since but had never experienced anything quite like the pressure that was created in this crowd at Hillsborough"."
The experience led him to state in 1989 that "I wonder, now, whether the Leppings Lane terraces at Hillsborough is somehow susceptible to retaining the pressure created in crowd build up"
Education.
Bettison attended South Grove Comprehensive School before leaving at the age of 16 to join South Yorkshire Police as a cadet. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) in philosophy and psychology from the University of Oxford, which was later upgraded to a Master of Arts (MA), and gained a Master of Business Administration (MBA) in business administration and media studies from Sheffield Hallam University. He is also a graduate of the FBI Executive Programme
Career.
Bettison began his police career in 1975 when, at the age of 19, he joined South Yorkshire Police as a Constable. He served through its ranks, acting as a Superintendent in the Traffic Division from October 1989 to January 1991, whilst simultaneously working in the Hillsborough disaster liaison unit; as Superintendent in the Divisional Commander's office from January 1991 to April 1992; and as Chief Superintendent in the Corporate Development unit from April 1992 to May 1993. In May 1993 he was appointed Assistant Chief Constable of West Yorkshire Police, where his portfolios included Management & Information Support, Personnel, and Operations Support.
Chief Constable of Merseyside Police.
He left West Yorkshire in 1998 to become Chief Constable of Merseyside Police, covering the area where most of the Hillsborough victims had lived and still had relatives living. A member of Merseyside Police Authority, Councillor Steve Foulkes, said the appointment had caused outrage among the families of the victims of the 1989 Hillsborough disaster, because Bettison had been involved in the investigation, which had been controversial. Bettison offered to meet the families to defuse the controversy.
As Chief Constable of Merseyside he was a pioneer of Neighbourhood Policing: a policing style which provides dedicated teams of police officers and community support officers (CSO) who work with the community and partners at a local level 
Chief Executive of Centrex.
He retired from the police in January 2005 to become Chief Executive of Centrex, which provided training and development to police forces in the UK and enforcement agencies throughout the world until it was abolished in March 2007.
Chief Constable of West Yorkshire Police.
He rejoined the police service in January 2007 as Chief Constable of West Yorkshire Police. He attempted to secure a package to receive both a retirement pension from Merseyside and a salary from the new post; he threatened legal action but the claim was settled out of court.
Shortly after taking office as Chief Constable of West Yorkshire Police, Sir Norman ordered a review of shifts worked by officers claiming they did not provide the best service to the public as they included four rest days when officers were not at work.
A new shift pattern consisting of two distinct patterns referred to as VSA 1 and VSA 2 (variable shift arrangement) was produced and commenced in March 2008. Response officers worked VSA 1 and neighbourhood policing teams worked VSA 2. Interestingly, the VSA 2 still included four rest days for officers. Officers posted to Communications Division were allowed to continue working the more popular previous shift pattern, FSDR (Force Standard Duty Rosta) as Communications Division had been able to successfully argue that VSA was not fit for purpose for their requirements. The VSA 1 proved deeply unpopular with many officers claiming that they were more tired than they had been working the previous shift pattern. A report leaked from the Police Federation to local media suggested that there had been an increase of 16,000 hours of sickness between April and August 2008, a 3.4% increase on the previous year.
After pressure by the police federation a further review was taken and VSA 1 was re-designed and commenced in April 2009. Many officers remain unconvinced as to the need to deviate from the FSDR shift pattern which had allowed West Yorkshire Police to achieve 'very significant performance gains' and be regarded as one of the most improved forces.
Media statements.
In October 2008, Bettison was touted as a possible replacement for Sir Ian Blair as Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police, but ruled himself out of consideration citing the politicisation of the role and the way Blair was removed. He warned of "dangerous consequences" if the independence of chief constables were lost, saying "I am not prepared to set aside my professional judgement and integrity, forged over 36 years, in order to meet short-term political expediency" and warning of "the ambition which seems to be shared by all three major political parties at the moment... to make the police service more accountable to elected representatives. What that means is bringing the police service under greater political control."
On 12 April 2010 Bettison wrote an article in "The Times" saying "I'm not worth £213,000"; his annual cost to the tax payer when pensions and benefits are considered. He criticized the notion, in the National Health Service and other government bureaus, that public sector organisations had to offer wages for senior managers comparable to those for private industry, or that businesspeople should be brought in to conduct strategic reviews of public agencies. Instead, he wrote, "People join, and remain in, the public sector because of a sense of vocation — to make a difference to society or to the quality of people’s lives. The best leaders are those who can secure long-term public value and a vision for their staff. Not some mercenary performance manager peddling a short-term fix." Thus he suggested freezing public sector pay, without exceptions, beginning with the highest wage earners, which he felt in combination with a 50p in the pound increase in taxes for higher earners and the removal of all tax allowances would sustain public services.
In an article for the "Yorkshire Post", Bettison wrote that over-zealous health and safety officials were making the jobs of his front line officers increasingly more demanding, branding them "the health and safety Taliban". He described feeling that he was "pushing the boundaries" by commending a police officer who jumped into a canal to save a suicidal man, due to the officer's personal risk, and that in another case police and ambulance crews failed to save two shooting victims after being delayed 20 minutes, because it is "genuinely easier, in that kind of environment, to do nothing. We are not trained, equipped, practised or informed sufficiently for this or that particular scenario." He also described the conviction of Metropolitan Police for the death of Jean Charles de Menezes as "A triumph for health and safety, a lucrative new territory for lawyers, a disaster for common sense."
Honours.
Bettison was made an Honorary Fellow of Liverpool John Moores University in 2004. In the Millennium New Year's Honours list, he was awarded the Queen's Police Medal, and was knighted in 2006.
Liverpool John Moores University came under pressure to rescind Bettison's fellowship, following the publication of the report of the Hillsborough Independent Panel. The University responded that the requests were being treated with the 'utmost seriousness' but that it would be 'prejudicial' to IPCC investigation to make a decision before the outcome of that investigation was known. 
On 9 April 2013, LJMU announced they were withdrawing the honorary fellowship granted to Bettison.
Use of police resources to edit Wikipedia page.
In February 2008 an article in the "Daily Mail" drew attention to a long-running edit war of Bettison's Wikipedia page, and made accusations that Bettison had instructed his staff to monitor the page and to edit out unfavourable references to him.
A chief constable has told his staff to monitor online encyclopedia Wikipedia – to stop its users posting rude comments about him.
Sir Norman Bettison took exception to being described as a "greedy, vain moron" on the online encyclopaedia, according to Police Review magazine.
The 52-year-old chief constable of West Yorkshire – favourite to succeed Sir Ian Blair as head of the Met – has ordered employees to check for changes often.
Role in Hillsborough disaster.
Match attendance.
On 15 April 1989, as an off-duty police Chief Inspector/private citizen Bettison, attended the semi-final FA Cup football match tie between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest at the Hillsborough Stadium, Sheffield. At 15:06 the Hillsborough disaster unfolded, which resulted in 96 Liverpool fans being fatally crushed (although two of them died at later dates), and remains the deadliest stadium-related disaster in British history and one of the world's worst ever football disasters. Bettison subsequently left his seat and joined in the South Yorkshire Police efforts to control the unfolding disaster. He claims to have attended a number of casualties, and set up a rendezvous centre for relatives at a local boys' club.
South Yorkshire Police review/liaison.
After the disaster and in the period leading up to the Taylor Report, Bettison was seconded to an internal review group within South Yorkshire Police team who were tasked with liaising with regards issues associated with Hillsborough. Later described as a "black propaganda" unit, the media output included a 30 minute film narrated by Bettison that was shown to MP's during a visit by SYP to Westminster, which verbally reiterated the claims of drunk, violent and ticketless fans breaking down the dilapidated turnstiles at the Leppings Lane end. During a prior meeting to brief Michael Shersby MP and show him the film, it was also claimed that the South Yorkshire Police had deliberately left the rescue operation to the fans so that the fans "would not take out their frustration on the police".
Bettison has consistently described his role in Hillsborough as 'peripheral', which has been disputed. He has been asked to explain how exactly his role was peripheral, what exactly his role was, who he was answerable to, and what he did for the two year period.
As a result of his role within the unit, the Hillsborough Families Support Group later led protests on Merseyside when Bettison was proposed as the Chief Constable of Merseyside Police, objections which were over ruled by the police authority.
Contribution hearings.
On 12 July 1990, Bettison prepared and submitted a document for the Hillsborough contribution hearings, the civil court case through which the police sought to recover damages from other parties with liability such as the football club and stadium engineers. In this document, Bettison wrote:
".."The fullest information on the closure of the central tunnel at the 1988 Semi-Final...it was an informal initiative at junior level not reported to command level""
This conclusion was also drawn by the Coroner who directed the inquest jury that the senior officers had not been aware of diversions from the tunnel by police officers in 1988.
Internal documents later released by South Yorkshire Police to the Hillsborough Independent Panel included the minutes of a meeting held on 17 April 1989 with senior members of South Yorkshire Police. It is not clear whether Bettison was in attendance. In the meeting, the then Chief Constable is documented to have stated:
""You were well aware that there were contingencies to deal with the filled stand. i.e the shutting off of the tunnel"."
Hillsborough Independent Panel report.
On 12 September 2012 Bettison's role in the Hillsborough disaster was revealed by the Hillsborough Independent Panel report. Families of the victims demanded Bettison's resignation.
In response to the report, Bettison released a statement saying that his role was never to "besmirch" the fans, but said that Liverpool fans' behaviour that day made policing the event "harder than it needed to be." His comments sparked fury, and led to calls for him to resign. The IPCC later criticised Bettison's statement saying that it was "insensitive and inappropriate to make reference to fan behaviour at all, bearing in mind that publication of the report represented a vindication for the fans that their behaviour was not a factor," and that his "unwise" comments "flew in the face of the report's definitive findings".
Trevor Hicks, chair of the families support group, said Sir Norman Bettison, currently chief constable of West Yorkshire police and a former chief constable of Merseyside, should quit. As a South Yorkshire chief inspector and later superintendent, he was a member of the internal review group or liaison unit on Hillsborough and, as such, the families say he had a key role in presenting the police in the best light and blaming the fans for the disaster. Labour MP Maria Eagle told parliament: the "liaison unit orchestrated what can only be described as a black propaganda campaign."
Hicks, who lost his two teenage daughters in the disaster, said: "If he is anything of a man, he will stand down and scurry up a drainpipe somewhere."
On 13 September 2012 former Home Secretary Jack Straw said in a radio interview that Bettison was "bound to be considering his position". He added that in his experience Bettison was a fine police officer . Later that same day, Bettison was referred to the West Yorkshire Police Authority, over his role and post-disaster conduct at the Hillsborough disaster. He was quoted as saying "I really welcome the disclosure of all facts that can be known about the Hillsborough tragedy because I have absolutely nothing to hide." 
On 14 September, Bettison issued an apology for his statement issued on 13 September "for any upset caused by a statement he issued about his role in the Hillsborough tragedy." Bettison said he had not intended to suggest Liverpool fans had hindered police during the disaster, that Liverpool fans were "in no way to blame", and that he was sorry if he had "caused any further upset".
Resignation.
At the start of October 2012 he announced that he was to retire in March 2013, ending 38 years of service to the police. On 23 October 2012, Bettison resigned with immediate effect as Chief Constable of West Yorkshire Police, after Maria Eagle MP on the floor of the House and thus protected by Parliamentary privilege, accused him of boasting about the Hillsborough cover-up operation involving concocting a story that all the Liverpool fans were drunk and that police were afraid that they were going to break down the gates and so decided to open them. Bettison denied the claim, and more general allegations about his conduct, saying "there is nothing I'm ashamed of". Merseyside Police Authority confirmed that he would receive an £83,000 pension, unless convicted of a criminal offence in relation to Hillsborough. Hillsborough families called for the payments to be frozen during the IPCC investigation.
Gross misconduct charge.
Following a Freedom of Information request, the minutes of West Yorkshire Police Authority were released and they revealed that Bettison resigned after learning that "he faced possible dismissal over a last minute discussion with a police authority executive in which he allegedly sought to influence talks about his role in the Hillsborough scandal." This conversation would have justified his sacking if it was proved that he had interfered with the “integrity of the complaints handling process."
Bettison is also to be investigated by the Independent Police Complaints Commission over allegations that he was involved in the theft of a substantial quantity of precious metal on 11 August 1987.
Alleged misconduct in Stephen Lawrence enquiry.
On 3 July 2013 Bettison was referred to the IPCC by West Yorkshire Police and Crime Commissioner Mark Burns-Williamson in relation to alleged misconduct during the Macpherson Inquiry into the murder of Stephen Lawrence, a black South London teenager who had fatally stabbed in a racist attack 20 years earlier. Three documents were found, about which Burns-Williamson said:

</doc>
<doc id="20411399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411399" title="Charles Francis Constantine">
Charles Francis Constantine

Education.
Major-General Charles Francis Constantine, , was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 1883. His father, Charles Constantine, was the superintendent of the Royal Northwest Mounted Police. He was educated at Upper Canada College, in Toronto, Ontario (1896–1902). He studied at the Royal Military College of Canada (or RMC), student number 621 in Kingston, Ontario 1902-1905. He was an outstanding athlete and CSM. He played rugger for two of the leading British teams, Blackheath F.C. and Harlequin F.C.. Based in Quebec City in 1906 and 1907, he played senior hockey with the Quebec Hockey Club, leading scorers with 15 goals in 7 games. He was the XI Commandant, RMC.
Career.
Often referred to as a soldier’s soldier, Constantine spent his life in the army from the time he joined the Royal Canadian Horse Artillery (or RCHA) in 1905, until he retired in 1943. He entered the Permanent Force in 1905. By the time that the First World War broke out, he had become a captain. He was appointed brigade major shortly after proceeding oversees with the First Division. He was promoted to Lieutenant-colonel just before the Battle of Vimy Ridge in 1917 and placed in command of the Fifth Canadian Field Brigade. He rose to the command of an Artillery Brigade, winning the Distinguished Service Order, or DSO, (21 October 1883) and bar and the Legion of Honour. He was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath, or CB. After the war he held many important military posts, including O.C. of the Royal Canadian Horse Artillery. Following the First World War, he taught at the RMC then went to staff college in England.
He was appointed the 11th Commandant at the RMC (1925–30). During this period he consolidated the work of restoring it after the war. In 1925, Constantine was informed that the Department of Militia intended to expand the RMC over the next ten years so that it could handle three hundred cadets, a seven-month physical training course for officers and other ranks, equitation courses and special courses for the military training of officers of the Royal Canadian Navy, the Active Militia and the Royal Canadian Air Force. Summer training and accommodation was provided at the RMC for cadets who were candidates for the Permanent Force, the Royal Canadian Navy and the Royal Canadian Air Force.
To accommodate the growth of the college, a new mechanical engineering shop was built and equipped to release the space under Currie Hall for a drafting room. Although he also recommended plans for the construction of dormitory, mess and recreation facilities, the accommodation problem was not immediately resolved. The universities and professional societies, such as the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ontario continued to recognize RMC courses and several members of the academic staff took measures to improve their academic qualifications. Although the Advisory Board recommended that RMC offer a bachelor of military science degree or that civilian universities give a special bachelor of military science degree to RMC graduates who completed their degrees in civilian universities, the proposal was coldly received by the Deputy Minister and Chief of the General Staff. Although some ex-cadets recommended the addition of more humanities and cultural courses, specialization was eliminated. All cadets took the same subjects with a heavy emphasis on mathematics, with the exception of third year specialization in chemical engineering 1924-29. During the 20s, between one quarter and a half of each RMC class went into regular military service in Canada or in Britain, particularly into the Canadian technical corps, the signals and the engineers.
The Constantine Arena was named in Major-General Constantine’s honour, who in addition to his distinguished service career was an outstanding sportsman, hockey player and coach at the RMC. The arena was built in 1960 during a period of rapid expansion of the RMC.
After leaving RMC, he served as district officer commanding at Saint John, New Brunswick (1930). In 1934, he became adjutant-general in Ottawa, Ontario. In 1938 he was the commanding officer of Kingston Ontario, Canada’s largest military district. With the advent of war in 1939, he was sent to Halifax, Nova Scotia
He died in Kingston Ontario, in 1953.
Family.
His wife, Marie served as the Provincial Commissioner with the Girl Guides of Canada from 1937-40. They had three children, all girls.
Honour.
The Constantine arena at the Royal Military College of Canada was named in honour of Charles Francis Constantine in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="20411427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411427" title="Bear Wallow">
Bear Wallow

Bear Wallow or Bearwallow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20411460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411460" title="Olaf Bjerke">
Olaf Bjerke

Olaf Bjerke (6 January 1893 – 21 September 1957) was a Norwegian trade unionist and politician for the Communist Party.
During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany he was arrested on 10 September 1941 after the milk strike. He was imprisoned at Møllergata 19, then in Grini concentration camp, then in Sachsenhausen concentration camp until the end of World War II. The communist inmates formed a caucus in the camp, and Bjerke was among the leading members along with Kristian Mugaas, Johan Strand Johansen, Olaf Skramstad, Halvor Sørum and Erling Heiestad.
A railway worker, Bjerke was involved in the trade union Norwegian Union of Railway Workers. As former chairman Ludvik Buland died in a concentration camp in 1945, Bjerke came close to being elected chairman at the national convention later that year, but lost the vote to the Social Democrat Marius Trana. The electoral committee had been unified in its support of Bjerke, but reportedly Haakon Lie and Trygve Bratteli swayed the result in Trana's favor. He did become elected to the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions secretariat, as the only communist.
He also entered the Communist Party leadership stratum. Bjerke served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Oslo during the term 1954–1957. He died in September 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="20411468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411468" title="Chakkani Rajamargamu">
Chakkani Rajamargamu

Chakkani Rājamargamu is a Telugu "kriti" in the Carnatic music tradition. It was composed by Tyāgarāja. It is composed in the "Kharaharapriya rāga" melodic mode, set to an "Adi Tala" rhythm. Like all other "kritis" of Thyagaraja, it carries his "mudra". The song is about Thyagaraja's devotion to Lord Rama. This is considered as the most elaborate krithi composed in Kharaharapriya raaga, which contains all the special swara prayogams of the Kharaharapriya.

</doc>
<doc id="20411472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411472" title="Longuda people">
Longuda people

The Longuda are an African ethnic group living in Adamawa and Gombe States in northeastern Nigeria. They people are the only known tribe in Nigeria that is matrilineal and matriarchal. The Longuda consider matrilineal descent in many aspects of their social organisation more important than the patrilineal. Clan membership may even be counted on the mother line. This custom is not found with their other neighbors or in other tribes of Nigeria. The Longuda language is Adamawa.
History and Geography.
The Lunguda rulers default to the Kanuri style. The seat of the traditional ruler is in Guyuk, Guyuk Local Government in Adamawa State. The Lunguda claim to have migrated from Yemen together with other tribes such as the Kanuri, Babur/Bura. They parted with the Kanuri in Borno State of Nigeria. There is a disagreement between the different dialect groups of the Longuda as to where they first settled after they migrated from Borno. Whereas others cite Dukkul as their first destination, others argue that Wanda was their first destination.
Cuisine.
Traditionally, the staple crop of the Longuda is Guinea Corn ("Sorghum bicolor"). This used to be grounded on stone hand mill and cooked into a thick paste ""tuwo"", then eaten with vegetable soup. Today, however, rice, maize, and millet form part of the staple of the Longuda. Guinea Corn still remains the dominant crop grown by the Longuda.
Marriage.
The Longuda are primarily polygamous. The different dialects of the Longuda people perform marriage rites differently. Traditionally, a young man courting a woman will invite his friends on the night he wished to take her as his bride without her prior knowledge. On such a night, the man and his friends will abduct the woman to his cottage. This was often a forceful act. Once the woman spends a night in his cottage, his family and hers will consider them married. The bride price was usually paid afterwards. This abduction, which usually took place in the night, was not without resistance. The other young men in the womans neighborhood would attempt to come to her rescue, and a free-for-all fight will ensure. The intending groom and his company usually had to win the duel in order to take the bride to be.
However, in recent times, the influence of Christianity and cultural assimilation of neighboring societies have altered this practice. A watered-down version of this is still widely used. In this case, a man asks a woman for her consent, the woman agrees, and on an arranged night,the groom friends and bride's friend secretly picks her and her clothing from parent's house, goes over to spend the night in the grooms uncles house,living behind a token at the position where they used to sit during courtship and that seals the union. Taking her clothes along with her is her indication to everyone that she has agreed to marry the man.
Colonial Rule.
The Longuda, especially the Jessu dialect were very hostile to the colonial masters and missionaries. According to the oral history of the Jessu, the colonial lord who subdued them annihilated more than half of the people in the town.
Publications.
Newman, Bonnie. 1976. "Deep and surface structure of the Longuda clause."
Newman, Bonnie. 1978. "The Longuda verb."
Newman, John F. 1978. "Participant orientation in Longuda folk tales."
Newman, John F. and Bonnie Newman. 1974. "Longuda."
Newman, John F. and Bonnie Newman. 1977. Longuda dialect survey.
Newman, John F. and Bonnie Newman. 1977. Longuda phonology.

</doc>
<doc id="20411479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411479" title="Hyphen (fanzine)">
Hyphen (fanzine)

Hyphen was an Irish science fiction fanzine published from 1952-1965 by Walt Willis in collaboration with James White, Bob Shaw and various others (Chuck Harris, Vincent Clarke, Arthur Thomson, Ian McAuley and Madeleine Willis). Over that period, they published 36 issues (one including a separate 'Literary Supplement'). In addition, a 37th issue was created by the Willises in 1987 to celebrate the 40th anniversary of Irish science fiction fandom. "Hyphen" was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Fanzine in 1957 and 1959; and for the 1954 Retro Hugo (In 1958 editor Willis was awarded 1958 Hugo Award as 'Outstanding Actifan' fan, which replaced the Best Fanzine category that year.)
"Hyphen" was considered one of the pivotal fanzines of its era for its humour and wit contributed by writers such as Willis and illustrators such as Thomson (aka 'ATom'). Science fiction fan, critic and author Damon Knight wrote in a letter of comment on issue #10: The reason "Hyphen" is so good, I take it, apart from the accidental assemblage of half a dozen geniuses in Britain, and the reason so many serious and constructive fanzines are so ghastly dull, is that the former is an original contribution, and the latter are self-consciously second-hand. I would like you to ponder this thought though, if it hasn't already occurred to you: it's exactly the fun-loving fanzines like "Hyphen", Bradbury's "Futuria Fantasia", and "Snide" (not a plug—the mag's 2nd and final issue was published 14 years ago) which have profoundly influenced science fiction."

</doc>
<doc id="20411489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411489" title="President’s Council on Jobs and Competitiveness">
President’s Council on Jobs and Competitiveness

The President’s Council on Jobs and Competitiveness, originally the President's Economic Recovery Advisory Board, is a panel of non-governmental experts from business, labor, academia and elsewhere that President of the United States Barack Obama created on February 6, 2009. The board reports regularly to Obama and his economic team on possible ways to improve the nation's economy. Obama announced this new board on November 26, 2008, and also announced that it would be chaired by former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker with campaign economic adviser Austan Goolsbee as staff director and chief economist.
Overview.
The board follows the model of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board (PFIAB), which President Dwight Eisenhower established in 1956. Like the PFIAB, the new advisory board is meant to pierce what Obama called the "insularity" of Washington decision-making processes. In announcing the new board, Obama commented that “The walls of the echo chamber can sometimes keep out fresh voices and new ways of thinking -- and those who serve in Washington don’t always have a ground-level sense of which programs and policies are working.”
The PERAB is intended to provide that ground-level sense, and Obama said that this mission is reflected in the board's diverse membership. Paul Krugman, a Nobel laureate in economics and a noted progressive columnist, has argued that, given the centrist makeup of Obama's economic inner circle, the new board could be used to "give progressive economists a voice." He mentioned James K. Galbraith, Larry Mishel of the Economic Policy Institute, Dean Baker, and Jared Bernstein as progressive economists who might be suitable for the board. Bernstein, however, was subsequently named to a full-time administration position as chief economist and economic policy adviser to Vice President Joe Biden.
According to an Obama transition press release, "The Board will be established initially for a two-year term, after which the President will make a determination on whether to continue its existence based on its continued necessity."
Austan Goolsbee, the board's Chief Economist, made an appearance on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart on August 19, 2009 
According to a March 25, 2009 press briefing by OMB Director Peter Orszag, the administration charged PERAB with proposing approaches to three budget related tasks: simplifying taxation, closing tax loopholes and reducing tax evasion, and reducing corporate welfare.
The board was renewed after its charter expired on February 6, 2011, with a new focus on economic competitiveness, with its name changing from The President's Economic Recovery Advisory Board to the President's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness. Volcker was replaced as head of the board by General Electric CEO Jeffrey Immelt
- Volcker is not a part of the reconstituted board and was not consulted about its new makeup.
Council Recommendations.
The Council released an interim report with a series of rcommendations in October 2011. The report included five major initiatives to increase employment while improving competitiveness:
Criticism.
Volcker was said to be disappointed in how the board was used as a public relations tool by the White House, saying that live broadcast of its meetings made honest discussion difficult. According to former U.S. Treasury deputy assistant secretary Joseph Engelhard, “They pretty much used him to look tough on regulation, and now they’re done with him, they’re saying goodbye.”
Members.
The President and Mr. Volcker announced the board's membership on February 6, 2009. Members include:

</doc>
<doc id="20411492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411492" title="Vital Equine">
Vital Equine

Vital Equine (foaled 24 Feb 2004) is a former thoroughbred racehorse and current stallion.
He raced 9 times during his career and was victorious in 3 of them. His first 3 races as a 2 year old were all won, including the Group 2 Champagne Stakes, run at York as Doncaster was being re-developed. Here he beat horses such as Eagle Mountain (Group 2 winner and Group 1 placed on several occasions), and Cockney Rebel and Kirklees who both went on to win at Group 1 level. His final 3 starts as a 2 year old were all in Group 1's where he finished 3rd behind Holy Roman Emperor in the Prix Jean-Luc Lagadere at Longchamp, 5th behind Teofilo and Holy Roman Emperor in the Dewhurst Stakes and a disappointing 8th in the Grand Criterium de Saint-Cloud.
His first start in his 3 year old campaign was in the first Classic of the English season, the 2000 Guinea's. Vital Equine broke well from the stalls and lead the main group on the stands side. At one point he had a commanding led and looked as though he might hold on for victory. However he was overtaken with 1 furlong to go by Cockney Rebel who won, with Vital Equine taking 2nd place. He attempted to reverse the placings with Cockney Rebel in the Irish 2000 Guinea's but after taking the field along again as at Newmarket, he faded to finish 6th. He then had a long break before returning in what would be his final start on the track, when he placed 12th in the Prix de la Foret at Longchamp.
Following his Classic year, Vital Equine was retired to stand at Bearstone Stud in Shropshire at an initial fee of £6000. His stud fee for 2009 was £3500.
Vital Equine was sold in early 2009 and will now stand in the Southern Hemisphere at Touchstone Farm in Western Australia for a stud fee of $8250.00. Western Australia has been a huge region of success for Danetime, the sire of Vital Equine. His Southern Hemisphere foals are due in early August.

</doc>
<doc id="20411513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411513" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Puerto Maldonado">
Apostolic Vicariate of Puerto Maldonado

The Apostolic Vicariate of Puerto Maldonado () is a Roman Catholic apostolic vicariate located in the city of Puerto Maldonado in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="20411531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411531" title="Denise Holt">
Denise Holt

Dame Denise Mary Holt, DCMG (born 1 October 1949 in Vienna, Austria), née Denise Mary Mills, was British Ambassador to Mexico (2002-5) and Spain and Andorra (2007–2009). In 2011 she joined the Board of HSBC Bank plc as a Non-Executive Director. She is a Board member of Ofqual (the examinations regulator in England), a member of the NHS Pay Review Body, and Independent Chair of the nominations committee of the Alzheimer's Society. She is Chair of Trustees of the Anglo-Spanish Society, a member of the Management Council of the Canada Blanch Centre for Contemporary Spanish Studies at the LSE, and Robin Humphrey Fellow at the School of American Studies at the University of London. On the 20th of June 2011, Scottish Power Renewables announced in a press release that they had appointed Dame Denise to their board as a non-executive director.
Denise Holt grew up in Russia, Japan, Lebanon, Netherlands, Iran and Bulgaria. She was educated at New Hall School, Chelmsford, and Bristol University where she studied Spanish, French and Politics.
She joined the Foreign and Commonwealth Office in 1970 as Research Analyst for Spain and Portugal. Overseas postings included Ireland in 1984 where she was First Secretary of the British Embassy in Dublin, followed by a spell as Head of the Central American Section at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (1988–1990). She also served as First Secretary of the British Embassy in Brazil (1991–1993). She was Deputy Head of Eastern Department, responsible for relations with newly independent countries of Central Asia and the Trans Caucasus. In London in 1996 she was appointed as Deputy Director of Human Resources in the FCO (1999–2001) and later Director. Later on in her career she also became Director for Migration and for the Overseas Territories (2005–2007) at the FCO. 
Denise married David Holt in 1987 while they were both serving in the British Embassy in Ireland. They have one son named Patrick Holt.
Already a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG), Holt was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (DCMG) in the 2009 Birthday Honours. Dame Denise was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Laws by Bristol University in July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20411560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411560" title="Chase (1973 TV series)">
Chase (1973 TV series)

Chase is an American television series that aired on the NBC network from September 11, 1973 to August 28, 1974. The show was a production of Jack Webb's Mark VII Limited for Universal Television and marked the first show created by Stephen J. Cannell, who later became known for creating and/or producing his own programs, including NBC's "The A-Team."
Overview.
The show's title had a double meaning: it was at once the first name of the lead character, Chase Reddick (Mitchell Ryan), the leader of a special team of the Los Angeles Police Department that specialized in solving unusually difficult or violent cases, and indicative of the show's emphasis on the determined pursuit and undercover surveillance of hardened criminals. The unit, headquartered in an old firehouse, relied mainly on alternate means of transportation such as helicopters, motorcycles, custom vans, four-wheel-drive vehicles, muscle cars, work trucks (vehicles from the Public Works Department, the telephone company, and/or the Postal Service and civilian delivery services) and high-speed driving to apprehend its suspects. 
For the first fourteen episodes, Reddick, an LAPD captain, was accompanied by K-9 Sergeant Sam MacCray (Wayne Maunder) and three young officers: Steve Baker (Michael Richardson), Norm Hamilton (Reid Smith), and Fred Sing (Brian Fong). In January 1974, Webb and Universal dropped all the regulars except Ryan and Maunder in favor of a new group of officers: Frank Dawson (Albert Reed), Ed Rice (Gary Crosby, who frequently appeared on the other Mark VII shows), and Tom Wilson (Craig Gardner).
NBC first scheduled the show on Tuesdays at 8 p.m. Eastern, opposite CBS' hit series "Maude" and "Hawaii Five-O". At about the same time as the casting change, the network moved "Chase" to Wednesday nights at 8 p.m. against the "Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour." Despite the declining appeal and ratings of the latter (and the couple's forthcoming divorce), "Chase" did no better there and ended after a one-season run. However, Cannell would use the format of a team of specialists in his and Frank Lupo's "The A-Team" a decade later. Robert A. Cinader, who also supervised Mark VII's "Adam-12" and "Emergency!," was executive producer of "Chase."

</doc>
<doc id="20411588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411588" title="Fianshruth">
Fianshruth

The title Fianṡruth (Find) refers to two alphabetically arranged Middle Irish lists of names associated with the Finn Cycle, preserved only in the Yellow Book of Lecan and probably datable to the twelfth century. The lists "A" and "B" are preceded by almost identical introductions. Many of the approximately 170 names do not occur elsewhere in the attested sources, while a number of familiar faces from later tales in the Finn Cycle, such as Fergus finnbél, are missing.
Title.
The title "fian-ṡruth" literally means ‘fian-stream’, which one may render as ‘fían-lore’. As observed by Stern, the word recurs in the Metrical Dindshenchas of Carmun as one of the literary genres to be recited at the Fair of Carmun:
Introduction from List "B".
Except in facsimile, the actual name-lists have not yet seen publication. Ludwig Stern’s edition and German translation of the introduction are as follows (deviations in List "A" are indicated where necessary):

</doc>
<doc id="20411628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411628" title="Dos Lomitas Ranch">
Dos Lomitas Ranch

The Dos Lomitas Ranch, also known as the Rattlesnake Ranch, Blankenship Well and the Gray Ranch, was the first of fifteen ranches and line camps in the Gray family cattle business in the Sonoran Desert country north of the US-Mexico border in Arizona. The ranch is now part of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument. The period of significance begins for the district with the purchase of the water rights for the ranch in 1919 and ends with the death with the last of the three Gray sons, Robert, Jr., in 1976, and the subsequent removal of the last of the Gray's cattle from the monument.
The main ranch house, is regarded as a rare example of the earlier "Sonoran traditional ranch style," characterized by thick adobe walls, whether exposed or stuccoed, beamed ceiling, flat roof and floor of packed earth, often laid out in an L-form. An outbuilding is built of railroad ties covered with corrugated roofing.

</doc>
<doc id="20411638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411638" title="Burana, Kyrgyzstan">
Burana, Kyrgyzstan

Burana is a village in the Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan. It is most famous for the Burana Tower and the associated ruins of Balasagun located near it.

</doc>
<doc id="20411712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411712" title="Rudolf Fischer (musician)">
Rudolf Fischer (musician)

Rudolf Karl Fischer (July 13, 1913, Leipzig - July 29, 2003) was a German pianist, pedagogue and rector at the Felix Mendelssohn College of Music and Theatre in Leipzig.
Biography.
Fischer was rector of the Felix Mendelssohn College of Music and Theatre from 1948 to 1973. He initiated the International Johann Sebastian Bach Competition, Leipzig in 1964 and served as the president of the competition until 1973. Fischer was president of the "Association Européene de Conservatoires, Academies de Musique et Musik-Hochschulen" between 1968 and 1974.
As a performer he played with the Gewandhausorchester, Leipzig and the Staatskapelle Dresden and made several recordings. He was also a member of the Schumann-Gesellschaft, Zwickau and the Neue Bachgesellschaft, Leipzig.

</doc>
<doc id="20411719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411719" title="David W. Garland">
David W. Garland

David Garland is Arthur T. Vanderbilt Professor of Law and Professor of Sociology at New York University. He is well known for his historical and sociological studies of penal institutions and for his contributions to criminology, social theory, and the study of social control. 
Biography.
Born in Dundee, Scotland in 1955, he attended Rosebank Primary School and Harris Academy. In 1977 he graduated from the University of Edinburgh School of Law with an LLB (First Class Honours) and, the following year, from Sheffield University with a postgraduate MA in Criminology. In 1984 he obtained a PhD in Socio-Legal Studies from the University of Edinburgh. From 1979 until 1997 he taught at the University of Edinburgh’s Department of Criminology (which later became the Centre for Law and Society) where he was first a Lecturer, then a Reader, and finally the holder of a Personal Chair in Penology. He has held visiting positions at Leuven University, Belgium and the University of California, Berkeley and is currently a Professorial Fellow at Edinburgh University School of Law. He was a Shelby Cullom Davis Fellow in Princeton University’s history department, the 2012/2013 Douglas McK. Brown Chair in Law at the University of British Columbia, and was a Visiting Global Professor in NYU Law School’s Global Law program. Since 1997, he has been a member of the New York University School of Law faculty, where he holds the Arthur T. Vanderbilt professorship, and also a full professor in the Department of Sociology. 
Garland was the founding editor of the international, interdisciplinary journal "Punishment & Society". He edited the collection "Mass Imprisonment: Social Causes and Consequences" (2001) and, with Richard Sparks, he co-edited "Criminology and Social Theory" (2000). He is the author of an award-winning series of books on punishment and social control - "Punishment and Welfare: A History of Penal Strategies" (1985), "Punishment and Modern Society: A Study in Social Theory" (1990); "The Culture of Control: Crime and Social Order in Contemporary Society" (2001) and "Peculiar Institution: America's Death Penalty in an Age of Abolition" (2010) - as well as a number of articles on the history and character of criminology. In addition, he has written on such topics as postmodernism, governmentality, risk, moral panics, and the concept of culture.
He is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh, a Corresponding Fellow of the British Academy, a Fellow of the American Society of Criminology, and a Fellow-Designate of the Center of Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences in Stanford, CA. and the recipient of the Sellin-Glueck Award (1993), the Michael J. Hindelang Award (2012) and the Edwin H. Sutherland Award (2012) of the American Society of Criminology. In 2006 he was selected for a Guggenheim Fellowship to support his research on capital punishment and American society. In 2009 he was awarded an Honorary Doctorate by the Free University of Brussels. He is currently writing a short sociological introduction to the Welfare State and continuing his research on the American penal state.

</doc>
<doc id="20411727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411727" title="Fusosha Publishing">
Fusosha Publishing


</doc>
<doc id="20411750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411750" title="Norwegian Union of Railway Workers">
Norwegian Union of Railway Workers

The Norwegian Union of Railway Workers (, NJF) is a trade union in Norway. It was formed on 20 November 1892, and mainly organizes workers in Norges Statsbaner—with the exception of locomotive drivers— and the Norwegian National Rail Administration, including related companies such as BaneTele, Nettbuss, Nettlast, Malmtrafik, MiTrans, Mantena, Trafikkservice, CargoNet, Baneservice, Arrive, Ofotbanen AS, NSB Gjøvikbanen and Flytoget.
It is affiliated with the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions (LO), and is a member of the International Transport Workers' Federation.
Former leaders include Ludvik Buland and John Marius Trana.

</doc>
<doc id="20411753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411753" title="I'm Nearly Famous">
I'm Nearly Famous

"I'm Nearly Famous" is a 1976 album by Cliff Richard.
The album was released in May 1976 and was seen very much as a comeback. The album is today considered one of his finest works and is held as the album which brought about Cliff Richard's revival as a major chart act in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Background.
Cliff Richard's career had seen a downward slump in the 1970s compared to his success in the previous decade, culminating in his not hitting the chart at all in 1975 - the first year of his career not to do so. Bruce Welch set about finding new songs for Cliff and was to produce the album which would mark his comeback. The lead single on the album was "Miss You Nights" - regarded by many as his best ever song - and made the UK charts in early 1976, peaking at No.15. 
The follow-up, "Devil Woman" showed a new harder-edged side to Richard's music and became one of his biggest worldwide hits, peaking at No.9 in the UK and becoming his first ever top 10 hit in the US. Third single, "I Can't Ask for Anymore Than You" completed the hat-trick of UK top 20 entries, while the album itself reached No.5 and remained in the charts for 21 weeks - his most successful album for over a decade. It was also his first hit album in the US (peaking at No.76).
The album received rave reviews in the press and received kudos from celebrities such as Elton John and Elizabeth Taylor who wore T-shirts emblazoned with the "I'm Nearly Famous" logo. " Melody Maker " was particularly enthusiastic about the album, with Geoff Brown writing:
Cliff Richard has at last made the sort of album he could, and should, have been making for years. It is with some incredulity that I have to say that for the past ten days I've been playing two albums constantly. One is Marvin Gaye's I Want You. The other is I'm Nearly Famous. The renaissance of Richard, for that is what I believe this album heralds, is long overdue...it is the best album of new songs ever and, if there are enough unprejudiced ears around, could well mark the start of fresh Cliff Richard buying public.
The album was remastered and re-issued on Compact disc in 2001, where it again received rave reviews from "Q Magazine" and "Record Collector" among others.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
Bonus tracks (2001 re-issue):

</doc>
<doc id="20411842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411842" title="Atriplex argentea">
Atriplex argentea

Atriplex argentea is a species of saltbush known by the common names silverscale saltbush and silver orache. It is native to western North America from southern Canada to northern Mexico, where it grows in many types of habitat, generally on saline soils.
Description.
"Atriplex argentea" is an annual herb producing branching stems which spread out low to the ground or reach erect to maximum heights approaching 80 centimeters. The leaves are triangular to roughly oval in shape and 1 to 4 centimeters long. The stems and leaves are coated in gray scales. 
The inflorescences are rough clusters of tiny flowers, with male and female flowers in separate clusters.
Uses.
Among the Zuni people, a poultice of chewed root is applied to sores and rashes. An infusion of the root is also taken for stomachache.

</doc>
<doc id="20411847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411847" title="School corporal punishment">
School corporal punishment

School corporal punishment, an official punishment for misbehaviour by school students, involves striking the student a given number of times in a generally methodical and premeditated ceremony. The punishment is usually administered either across the buttocks or on the hands, with an implement specially kept for the purpose such as a rattan cane, wooden paddle, slipper, leather strap or wooden yardstick. Less commonly, it could also include spanking or smacking the student in a deliberate manner on a specific part of the body with the open hand, especially at the elementary school level.
Advocates of school corporal punishment argue that it provides an immediate response to indiscipline and that the student is quickly back in the classroom learning, rather than being suspended from school. Opponents believe that other disciplinary methods are equally or more effective. Some regard it as tantamount to violence or abuse.
In the United States and the United Kingdom, and generally in the English-speaking world, the use by schools of corporal punishment has historically been covered by the common law doctrine of in loco parentis, whereby a school has the same rights over minors as their parents.
In most places nowadays where it is allowed, corporal punishment in public schools is governed by official regulations laid down by governments or local education authorities, defining such things as the implement to be used, the number of strokes that may be administered, which members of staff may carry it out, and whether parents must be informed or consulted. Depending on how narrowly the regulations are drawn and how rigorously enforced, this has the effect of making the punishment a structured ceremony that is legally defensible in a given jurisdiction and of inhibiting staff from lashing out on the spur of the moment.
The first country in the world to prohibit school corporal punishment was Poland, in 1783.
Geographical scope.
Corporal punishment used to be prevalent in schools in many parts of the world, but in recent decades it has been outlawed in most of Europe and in Canada, Korea, South Africa, New Zealand and several other countries (see list of countries, below). It remains commonplace in a number of countries in Africa, south-east Asia and the Middle East (see list of countries, below).
In the United States, the Supreme Court ruling in "Ingraham v. Wright" (1977) held that school corporal punishment does not violate the "Cruel and Unusual Punishment" clause of the federal Constitution, because that clause applies only to the prison system. The Supreme Court of the United States has not yet judged the practice under other federal law or other Constitutional clauses. Paddling continues to be used to a significant extent in a number of Southern states, though there has been a sharp decline in its incidence over the past 20 years.
In some Asian and African countries where it has been theoretically outlawed, it is still used in practice.
Much of the traditional culture that surrounds corporal punishment in school, at any rate in the English-speaking world, derives largely from British practice in the 19th and 20th centuries, particularly as regards the caning of teenage boys. There is a vast amount of literature on this, in both popular and serious culture. Britain itself outlawed the practice in 1987 for state schools and more recently for all schools.
Many schools in Singapore and Malaysia use caning (for boys) as a routine official punishment for misconduct, as also some African countries. In some Middle Eastern countries whipping is used. In South Korea, male and female secondary students alike are commonly spanked in school. (See list of countries, below.)
In most of continental Europe, school corporal punishment has been banned for several decades, much longer in certain countries. As a formal deliberate ceremony, it seems to have been more common in northern/Protestant countries of Germanic culture than in southern/Catholic countries of Latin culture. Caning was not completely abolished until 1967 in Denmark and 1983 in Germany. (See list of countries, below.)
From the 1917 revolution onwards, corporal punishment was outlawed in Russia and the Soviet Union, because it was deemed contrary to Soviet ideology. Soviet visitors to western schools would express shock at its use. Other communist regimes followed suit: for instance, corporal punishment remains outlawed in present-day North Korea and in mainland China. Meanwhile, communists in other countries such as Britain took the lead in campaigning against school corporal punishment, which they claimed was a symptom of the decadence of capitalist education systems.
Justification and criticism.
Principal of John C. Calhoun Elementary in Calhoun Hills, South Carolina, David Nixon, a supporter of corporal punishment in schools, says that as soon as the student has been punished he can go back to his class and continue learning, in contrast to out-of-school suspension, which removes him from the educational process and gives him a free "holiday".
Philip Berrigan, a Catholic priest, who taught at St. Augustine High School in New Orleans, was another supporter of corporal punishment. Berrigan said that corporal punishment saved much staff time that would otherwise have been devoted to supervising detention classes or in-school suspension, and managing the bureaucracy that goes with these punishments. Parents, too, often complain about the inconvenience occasioned by penalties such as detention or Saturday school.
One argument made against corporal punishments is that some research has shown it to be not as effective as positive means for managing student behaviour. These studies have linked corporal punishment to adverse physical, psychological and educational outcomes including, "increased aggressive and destructive behaviour, increased disruptive classroom behaviour, vandalism, poor school achievement, poor attention span, increased drop-out rate, school avoidance and school phobia, low self-esteem, anxiety, somatic complaints, depression, suicide and retaliation against teacher."
Medical, pediatric or psychological societies opposing school corporal punishment include: the American Medical Association, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the Society for Adolescent Medicine, the American Psychological Association, the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health, the Royal College of Psychiatrists, the Canadian Paediatric Society and the Australian Psychological Society. School corporal punishment is also opposed by the (U.S.) National Association of Secondary School Principals.
The German psychologist Richard von Krafft-Ebing suggested that a tendency to sadism and masochism may develop out of the experience of children receiving corporal punishment at school. But this was disputed by Sigmund Freud, who found that, where there was a sexual interest in beating or being beaten, it developed in early childhood, and rarely related to actual experiences of punishment.
Country by country.
Argentina.
Banned in 1813, corporal punishment was re-legalised in 1817 and punishments by physical pain lasted until the 1980s. The instruments were rebenques, slappings in the face and others.
Australia.
In the state of Victoria, corporal punishment was banned in government schools in 1985 (though not in non-government schools until 2006) and it is banned by law in all schools in New South Wales (1990/1995), the Australian Capital Territory (1997), and Tasmania (1999).
In Queensland (1989), South Australia (1991) and Western Australia (1999-2000) corporal punishment is banned in government schools under ministerial guidelines or local educational policy, but remains lawful in private schools.
In the Northern Territory there is currently no legal prohibition for any schools, government or private.
Austria.
School corporal punishment was banned in 1974.
Burma (Myanmar).
Caning is commonly used by teachers as a punishment in schools.
Canada.
In "Canadian Foundation for Children, Youth and the Law v. Canada" (2004) the Supreme Court outlawed school corporal punishment. In public schools, the usual implement was a rubber/canvas strap applied to the hands, while private schools often used a paddle or cane administered to the student's posterior. In many parts of Canada, 'the strap' had not been used in public schools since the 1970s or even earlier: thus, it has been claimed that it had not been used in Quebec since the 1960s, and in Toronto it was banned in 1971. However, some schools in Alberta had been using the strap up until the ban in 2004.
School Corporal Punishment Bans in Canadian Provinces.
Some Canadian provinces banned corporal punishment in public schools prior to the national ban in 2004. They are, in chronological order by year of provincial ban:
People's Republic of China.
All corporal punishment has been theoretically banned since the communist revolution in 1949. In practice, students are caned or paddled in some schools.
Costa Rica.
All corporal punishment, both in school and in the home, has been banned since 2008.
Czech Republic.
Corporal punishment is outlawed under Article 31 of the Education Act.
Egypt.
A 1998 study found that random physical punishment (not proper formal corporal punishment) was being used extensively by teachers in Egypt to punish behavior they regarded as unacceptable. Around 80% of the boys and 60% of the girls were punished by teachers, using their hands, sticks, straps, shoes, punches and kicks as most common methods of administration. The most common reported injuries were bumps and contusions.
France.
The systematic use of corporal punishment has been absent from French schools since the 19th century. There is no explicit legal ban on it, but in 2008 a teacher was fined for slapping a student.
Germany.
School corporal punishment, historically widespread, was outlawed in different states via their administrative law at different times. It was not completely abolished everywhere until 1983. At the latest since 1993 a corporal punishment by a teacher is a criminal offence. In that year a sentence by the Federal Court of Justice of Germany (NStZ 1993,591) was published which overruled the previous powers enshrined in customary law and upheld by some regional appeal courts ("Oberlandesgericht") even in the 1970s. They assumed a "right of chastisement" was a defense of justification against the accusation of "Causing bodily harm", Section 223 Strafgesetzbuch.
Greece.
Corporal punishment in Greek primary schools was banned in 1998, and in secondary schools in 2005.
India.
Corporal punishment is still used in most of India. The Delhi High Court banned its use in Delhi schools in 2000. 17 out of 28 states claim to apply the ban, though enforcement is lax. A number of social and cultural groups, including Shankaracharya, are campaigning against corporal punishment in India. In many states, corporal punishment is still practised within most schools.
Ireland.
In schools in Ireland, corporal punishment was banned by regulation in 1982, and its use became a criminal offence in 1996.
Italy.
Banned in 1928.
Japan.
Although legally banned in 1947, corporal punishment is still commonly found in schools in the 2010s and particularly widespread in school sports clubs. In late 1987, about 60% of junior high school teachers felt it was necessary, with 7% believing it was necessary in all conditions, 59% believing it should be applied sometimes and 32% disapproving of it in all circumstances; while at elementary (primary) schools, 2% supported it unconditionally, 47% felt it was necessary and 49% disapproved. As recent as December 2012, a high school student committed suicide after having been constantly beaten by his basketball coach. An education ministry survey found that more than 10,000 students received corporal punishment from more than 5,000 teachers across Japan in 2012 fiscal year alone.
Malaysia.
Caning is a common form of discipline in many Malaysian schools. Legally it should be applied only to male students, but the idea of making the caning of girls lawful has recently been debated. This would be applied to the palm of the hand, whereas boys are typically caned across the seat of the trousers. By law in Malaysia, caning must not be done on the bare buttocks i.e. the pupil must not be instructed to drop his trousers before he is caned.
Netherlands.
Banned in 1920.
New Zealand.
Corporal punishment in New Zealand schools was abolished in 1987, but wasn't abolished legislatively until 23 July 1990, when Section 139A of the Education Act 1989 was inserted by the Education Amendment Act 1990. Section 139A prohibits anyone employed by a school or ECE provider, or anyone supervising or controlling students on the school's behalf, from using force by way of correction or punishment towards any student at or in relation to the school or the student under their supervision or control. Teachers who administer corporal punishment can be found guilty of physical assault, resulting in termination and cancellation of teacher registration, and possibly criminal charges, with a maximum penalty of five years' imprisonment.
As enacted, the law had a loophole: parents, provided they were not school staff, could still discipline their children on school grounds. In early 2007, a southern Auckland Christian school was found to be using this loophole to discipline students by corporal punishment, by making the student's parents administer the punishment. This loophole was closed in May 2007 by the Crimes (Substituted Section 59) Amendment Act 2007, which enacted a blanket ban on parents administering corporal punishment to their children.
Norway.
Strongly restricted in 1889. Completely banned in 1936.
Pakistan.
School corporal punishment in Pakistan is not very common in modern educational institutions although it is still used in schools across the rural parts of the country as a means of enforcing student discipline. The method has been criticised by some children's rights activists who claim that many cases of corporal punishment in schools have resulted in physical and mental abuse of schoolchildren. According to one report, corporal punishment is a key reason for school dropouts and subsequently, street children, in Pakistan; as many as 35,000 high school pupils in Pakistan are said to drop out of the education system each year because they have been punished or abused in school.
Philippines.
Corporal punishment is prohibited in private and public schools.
Poland.
In 1783, Poland became the first country in the world to prohibit corporal punishment. Peter Newell assumes that perhaps the most influential writer on the subject was the English philosopher John Locke, whose "Some Thoughts Concerning Education" explicitly criticised the central role of corporal punishment in education. Locke's work was highly influential, and may have helped influence Polish legislators to ban corporal punishment from Poland's schools in 1783.
Russia.
Banned in 1917. Article 336 of the Labor Code of the Russian Federation states that a teacher who has used corporal punishment to a pupil (even once), shall be dismissed.
Singapore.
Corporal punishment is legal in Singapore schools (for male students only), and fully encouraged by the government in order to maintain strict discipline. Only a light rattan cane may be used. This must be administered in a formal ceremony by the school management after due deliberation, not by classroom teachers. Most secondary schools (whether independent, autonomous or government-controlled), and also some primary schools and one or two post-secondary institutions, use caning to deal with misconduct by boys. At the secondary and post-secondary level, the rattan strokes are always delivered to the student's buttocks, and never on the bare buttocks. The Ministry of Education has stipulated a maximum of six strokes per occasion. In some cases the punishment is carried out in front of the rest of the school instead of in private.
South Africa.
The use of corporal punishment in schools was prohibited by the South African Schools Act, 1996. According to section 10 of the act:
In the case of "Christian Education South Africa v Minister of Education" the Constitutional Court rejected a claim that the constitutional right to religious freedom entitles private Christian schools to impose corporal punishment.
South Korea.
Corporal punishment used to be lawful and widely used in South Korean schools. It usually took the form of disciplining the student with a stick that is too rigid and thick to be called a cane in the traditional sense. Other "tools" such as sawn-off billiard cues and hockey sticks are used as well. It is often applied to the student's clothed buttocks, but may also be given on the calves, the soles of the feet, or the front and back of the thighs. Boys and girls alike are frequently punished in this manner by teachers for any offence in school. Government recommendations are that the stick should not be thicker than in diameter and that the number of strokes should not exceed 10. These punishments are typically administered in a classroom or corridor with other students present, and the procedure is generally less formal and premeditated than in some other countries such as Singapore. It is common for several students to receive corporal punishment together.
Recently, the Seoul Metropolitan City, Gangwon Province, Gyonggi Province, North Jeolla Province councils have established ordinances to prohibit corporal punishment of students in elementary, middle, and high schools. This measure has brought mixed reactions.
Spain.
Banned in 1985.
Sweden.
Corporal punishment at school has been prohibited in "folkskolestadgan" (the elementary school ordinance) since 1 January 1958. Its use by ordinary teachers in grammar schools had been outlawed in 1928.
Taiwan.
In 2006 Taiwan made corporal punishment in the school system illegal, but it is still known to be practised (see Corporal punishment in Taiwan).
Thailand.
Corporal punishment in schools is illegal under the Ministry of Education Regulation on Student Punishment (2005) and the National Committee on Child Protection Regulation on Working Procedures of Child Protection Officers Involved in Promoting Behaviour of Students (2005), pursuant to article 65 of the Child Protection Act.
Ukraine.
In Ukraine, "physical or mental violence" against children is forbidden by the Constitution (Art.52.2) and the Law on Education (Art.51.1, since 1991) which states that students and other learners have the right “to the protection from any form of exploitation, physical and psychological violence, actions of pedagogical and other employees who violate the rights or humiliate their honour and dignity”. Standard instructions for teachers provided by the Ministry of Science and Education state that a teacher who has used corporal punishment to a pupil (even once), shall be dismissed.
United Arab Emirates.
A federal law was implemented in 1998 which banned school corporal punishment. The law applied to all schools, both public and private. Any teacher who engages in the practice would not only lose their job and teaching license, but will also face criminal prosecution for engaging in violence against minors and will also face child abuse charges.
United Kingdom.
In state-run schools, and also in private schools where at least part of the funding came from government, corporal punishment was outlawed by Parliament with effect from 1987. In other private schools it was banned in 1999 (England and Wales), 2000 (Scotland) and 2003 (Northern Ireland). In 1993, the European Court of Human Rights held in "Costello-Roberts v. UK" that giving a seven-year-old boy three 'whacks' with a gym shoe over his trousers was not a forbidden degrading treatment.
The implement used in many state and private schools in England and Wales was a flexible rattan cane, applied either to the student's hands or (especially in the case of teenage boys) to the seat of the trousers. Slippering was widely used as a less formal alternative. In a few English cities, a strap was used instead of the cane.
In Scotland a leather strap, the tawse, administered to the palms of the hands, was universal in state schools, but some private schools used the cane.
A 2008 poll of 6,162 UK teachers by the "Times Educational Supplement" found that one in five teachers would still back the use of caning in extreme cases.
United States.
Individual US states have the power to ban corporal punishment in their schools. Currently, it is banned in public schools in 31 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. In two of these states, New Jersey and Iowa, it is illegal in private schools as well. The 19 states that have not banned it are mostly in the South. It is still used to a significant (though declining) degree in some public schools in Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas.
In 1867 New Jersey became the first U.S. state to abolish corporal punishment in schools. The second was Massachusetts 104 years later in 1971. The most recent state to outlaw school corporal punishment was New Mexico in 2011.
Private schools in every state but New Jersey and Iowa are exempt from state bans and may choose to use the paddle. Here too, most of those which actually do so are to be found in Southern states. These are largely, but by no means exclusively, Christian evangelical or fundamentalist schools.
Most urban public school systems, even in states where it is permitted, have abolished corporal punishment. Statistics collected by the federal government show that the use of the paddle has been declining consistently, in all states where it is used, over at least the past 20 years. The anti-spanking campaign "Center for Effective Discipline", extrapolating from federal statistics, estimates that the number of students spanked or paddled in 2006 in U.S. public schools was about 223,000.
Statistics show that black and Hispanic students are more likely to be paddled than white students, possibly because minority-race parents are more inclined to approve of it. However, a study in Kentucky found that minority students were disproportionately targeted by discipline policies generally, not only corporal punishment.
Federal statistics consistently show that around 80% of school paddlings in the U.S. are of boys. This is most commonly thought to be because boys, more often than girls, exhibit the kinds of misbehaviour for which corporal punishment is thought appropriate.
One study has alleged that students with disabilities are "subjected to corporal punishment at disproportionately high rates, approximately twice the rate of the general student population in some States".
Corporal punishment in American schools is administered to the seat of the student's trousers or skirt with a specially made wooden paddle. This often used to take place in the classroom or hallway, but nowadays the punishment is usually given privately in the principal's office.
Most public school districts lay down detailed rules as to how the punishment is to be administered. In many cases these are published in the school's student-parent handbook.
In 1983 a school administrator struggled with a student, trying to force her to bend over a chair to receive a paddling. During the struggle, the student fell against a desk, sustaining a serious injury to her back.
Increasingly, corporal punishment in US schools is, either explicitly or "de facto", a matter of choice for the student. Thus, the rules of the Alexander City Schools provide, "No student is required to submit to corporal punishment." Many school handbooks provide that where a student refuses to submit to a paddling, he or she will receive some other punishment instead, such as suspension. Students are unlikely nowadays to be forcibly restrained while being paddled, as happened in the 1970 case which came to the Supreme Court in 1977 as "Ingraham v. Wright", where the Court deemed the punishment constitutionally permissible, holding that the Cruel and Unusual Punishments Clause of the Eighth Amendment does not apply to disciplinary corporal punishment in public schools and the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment is not offended by the Florida scheme.
Many school districts also offer parents an opportunity to state whether or not they wish corporal punishment to be used on their sons and daughters. Typically, the parents fill out a form which is filed in the school office. In many districts this is an "opt-out" system. In others an "opt-in" system applies, whereby no student is so punished without explicit parental consent.
A bill to end the use of corporal punishment in schools was introduced into the United States House of Representatives in June 2010 during the 111th Congress. The bill, H.R. 5628, was referred to the United States House Committee on Education and Labor where it was not brought up for a vote. As of June 2011 a similar bill has not been re-introduced in the 112th Congress. A previous bill "to deny funds to educational programs that allow corporal punishment" was introduced into the U.S. House of Representatives in 1991 by Representative Major R. Owens. That bill, H.R. 1522, did not become law.
U.S. states banning school corporal punishment.
Thirty-one U.S. states and the District of Columbia have banned corporal punishment from use in state schools. Two states, New Jersey and Iowa, additionally ban the use of corporal punishment in private schools. The states, in chronological order of the year they banned, are:<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20411875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411875" title="Westfield War Memorial Village">
Westfield War Memorial Village

Westfield War Memorial Village (established 1924) is a residence in the City of Lancaster, England. Initially created for ex-service men, women and families after World War I, it continues to provide accommodation for 189 residents.
History.
After the Great War, a national debate was ignited concerning how disabled servicemen from the Great War would support themselves and their families if they could not return to their former trade because of their disabilities. Local newspapers also promoted the idea that ‘the nation owes a debt it should be eager to discharge as far as that is possible’.
It was from a strong backing of public support, including financial help and assistance in erecting the Westfield village, that a Committee for the promotion of a memorial village upon the Westfield site was appointed at Lancaster Town Hall in 1918, using the ideas of Thomas Mawson. In 1919 the Westfield Committee obtained charity status for the project, and published a brochure advertising their intentions, appealing for funds and organising an inaugural ceremony. The brochure explained the benefits and aims of the Westfield scheme, which were to erect a memorial, build cottages for the married disabled ex-servicemen, found a hostel for the unmarried men, and provide workshops and social amenities. It also claimed the village would not just meet difficulties of ‘social reconstruction – the problem of the hour’ but also provide a model of town planning on a small scale for the imitation of other towns. The local connection of the village is reflected in the proposed allocation system – Disabled veterans of the Kings Own Royal Regiment would have first refusal, followed by those of Lancaster District, with all overtones of charity to be strictly avoided . Herbert Storey believed that this memorial village should stand as a tribute to the gallantry and devotion of the men of this regiment and of Lancaster men and women of other branches and services.
Within three weeks of the Armistice, 11 November 1918, Ashton Hall hosted a crowded meeting to decide how Lancaster should commemorate those who served in the Great War. Its concluding resolutions were that a permanent memorial should be established in Lancaster to those who had fallen. The Westfield War memorial village grand opening was 27 November 1924, with the war memorial statue being unveiled two years later; 4 August 1926. It commemorated all those who gave their lives or limbs for their country in the Great War, in particular the men of Lancaster, who served in the King's Own Royal Regiment (Lancaster). Thomas Mawson, a renowned Landscape Architect born in Scorton, near Lancaster, derived the idea of memorial villages to commemorate the fallen in war from an article he read by William Hill, and expanded on this basic principle to include not just housing for the disabled ex-servicemen returning from the war, but also to give them employment in specially built workshops. This was a key addition, due to it being likely in a number of cases that the injuries sustained from war would hinder the ex-servicemen returning to their old occupations, and in some cases make it impossible.
Criticisms of the idea.
Two key criticisms had arisen from the idea of a village for returning servicemen. The first was that ‘inevitably a time would come when there would be no disabled people to live in the village, which may then become derelict’. The other was that the disabled ex-servicemen would not want to be segregated, nor wish to be placed in surroundings which would remind them daily of the Great War. This criticism in particular was taken up by the Ministry of Pensions, who had been unenthusiastic about Mawson’s idea from its beginning.
However, after overwhelming support and offers of assistance, the Westfield Committee was set up, and it soon became clear these two criticisms were not going to stand in the way of the erection of the village. This committee was made up of members such as the Mayor and Mayoress, councillors, Lords and Ladies, prominent local businessmen, members of the armed forces, reverends and doctors. This strong committee guaranteed the success of the scheme in Lancaster because they were able and willing to give financial support to the scheme. The Westfield Committee was also able to gain the support of such women as Mrs Lyell who had the time to dedicate to fundraising for the village. Mrs Lyell organised fundraising events such as what became known as ‘The Lyell Golden Ballot’, that raised over £20,000 for the village, which funded the erection of 31 cottages, including Lyell Terrace.
The bodies that did prove hindrances to the Westfield Committee were the government, the Ministry of Labour and Trade Unions. The government’s refusal of finance for the erection of the village, which was one of Thomas Mawson’s ‘must haves’ was the main issue for the Westfield memorial village to go ahead. However, funding by donation proved to be enough to combat this problem. The Ministry of Labour began in the mid-1920s to restrict the output of the workshops to the promotion of building related skills, as opposed to making such things as watches, pipes and umbrellas which had been progressing steadily. Then, when hostility from local businesses and Trade Unions hit the workshops, they eventually had to be closed down. Local newspapers were constantly in support of the Westfield village; regularly publishing articles promoting the idea, such as one in the Lancashire Daily Post in November 1918 entitled “The Nation owes a debt it should be eager to discharge as far as that is possible.”
World War II.
The Second World War had an effect on the Westfield Village, as interest was once again renewed in it, and also a few extra tenants were placed on waiting list from that war.
Statue memorial.
The statue memorial in the centre of the village illustrates one soldier giving water to a wounded comrade, illustrating Lancaster’s recognition of the efforts and sacrifices made by the men of Lancaster serving in the King's Own Royal Regiment.
Today.
The Westfield war memorial village still exists today, with a waiting list of people wishing to move into the houses in the village; the war memorial statue still stands prominently in the centre of the village. Funding for the erection and maintenance of the village stems completely from donations made by the public. The village was leased in 1987 to a housing association for finance to modernise the houses. Priority is still given to those families of war victims.
Each house in the village has today a plaque outside the front door with information regarding a particular battle or an individual who fought in the war, or a group of fundraisers who paid for the house to be built; in particular the first house built bears the name of Herbert Storey, who gave the Westfield land so that the project could go ahead. The greenery that is present all throughout the village, including the trees which line the streets, each of the gardens owned by their respective houses, and the bowling green signifies healing and rehabilitation, to which it was hoped would aid the recovery of the ex-servicemen living there, as planned by Thomas Mawson. Finally, facilities such as the bowling green and the social club were established as a sign of the effort made to help reconstruct the lives of the ex-servicemen, and also as a gesture of thanks from the people of Lancaster.

</doc>
<doc id="20411895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411895" title="Eli Durante">
Eli Durante

Eli Durante is a retired Brazilian association football player who played in the North American Soccer League from 1967 to 1975.
In 1967, Durante moved to the United States and signed with the Los Angeles Toros of the National Professional Soccer League. He was the league's third leading scorer that season. At the end of the season, the NPSL merged with the United Soccer Association to form the North American Soccer League and the Toros moved to San Diego. Durante played six games with the Toros before moving to the St. Louis Stars. In 1969, Durante signed with the Kansas City Spurs as it won the league title. The Spurs folded at the end of the 1970 season and Durante moved to the Rochester Lancers where he spent the last five seasons of his career. After retiring from soccer, Durante returned to Kansas City where he lived before buying Florida Forklift Supply, LLC in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20411897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411897" title="Refractory period">
Refractory period


</doc>
<doc id="20411923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411923" title="Hank Wilson">
Hank Wilson

Henry "Hank" Wilson (April 29, 1947, Sacramento, California – November 9, 2008, San Francisco, California) was a longtime San Francisco LGBT rights activist and long term AIDS activist and survivor. The "Bay Area Reporter" noted that "over more than 30 years, he played a pivotal role in San Francisco's LGBT history." He grew up in Sacramento, and graduated with a B.A. in education from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1971.
LGBT activism.
Wilson founded or co-founded many organizations, including the Gay Teachers Coalition; the Butterfly Brigade, which became the Castro Street Safety Patrol; San Francisco Gay Democratic Club, which became the Harvey Milk Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender Democratic Club; the Tenderloin AIDS Network, which became Tenderloin AIDS Resource Center; the PWA Coalition; Mobilization Against AIDS; a film festival that grew into the Frameline Film Festival; the AIDS Candlelight Vigil, which became the International AIDS Candlelight Memorial; the Committee to Monitor Poppers and ACT UP/Golden Gate, which became Survive AIDS.
Political and artistic career.
With Tom Ammiano and Ron Lanza, Wilson co-founded the Gay Teachers Coalition in 1975 and lobbied against discrimination for gay teachers in the San Francisco schools. A leader in the 1977 anti-Briggs Initiative (No on 6) campaign, Wilson worked extensively with gay issues in the San Francisco Unified School District. He served on the Gay Youth Advocacy Council which founded Lavender Youth Recreation and Information Center (LYRIC). He also served on the San Francisco Human Rights Commission's Youth and Education Committee and also launched with Ammiano a gay speakers bureau to educate San Francisco high school and middle school students about gay and lesbian issues. In 1976 he helped found the Butterfly Brigade, Castro Street Safety Patrol, and Carry a Whistle Defense Campaign.
Wilson was a founder of the Harvey Milk Gay Democratic Club.
In 1978, he started a business partnership with fellow activist Ron Lanza, which led to leasing four Tenderloin hotels. He operated the Ambassador Hotel in San Francisco's Tenderloin through 1996 and it became a model of harm reduction services housing PWAs. In 1982, Lanza and Wilson created the Valencia Rose Cafe, an influential gay cabaret and performance venue, which featured musicians and comedians such as Marga Gomez, Whoopi Goldberg, Lea DeLaria, and Ammiano. With Glenda Hope and Dennis Conkin he founded Tenderloin AIDS Network that led to the Tenderloin AIDS Resource Center (TARC). Wilson managed the TARC drop-in center, providing support to the homeless and PWAs. He was diagnosed with Kaposi's sarcoma in 1987. He continued his activism in AIDS and participated in many demonstrations.
In 1981 he founded the Committee to Monitor Poppers to educate the gay community about the supposed hazards of using poppers. Wilson co-authored a book with John Lauritsen entitled "Death Rush: Poppers and AIDS" (New York: Pagan Press, 1986), in which they conjectured a later disproven connection between poppers and AIDS, especially Kaposi's sarcoma, an AIDS-related cancer. 
In 1999, Wilson was an instigator of efforts to gather signatures to qualify Ammiano as a write-in candidate for the 1999 San Francisco mayoral election. Ammiano got enough votes in the general election to force incumbent mayor Willie Brown into a runoff.
Wilson was a candidate for the San Francisco Board of Supervisors in the 2000 election, which marked the return of district elections, which had been abolished in the wake of the assassinations of Harvey Milk and George Moscone. He ran for District 6 but did not win.
On November 9, 2008, Wilson died of lung cancer at Ralph K. Davies Medical Center in San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="20411954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411954" title="Kevin Eagan">
Kevin Eagan

Kevin Eagan is a retired American soccer defender who played in the North American Soccer League.
Eagan attended the University of South Florida, playing on the men's soccer team from 1973 to 1977. In January 1977, the Tampa Bay Rowdies selected Eagan in the North American Soccer League draft. The Rowdies released him at the end of 1978 and he signed as a free agent with the New York Cosmos in 1979. He moved to the Tulsa Roughnecks in 1980 and played both indoor and outdoor seasons with them.

</doc>
<doc id="20411989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20411989" title="Manfred Schönfelder">
Manfred Schönfelder

Manfred Schönfelder (18 March 1912 — 4 March 1983) was an "Obersturmbannführer" (lieutenant colonel) in the Waffen-SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Biography.
Manfred Schönfelder was born on the 18 March 1912 at Hellerau near Dresden. After completing his high school education, he joined the SS and was one of the first members to attend the "SS-Junkerschule" at Bad Tölz.
After graduation he was promoted to "Untersturmführer" (second lieutenant) and posted to the SS Standarte "Deutschland". He eventually became the Adjutant of the III. Battalion "Deutschland" Regiment and commander of the 12th Machine Gun Company, during the Polish Campaign and the Battle of France.
In February 1941 he was given command of the "Germania" Regiment for the invasion of Russia, (Operation Barbarossa). From September 1942 to January 1943 he was on the staff of the 5th SS Panzer Division Wiking.
During fighting at the Cherkassy pocket, Schönfelder prevented the loss of the entire division's artillery, which enabled them to hold out for a further 24 hours and then made it possible for the division to withdraw over the rough terrain.
They were also able to hold back the Russians, prevent the division from being trapped and allow them to breakout. For these actions on the 23rd February 1944 Manfred Schönfelder was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Manfred Schönfelder survived the war and died on 4 March 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20412009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412009" title="Day of the Imprisoned Writer">
Day of the Imprisoned Writer

The Day of the Imprisoned Writer is an annual, international day intended to recognize and support writers who resist repression of the basic human right to freedom of expression and who stand up to attacks made against their right to impart information. This day is observed each year on November 15. It was started in 1981 by International PEN's Writers in Prison Committee. 
In addition to increasing the public's awareness of persecuted writers in general, PEN uses the Day of the Imprisoned Writer to direct attention to several specific persecuted or imprisoned writers and their individual circumstances. Each of the selected writers is from a different part of the world, and each case represents circumstances of repression that occur when governments or other entities in power feel threatened by what writers have written. On this day, the general public is encouraged to take action—in the form of donations and letters of appeal--on behalf of the selected writers. 
The day also serves to commemorate all of the writers killed since the previous year's Day of the Imprisoned Writer. Between November 15, 2007 and November 15, 2008, at least 39 writers from around the world were killed in circumstances that appeared to be related to their professions.
Highlighted writers from past observances of the Day of the Imprisoned Writer.
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004

</doc>
<doc id="20412019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412019" title="Ilse Stanley">
Ilse Stanley

Ilse (Intrator) Stanley ("née" Ilse Davidsohn), ( – ), was a German Jewish woman who, with the collusion of a handful of people ranging from Nazi members of the Gestapo to other Jewish civilians, secured the release of 412 Jewish prisoners from concentration camps between 1936 and 1938.
During that time she also helped countless others leave the country while it was still possible for German Jews to do so legally. This story was sketched publicly in 1955 on Ralph Edwards's television program, "This Is Your Life", and is told in vivid detail in Stanley's autobiographical book, "The Unforgotten", which was published in the United States during 1957.
Early life.
Ilse was born in 1906 in the small mining town of Gleiwitz, Germany. The family moved to Berlin when her father, Magnus Davidsohn, was named as the main cantor at the new Fasanenstraße Synagogue being built in the Charlottenburg section of Berlin. The first time she entered the still-unfinished building, Ilse fell deeply in love with this synagogue (which she called "my House") and her life became thoroughly entwined with this synagogue. As a child of six she had the honor of presenting flowers to the German Emperor, Kaiser Wilhelm, when he came to dedicate the new temple, which opened on August 26, 1912.
Ilse graduated from the Auguste-Victoria-Schule (in Charlottenburg) at the age of fifteen. After graduation she continued to study theatre history and theatre science at the Theatre Science Institute and at the Berlin University, while working part-time as a bookkeeper and office manager. Later she studied acting and directing at the Max Reinhardt's Deutsches Theater (Berlin) and elsewhere. Using the stage name "Ilse Davis", her primary interest was in acting on the stage, although she also played bit parts in several films, including Fritz Lang's "Metropolis". Her interest and ambition broadened to include directing and producing, and in 1929, just after turning twenty, she opened her own theatre organization. In this endeavor she handled everything from theatre production, promotion and publicity, to public relations; she also ran an Academy where entrants were taught acting, directing, and production.
Her acting career ended abruptly in 1933, however, as increasing pressure was put on the Jews by Hitler and his Third Reich and she was no longer able to rent theatres and concert halls. For the next three years, until 1936, she gave recital tours, speaking to her fellow Jews "wherever I was permitted to speak."
Concentration camps.
Unable to work at what she loved, and having no hope for matters to improve in the foreseeable future, Ilse became quite discouraged. In 1936, an unexpected set of circumstances led to her making a trip to Sachsenhausen concentration camp, posing as a social worker and under an assumed name. With falsified release papers, she secured the liberation of her cousin's husband.
Having succeeded with this ruse on her first attempt, she continued rescue work for two more years. In order to have a cover-up office from which to do her work, and to provide a legitimate front for getting people out of Germany, she took a volunteer position with the vice-president of the Jewish Community, whom she calls "Mr. Gross" in her book. She worked in the Passports Office, on "the most hopeless" cases. In addition to working out passport issues for people and enabling many Jews to leave the country, she continued her trips to the camps, ultimately securing the release of 412 people before the devastating events of Kristallnacht (November 9, 1938).
Kristallnacht and after: late 1938 and 1939.
After Kristallnacht, when more than 200 synagogues all over Germany—including Ilse's beloved "House"—were torched and destroyed, the situation worsened dramatically. By 1939 the Jewish population of Berlin, which had numbered 160,000 in 1933, had dwindled to 75,000. Trips to the camps were out of the question, but Ilse continued helping Jews leave the country legally. She kept in contact with "Fritz", and when the Gestapo began interviewing people planning to leave Germany in order to try to prevent them from leaving, he found a way to warn her. Finally, very reluctantly, Ilse realized that she, along with her family, needed to leave Germany. They left separately: first her father, in March 1939, then her husband, then Ilse and her son Manfred.
Five days before Ilse's planned departure, her mother was summoned to the Gestapo on Alexanderplatz. Ilse went in her stead. (Once again, her acting past unexpectedly surfaced: the younger of the two interrogators recognized her.) After her mother's situation was clarified, Ilse made a near-fatal mistake: she mentioned her own impending departure. Questioning ensued, and, having nothing to lose, Ilse spoke quietly and openly. She spoke of living in fear since Kristallnacht, and of the need to live without such fear. Then she talked about presenting flowers to the Emperor at the age of six, about Kaiser Wilhelm's abdication and flight from Germany on November 9, 1918, and about Kristallnacht, which happened exactly twenty years after the Emperor's flight (November 9, 1938). One of her two interrogators broke down sobbing. She was allowed to leave the office, and three days latervisa issued 17 April 1939(ref name=passengerlist), but I think that came before the interview, I'm guessing -->, she and Manfred left for England. After a brief stop there, they sailed from Southampton on the "SS Deutschland" on August 4, 1939, arriving in the U.S. on August 11.
Life in the United States.
In her later years she moved to Boston, and then to New Hampshire, where she worked as an auctioneer. She died in Boston in 1970 and is buried in Gilford, New Hampshire in the Smith Meeting House cemetery.
Recognition.
Ilse's work extracting prisoners from the concentration camps has not received much public recognition. A notable exception to this is the 1955 episode of the American television program "This is Your Life", featuring Ilse and in particular her rescue work. On that program she was reunited with her father, Magnus Davidsohn, who had been living in England since he left Germany in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20412062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412062" title="Alyson Huber">
Alyson Huber

Alyson Huber (born March 1, 1972) is an American politician who served in the California State Assembly. She is a Democrat.
Election.
For over three weeks after the November 2008 election, Huber was behind in the vote count; however, after provisional ballots from Sacramento County were counted, she was declared the winner on November 26, 2008. The final count showed she had defeated Jack Sieglock, a Republican and a San Joaquin County Supervisor, by 474 votes. Sieglock had already attended the orientation for new Assembly members when he learned he hadn't won. 
In 2010, Sieglock unsuccessfully challenged Huber for the same seat—Huber 52.0%, Sieglock 42.7%.
Huber declined to seek reelection in 2012.
Education.
Huber graduated from Lodi High School in Lodi, California.
She started her college career at San Joaquin Delta College in Stockton, transferring to California State University, Chico and then to Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, where she received her undergraduate degree.
Huber received her law degree from the University of California, Hastings College of the Law, San Francisco.
Family.
Huber lives in El Dorado Hills with her two children. She is separated from and is currently seeking a divorce from her husband Tim.
Awards and honors.
Huber was named 2010's "Legislator of the Year" by the California Small Business Association. In 2009, the California State Sheriff's Association recognized her as an "Outstanding Legislator".

</doc>
<doc id="20412094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412094" title="To Lose My Life...">
To Lose My Life...

To Lose My Life... (also known by extended title of To Lose My Life or Lose My Love, or shortened as To Lose My Life) is the debut album by the British Indie rock band White Lies. It was released on 19 January 2009, through Fiction Records. The album was produced by Ed Buller and Max Dingel, between ICP Studios in Belgium and Kore Studios in London.
The album produced four singles; "Unfinished Business", "Death" and "To Lose My Life", prior to its release, and "Farewell to the Fairground" in the months following. "Death" was re-issued in June 2009, with "From the Stars" appearing as iTunes's "Single of the Week" during December 2008. The album was released in the United States on 17 March 2009.
History and production.
The album was recorded at ICP Studios in Brussels, Belgium, and Kore Studios, Acton, west London. It was produced by Ed Buller and Max Dingel, who have previously worked with Suede, The Killers and Glasvegas. Further mixing was completed by Alan Moulder. The album includes a 20-piece orchestra, later stated as a 25-piece, composed by Buller. Upon entering the studio, the band only had five early demo versions of tracks "Death", "E.S.T.", "Farewell to the Fairground", "From the Stars" and "Unfinished Business"; the rest were written and recorded during studio time.
Promotion and release.
On 22 September 2008, the band played nine of the ten released tracks at Manchester's Night and Day Café. Reviewing the gig, "NME" described the album by its provisional title of "To Lose My Life Or Lose My Love".
The album was released on 19 January 2009 in the United Kingdom on CD and 12-inch vinyl, as well as in a number of other limited edition forms including one housed in a green cardboard box. Pre-orders bought from online retailer Play.com were packaged in a slipcase exclusive to that website, whilst the iTunes Store released the album with a number of bonus tracks and remixes previously only found as b-sides. White Lies' official website packaged the first 500 purchases with a green companion booklet, containing studio pictures and individual essays written by members of the band and production team. The site also published the album in a deluxe boxset, which contained the album on six 7-inch vinyls, along with an extra 7" containing demo versions of "The Price of Love" and "Nothing to Give". On 13 February 2009, the band announced the release of an instrumental version of the album, free with iTunes and physical purchases. The album's artwork was nominated alongside 49 others for Best Art Vinyl 2009 by website artvinyl.com. Finishing seventh in the overall poll, the artwork was displayed in multiple exhibitions in Birmingham and London during November 2009.
On 17 April 2010, the band released "The Remixes", an EP containing remixes of songs from "To Lose My Life...". The five track EP was limited to 500 copies and released as part of Record Store Day 2009.
Reception.
Critical.
Initial critical response for "To Lose My Life..." was mixed. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received an average score of 58, based on 17 reviews.
Chart performance.
"To Lose My Life..." debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart, became the first British act in 2009 to achieve a number one album, and the first album to debut at number one. Worldwide, the album charted in eleven countries, including six top-40 positions in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20412121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412121" title="Depictions of Muhammad">
Depictions of Muhammad

The permissibility of depictions of Muhammad, the founder of Islam, has long been a concern in the religion's history. Oral and written descriptions are readily accepted by all traditions of Islam, but there is disagreement about visual depictions. The Quran does not explicitly forbid images of Muhammad, but there are a few hadith (supplemental teachings) which have explicitly prohibited Muslims from creating visual depictions of figures.
Most Sunni Muslims believe that visual depictions of all the prophets of Islam should be prohibited and are particularly averse to visual representations of Muhammad. The key concern is that the use of images can encourage idolatry. In Shia Islam, however, images of Muhammad are quite common nowadays, even though Shia scholars historically were against such depictions. Still, many Muslims who take a stricter view of the supplemental traditions will sometimes challenge any depiction of Muhammad, including those created and published by non-Muslims.
The question of whether images in Islamic art, including those depicting Muhammad, can be considered as religious art remains a matter of contention among scholars. They appear in illustrated books that are normally works of history or poetry, including those with religious subjects; the Qu'ran is never illustrated: "context and intent are essential to understanding Islamic pictorial art. The Muslim artists creating images of Muhammad, and the public who beheld them, understood that the images were not objects of worship. Nor were the objects so decorated used as part of religious worship". However, scholars concede that such images have "a spiritual element", and were also sometimes used in informal religious devotions celebrating the day of the Mi'raj. Many visual depictions only show Muhammad with his face veiled, or symbolically represent him as a flame; other images, notably from before about 1500, show his face. However, depictions of Muhammad were rare, never numerous in any community or era throughout Islamic history, appearing almost entirely in the private medium of Persian and other miniature book illustration. The key medium of public religious art in Islam was and is calligraphy.
Background.
Some major religions have experienced times during their history when images of their religious figures were forbidden. In Judaism, one of the Ten Commandments forbids "graven images". In Byzantine Christianity during the period of Iconoclasm in the 8th century, and again during the 9th century, visual representations of sacred figures were forbidden, and only the Cross could be depicted in churches. Even in modern times, different groups of Protestant Christians have had disputes about the appropriateness of having religious icons of saints. The concern generally boils down to the concept of whether or not the image is becoming more important than what is being represented. In Islam, although nothing in the Qur'an explicitly bans images, some supplemental hadith explicitly ban the drawing of images of any living creature; other hadith tolerate images, but never encourage them. Hence, most Muslims avoid visual depictions of Muhammad or any other prophet such as Moses or Abraham.
Portraiture of Muhammad in Islamic literature.
A number of "hadith" and other writings of the early Islamic period include stories in which portraits of Muhammad appear. Abu Hanifa Dinawari, Ibn al-Faqih, Ibn Wahshiyya and Abu Nu`aym tell versions of a story in which the Byzantine Emperor Heraclius is visited by two Meccans. He shows them a cabinet, handed down to him from Alexander the Great and originally created by God for Adam, each of whose drawers contains a portrait of a prophet. They are astonished to see a portrait of Muhammad in the final drawer. Sadid al-Din al-Kazaruni tells a similar story in which the Meccans are visiting the king of China. Kisa'i tells that God did indeed give portraits of the prophets to Adam. Ibn Wahshiyya and Abu Nu'ayn tell a second story in which a Meccan merchant visiting Syria is invited to a Christian monastery where a number of sculptures and paintings depict prophets and saints. There he sees the images of Muhammad and Abu Bakr, as yet unidentified by the Christians. In an 11th-century story, Muhammad is said so have sat for a portrait by an artist retained by Sassanid king Kavadh II. The king liked the portrait so much that he placed it on his pillow.
Later, Al-Maqrizi tells a story in which Muqawqis, ruler of Egypt, meets with Muhammad's envoy. He asks the envoy to describe Muhammad and checks the description against a portrait of an unknown prophet which he has on a piece of cloth. The description matches the portrait.
In a 17th-century Chinese story, the king of China asks to see Muhammad, but Muhammad instead sends his portrait. The king is so enamoured of the portrait that he is converted to Islam, at which point the portrait, having done its job, disappears.
Depiction by Muslims.
Verbal descriptions.
In one of the earliest sources, Ibn Sa'd's "Kitab al-Tabaqat al-Kabir", there are numerous verbal descriptions of Muhammad. One description sourced to Ali ibn Abi Talib is as follows:
Athar Husain gives a non-pictorial description of his appearance, dress, etc. in "The Message of Mohammad". According to Husain, Muhammad was a little taller than average, sturdily built, and muscular. His fingers were long. His hair, which was long, had waves, and he had a thick beard, which had seventeen gray hairs at the time of his death. He had good teeth and spare cheeks, and brownish-black eyes. His complexion was fair and he was very handsome. He walked fast with firm gait. He always kept himself busy with something, did not speak unnecessarily, always spoke to the point and without verbosity, and did not behave in an emotional way. He usually wore a shirt, trousers, a sheet thrown round the shoulders, and a turban, all spotlessly clean, rarely wearing the fine clothes that had been presented to him. He wanted others to wear simple, but always clean, clothes.
From the Ottoman period onwards such texts have been presented on calligraphic "hilya" panels (Turkish: "hilye", pl. "hilyeler"), commonly surrounded by an elaborate frame of illuminated decoration and either included in books or, more often, muraqqas or albums, or sometimes placed in wooden frames so that they can hang on a wall. The elaborated form of the calligraphic tradition was founded in the 17th century by the Ottoman calligrapher Hâfiz Osman. While containing a concrete and artistically appealing description of Muhammad's appearance, they complied with the strictures against figurative depictions of Muhammad, leaving his appearance to the viewer's imagination. The Ottoman "hilye" format customarily starts with a basmala, shown on top, and is separated in the middle by : "And We have not sent you but as a mercy to the worlds". The four circles often contain the names of the Rightly-Guided Caliphs, Abu Bakr, Umar, Uthman, and Ali, each followed by "radhi Allahu anhu" ("may God be pleased with him"). 
Calligraphic representations.
The most common visual representation of the Muhammad in Islamic art, especially in Arabic-speaking areas, is by a calligraphic representation of his name, a sort of monogram in roughly circular form, often given a decorated frame. Such inscriptions are normally in Arabic, and may rearrange or repeat forms, or add a blessing or honorific, or for example the word "messenger" or a contraction of it. The range of ways of representing Muhammad's name is considerable, including ambigrams; he is also frequently symbolised by a rose.
The more elaborate versions relate to other Islamic traditions of special forms of calligraphy such as those writing the names of God, and the secular tughra or elaborate monogram of Ottoman rulers.
Figurative visual depictions.
Throughout Islamic history, depictions of Muhammad in Islamic art were rare. According to Christiane Gruber, there exists a "notable corpus of images of Muhammad produced, mostly in the form of manuscript illustrations, in various regions of the Islamic world from the thirteenth century through modern times". Depictions of Muhammad date back to the start of the tradition of Persian miniatures as illustrations in books. The illustrated book from the Persianate world ("Warka and Gulshah", Topkapi Palace Library H. 841, attributed to Konya 1200–1250) contains the two earliest known Islamic depictions of Muhammad. This book dates to before or just around the time of the Mongol invasion of Anatolia in the 1240s, and before the campaigns against Persia and Iraq of the 1250s, which destroyed great numbers of books in libraries. Recent scholarship has noted that, although surviving early examples are now uncommon, generally human figurative art was a continuous tradition in Islamic lands (such as in literature, science, and history); as early as the 8th century, such art flourished during the Abbasid Caliphate (c. 749 - 1258, across Spain, North Africa, Egypt, Syria, Turkey, Mesopotamia, and Persia).
Gruber traces a development from "veristic" images showing the whole body and face, in the 13th to 15th centuries, to more "abstract" representations in the 16th to 19th centuries, the latter including the representation of Muhammad by a special type of calligraphic representation, with the older types also remaining in use. An intermediate type, first found from about 1400, is the "inscribed portrait" where the face of Muhammad is blank, with "Ya Muhammad" ("O Muhammad") or a similar phrase written in the space instead; these may be related to Sufi thought. In some cases the inscription appears to have been an underpainting that would later be covered by a face or veil, so a pious act by the painter, for his eyes alone, but in others it was intended to be seen. According to Gruber, a good number of these paintings, however, underwent later iconoclastic mutilations, in which the facial features of Muhammad were scratched or smeared, as Muslim views on the acceptability of veristic images changed. 
A number of extant Persian manuscripts representing Muhammad date from the Ilkhanid period under the new Mongol rulers, including a "Marzubannama" dating to 1299. The Ilkhanid MS Arab 161 of 1307/8 contains 25 illustrations found in an illustrated version of Al-Biruni's "The Remaining Signs of Past Centuries", of which five include depictions Muhammad, including the two concluding images, the largest and most accomplished in the manuscript, which emphasize the relation of Muhammad and `Ali according to Shi`ite doctrine. According to Christiane Gruber, other works use images to promote Sunni Islam, such as a set of Mi'raj illustrations (MS H 2154) in the early 14th century, although other historians have dated the same illustrations to the Jalayrid period of Shia rulers. 
Depictions of Muhammad are also found in Persian manuscripts in the following Timurid and Safavid dynasties, and Turkish Ottoman art in the 14th to 17th centuries, and beyond. Perhaps the most elaborate cycle of illustrations of Muhammad's life is the copy, completed in 1595, of the 14th-century biography "Siyer-i Nebi" commissioned by the Ottoman sultan Murat III for his son, the future Mehmed III, containing over 800 illustrations.
Probably the commonest narrative scene represented is the Mi'raj; according to Gruber, "There exist countless single-page paintings of the meʿrāj included in the beginnings of Persian and Turkish romances and epic stories produced from the beginning of the 15th century to the 20th century". These images were also used in celebrations of the anniversary of the Mi'raj on 27 Rajab, when the accounts were recited aloud to male groups: "Didactic and engaging, oral stories of the ascension seem to have had the religious goal of inducing attitudes of praise among their audiences". Such practices are most easily documented in the 18th and 19th centuries, but manuscripts from much earlier appear to have fulfilled the same function. Otherwise a large number of different scenes may be represented at times, from Muhammad's birth to the end of his life, and his existence in Paradise.
In the earliest depictions Muhammad may be shown with or without a halo, the earliest halos being round in the style of Christian art, but before long a flaming halo or aureole in the Buddhist or Chinese tradition becomes more common than the circular form found in the West, when a halo is used. A halo or flame may surround only his head, but often his whole body, and in some images the body itself cannot be seen for the halo. This "luminous" form of representation avoided the issues caused by "veristic" images, and could be taken to convey qualities of Muhammad's person described in texts. If the body is visible, the face may be covered with a veil (see gallery for examples of both types). This form of representation, which began at the start of the Safavid period in Persia, was done out of reverence and respect. Other prophets of Islam, and Muhammad's wives and relations, may be treated in similar ways if they also appear.
T. W. Arnold (1864–1930), an early historian of Islamic art, stated that "Islam has never welcomed painting as a handmaid of religion as both Buddhism and Christianity have done. Mosques have never been decorated with religious pictures, nor has a pictorial art been employed for the instruction of the heathen or for the edification of the faithful." Comparing Islam to Christianity, he also writes: "Accordingly, there has never been any historical tradition in the religious painting of Islam – no artistic development in the representation of accepted types – no schools of painters of religious subjects; least of all has there been any guidance on the part of leaders of religious thought corresponding to that of ecclesiastical authorities in the Christian Church."
Images of Muhammad remain controversial to the present day, and are not considered acceptable in many countries in the Middle East. For example in 1963 an account by a Turkish author of a Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca was banned in Pakistan because it contained reproductions of miniatures showing Muhammad unveiled.
Contemporary Iran.
Despite the ban on the representation of Muhammad, images of Mohammed are not uncommon in Iran. The Iranian Shi'ism seems more tolerant on this point than Sunnite orthodoxy. In Iran, depictions have considerable acceptance to the present day, and may be found in the modern forms of the poster and postcard.
Since the late 1990s, experts in Islamic iconography discovered images, printed on paper in Iran, portraying Mohammed as a teenager wearing a turban. There are several variants, all show the same face juvenile, identified by an inscription such as "Muhammad, the Messenger of God", or a more detailed legend referring to an episode in the life of Muhammad and the supposed origin of the image. Some Iranian versions of these posters attributed the original depiction to a Bahira, a Christian monk who met the young Muhammad in Syria. By crediting the image to a Christian and predating it to the time before Muhammad became a prophet, the manufacturers of the image exonerate themselves from any wrongdoing.
The motif was taken from a photograph of a young Tunisian taken by the Germans Rudolf Franz Lehnert and Ernst Heinrich Landrock in 1905 or 1906, which had been printed in high editions on picture post cards till 1921. This depiction has been popular in Iran as a form of curiosity.
Cinema.
Very few films have been made about Muhammad. The 1976 film "The Message", also known as "Mohammad, Messenger of God", focused on other persons and never directly showed Muhammad or most members of his family. A devotional cartoon called "" was released in 2004. While Sunni Muslims have always explicitly prohibited the depiction of Muhammad on film, contemporary Shi'a scholars have taken a more relaxed attitude, stating that it is permissible to depict Muhammad, even in television or movies, if done with respect.
Depiction by non-Muslims.
Western representations of Muhammad were very rare until the explosion of images following the invention of the printing press; he is shown in a few medieval images, normally in an unflattering manner, often influenced by his brief mention in Dante. Muhammad figures frequently in depictions of influential people in world history. Such depictions tend to be favourable or neutral in intent; one example can be found at the United States Supreme Court building in Washington, D.C.. Created in 1935, the frieze includes major historical lawgivers, and places Muhammad alongside Hammurabi, Moses, Confucius, and others. In 1997, a controversy erupted surrounding the frieze, and tourist materials have since been edited so they call the depiction "a well-intentioned attempt by the sculptor to honor Muhammad" that "bears no resemblance to Muhammad." In 1955, a statue of Muhammad was removed from a courthouse in New York City after the ambassadors of Indonesia, Pakistan, and Egypt requested its removal. The extremely rare representations of Muhammad in monumental sculpture are especially likely to be offensive to Muslims, as the statue is the classic form for idols, and a fear of any hint of idolatry is the basis of Islamic prohibitions. Islamic art has almost always avoided large sculptures of any subject, especially free-standing ones; only a few animals are known, mostly fountain-heads, like those in the Lion Court of the Alhambra; the Pisa Griffin is perhaps the largest. 
There have also been numerous book illustrations showing Muhammad.
Dante, in "The Divine Comedy: Inferno", placed Muhammad in Hell, with his entrails hanging out (Canto 28):
This scene is frequently shown in illustrations of the "Divina Commedia". Muhammad is represented in a 15th-century fresco "Last Judgement" by Giovanni da Modena and drawing on Dante, in the Church of San Petronio, Bologna, Italy. and artwork by Salvador Dalí, Auguste Rodin, William Blake, and Gustave Doré.
Controversies in the 21st century.
The start of the 21st century has been marked by controversies over depictions of Muhammad, not only for recent caricatures or cartoons, but also regarding the display of historical artwork. 
In a story on morals at the end of the millennium in December 1999, the German news magazine "Der Spiegel" printed on the same page pictures of “moral apostles” Muhammad, Jesus, Confucius, and Immanuel Kant. In the subsequent weeks, the magazine received protests, petitions and threats against publishing the picture of Muhammad. The Turkish TV-station Show TV broadcast the telephone number of an editor who then received daily calls. Nadeem Elyas, leader of the Central Council of Muslims in Germany said that the picture shouldn't be printed again to avoid hurting the feelings of Muslims intentionally. Elyas recommended to whiten the face of Muhammad instead. In June 2001, the "Spiegel" with consideration of Islamic laws published a picture of Mohammed with a whitened face on its title page. The same picture of Muhammad by Hosemann had been published by the magazine once before in 1998 in a special edition on Islam, but then without evoking similar protests.
In 2002, Italian police reported that they had disrupted a terrorist plot to destroy a church in Bologna, which contains a 15th-century fresco depicting an image of Muhammad (see above).
Cartoons.
In 2005, a Danish newspaper published a set of editorial cartoons, many of which depicted Muhammad. In late 2005 and early 2006, Danish Muslim organizations ignited a controversy through public protests and by spreading knowledge of the publication of the cartoons. According to John Woods, Islamic history professor at the University of Chicago, it was not simply the depiction of Muhammad that was offensive, but the implication that Muhammad was somehow a supporter of terrorism. On 12 February 2008 the Danish police arrested three men alleged to be involved in a plot to assassinate Kurt Westergaard, one of the cartoonists.
In 2005, an episode of "30 Days" with Morgan Spurlock, titled "Muslims and America," depicted Muhammad twice, in a cartoon explaining the origins of the Islamic faith. There was no outcry over this. In 2006, the controversial American animated television comedy program "South Park", which had previously depicted Muhammad as a superhero character in the July 4, 2001 episode "Super Best Friends" and has depicted Muhammad in the opening sequence since that episode, attempted to satirize the Danish newspaper incident. In the episode "Cartoon Wars Part II", they intended to show Muhammad handing a salmon helmet to Peter Griffin, a character in the Fox animated television show "Family Guy". However, Comedy Central, the parent company of "South Park", rejected the scene, citing concerns of violent protests in the Islamic world. The creators of "South Park" reacted by instead satirizing Comedy Central's double standard for broadcast acceptability by including a segment of the episode "Cartoon Wars Part II" in which American president George W. Bush and Jesus defecate on the flag of the United States.
The Lars Vilks Muhammad drawings controversy began in July 2007 with a series of drawings by Swedish artist Lars Vilks which depicted Muhammad as a roundabout dog. Several art galleries in Sweden declined to show the drawings, citing security concerns and fear of violence. The controversy gained international attention after the Örebro-based regional newspaper "Nerikes Allehanda" published one of the drawings on August 18 to illustrate an editorial on self-censorship and freedom of religion.English translation: </ref> While several other leading Swedish newspapers had published the drawings already, this particular publication led to protests from Muslims in Sweden as well as official condemnations from several foreign governments including Iran, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Egypt and Jordan, as well as by the inter-governmental Organisation of the Islamic Conference (OIC). The controversy occurred about one and a half years after the "Jyllands-Posten" Muhammad cartoons controversy in Denmark in early 2006.
Another controversy emerged in September 2007 when Bangladeshi cartoonist Arifur Rahman was detained on suspicion of showing disrespect to Muhammad. The interim government confiscated copies of the Bengali-language "Prothom Alo" in which the drawings appeared. The cartoon consisted of a boy holding a cat conversing with an elderly man. The man asks the boy his name, and he replies "Babu". The older man chides him for not mentioning the name of Muhammad before his name. He then points to the cat and asks the boy what it is called, and the boy replies "Muhammad the cat". The cartoon caused a firestorm in Bangladesh, with militant Islamists demanding that Rahman be executed for blasphemy. A group of people torched copies of the paper and several Islamic groups protested, saying the drawings ridiculed Mohammad and his companions. They demanded "exemplary punishment" for the paper's editor and the cartoonist. Bangladesh does not have a blasphemy law, although one had been demanded by the same extremist Islamic groups.
Wikipedia article.
In 2008, several Muslims protested against the inclusion of Muhammad's depictions in the English Wikipedia's "Muhammad" article.
An online petition claims to have collected over 450,000 signatures in three months (December 2007 to February 2008). The petition was started by Faraz Ahmad of Daska, Pakistan, resident in Glasgow, Scotland, formerly editing Wikipedia as "Farazilu". 
The petition opposed a reproduction of a 17th-century Ottoman copy of a 14th-century Ilkhanate manuscript image (MS Arabe 1489) depicting Muhammad as he prohibited Nasīʾ.
Wikipedia considered but rejected a compromise that would allow visitors to choose whether to view the page with images. The Wikipedia community has not acted upon the petition. The site's answers to frequently asked questions about these images state that Wikipedia does not censor itself for the benefit of any one group.
Metropolitan Museum of Art.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art in January 2010 confirmed to the "New York Post" that it had quietly removed all historic paintings which contained depictions of Muhammad from public exhibition. The Museum quoted objections on the part of conservative Muslims which were "under review."
The museum's action was criticized as excessive political correctness, also apparent in other recent decision, including the renaming of the "Primitive Art Galleries" to the "Arts of Africa, Oceania and the Americas" and the projected "Islamic Galleries" to "Arab Lands, Turkey, Iran, Central Asia and Later South Asia".
Everybody Draw Mohammed Day.
Everybody Draw Mohammed Day was a protest against those who threatened violence against artists who drew representations of Muhammad. It began as a protest against the action of Comedy Central in forbidding the broadcast of the "South Park" episode "201" in response to death threats against some of those responsible for the segment. Observance of the day began with a drawing posted on the Internet on April 20, 2010, accompanied by text suggesting that "everybody" create a drawing representing Muhammad, on May 20, 2010, as a protest against efforts to limit freedom of speech.
"Charlie Hebdo".
On November 2, 2010 the office of the French satirical weekly newspaper "Charlie Hebdo" at Paris was attacked with a firebomb and its website hacked, after it had announced to publish a special edition with Muhammad as its “chief editor”, and the title page with a cartoon of Muhammad had been pre-issued on social media.
In September 2012, the newspaper published a series of satirical cartoons of Muhammad, some of which feature nude caricatures of Muhammad.

</doc>
<doc id="20412128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412128" title="John T. Loughran">
John T. Loughran

John Thomas Loughran (February 23, 1889, Kingston, Ulster County, New York – March 31, 1953, Kingston, Ulster County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician. He was Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1945 until his death.
Life.
He was a justice of the New York Supreme Court from 1931 to 1934.
On May 21, 1934, he was appointed to the New York Court of Appeals to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Henry T. Kellogg. In November 1934, he was elected on the Democratic and Republican tickets to a full 14-year term. In September 1945, after the death of Irving Lehman, Loughran was appointed Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals. In November 1946, he was re-elected unopposed to a 14-year term as Chief Judge, and died in office. 
He died of a heart attack, and was buried at the St. Mary's Cemetery in Kingston, N.Y.
The John T. Loughran Bridge was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20412130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412130" title="Entatic state">
Entatic state

In bioinorganic chemistry, an entatic state is "a state of an atom or group which, due to its binding in a protein, has its geometric or electronic condition adapted for function." The term was coined by Vallee and Williams, based on the "rack mechanism" of Malmstrom. These states are thought to enhance the chemistry of metal ions in biological catalysis.
An example of an entatic state is the copper center in plastocyanin, a redox enzyme. In this protein, the copper shuttles between oxidized and reduced states, Cu2+ and Cu+, respectively. Each oxidation state prefers a distinct coordination geometry: whereas copper(II) is normally planar and prefers hard bases such as oxygen and nitrogen ligands, copper(I) is normally tetrahedral and binds preferentially to soft bases such as sulphur ligands. Because the electron transfer rate depends on the reorganization energy, the ideal rate would be obtained for Cu centers having a geometry intermediate between the requirements of each oxidation state. In fact, the Cu site is neither planar nor tetrahedral it is considered a distorted tetrahedral, with two nitrogen ligands from histidine residues and two sulphur ligands from methionine and cysteine residues, and can therefore be considered an entatic state. Under the entatic state hypothesis, the distortion results from strain caused by binding to ligands with relative orientation that is pre-arranged by the protein. 
Some theoretical calculations show that a model system can have a geometry similar to that observed in the protein without any strain; these results, however, remain controversial.

</doc>
<doc id="20412154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412154" title="Grivel (mountain climbing)">
Grivel (mountain climbing)

Grivel Srl is a company that produces tools and equipment for alpinism, climbing and outdoor activities. It exports to 26 countries. All the personal safety products, ice axes, crampons, pitons, helmets are produced in Italy. The company has been certified GS TUF since 1992, ISO 9001 since 1996, ISO 1400 since 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20412241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412241" title="Onslaught (Dove)">
Onslaught (Dove)

Onslaught is an online advertising campaign created by Unilever in 2007 to promote the Dove Self-Esteem Fund. It is the third such piece to be released, following "Daughters" and "Evolution". As with the previous spots, the 80-second spot was managed by advertising agency Ogilvy & Mather and was directed by Tim Piper. The campaign won a number of prestigious awards from within the advertising industry, including at the Cannes Lions International Advertising Festival.
The film begins opening titles along with the song "La Breeze", by the now-defunct English band Simian. It then dissolves to the face of a young girl. The song keeps building, repeating the lyrics "Here it comes... Here it comes..." The music takes off and the little girl is quickly followed by a bombardment of fictionalized images, video clips, product shots and advertisements, all illustrating of the impossible standards of beauty in modern media. The film ends with a shot of the same girl walking to school with her classmates, and the text "talk to your daughter before the beauty industry does" appears on the screen. The viewer is then invited to the Campaign for Real Beauty's website.
Takes.
In 2008 Greenpeace made a spoof based on the piece titled "Dove Onslaught(er)". Greenpeace was criticizing Unilever for using palm oil in its products because of the environmental impacts from palm oil plantations. The video was a part of a campaign against Dove. As of December 2013 the parody has over 1.5 million total views. 

</doc>
<doc id="20412243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412243" title="The Dictator's Guns">
The Dictator's Guns

"The Dictator's Guns" () is a 1965 French and Italian crime film directed by Claude Sautet.

</doc>
<doc id="20412247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412247" title="Gatchinsky">
Gatchinsky

Gatchinsky (masculine), Gatchinskaya (feminine), or Gatchinskoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20412264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412264" title="1984 Philadelphia Eagles season">
1984 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 1984 Philadelphia Eagles season was their 52nd in the league. The team improved upon their previous output of 5–11, winning six games. Despite the improvement, the team failed to qualify for the playoffs for the third straight season. 
Whatever outside chance the Birds had to make the playoffs was sunk on November 25 at St. Louis, when starting quarterback Ron Jaworski suffered a broken leg and missed the remainder of the season. It was the most serious injury the "Polish Rifle" ever suffered in his long career. Joe Pisarcik took over under center for the final three-plus games. 
Offseason.
Draft.
The 1984 NFL Draft was held May 1–2, 1984. It was 12 rounds held over 2 days and televised by ESPN in great detail. A month later with the folding of the USFL there would be a draft for players that no NFL team had the rights to.
College Draft.
While the Eagles finished the 1983 NFL season with a record of 5–11 and in fourth place in the NFC East Division they would always get the 4th pick in the 12 rounds of the draft. Only the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Houston Oilers at 2–12 and the New York Giants at 3–13 would have a worse record. It would be one of the most power balanced years. 
The New England Patriots (from Tampa Bay through Cincinnati) had the first draft pick. They selected Irving Fryar a Wide Receiver from the University of Nebraska. As was practiced during the last couple years teams would try and sign players to contracts before they drafted them. Once a team agreed with a player the next team in line could now do the same.
Player Selections.
The table shows the Eagles selections and what picks they had that were traded away and the team that ended up with that pick. It is possible the Eagles' pick ended up with this team via another team that the Eagles made a trade with. 
Not shown are acquired picks that the Eagles traded away. 
USFL and CFL Players Draft.
This is known as the 1984 NFL Supplemental Draft of USFL and CFL Players.
This draft was held June 5, 1984. These were players that were not drafted by an NFL team. In an attempt to head off a bidding war in its own ranks for USFL and CFL players. NFL teams chose 84 players from 224 available during the three-round selection meeting. Many of the big name USFL players were ineligible for the draft because their rights were already owned by NFL clubs.
Still 3 of the first 4 players selected would become NFL Hall Of Famers. These players signed with the USFL before the NFL could draft them. Some teams took a chance and drafted players still so they had their NFL rights, The Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League, suspecting that the USFL was not going to last, acquired Walker's NFL rights by drafting him in the fifth round of the 1985 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20412285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412285" title="FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod">
FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod

FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod () is a Russian football club from Nizhny Novgorod, founded in 1963. In 2008, FC Volga won the Ural-Povolzhye (Volga Region in Russian) zone of the Russian Second Division and advanced to the Russian First Division. It finished First Division as 4th in 2009 and finished one as 2nd in 2010 and promoted to Russian Premier League for 2011 season. Promotion to the top league was secured after 2-2 draw with Nizhny Novgorod at Nizhny Novgorod derby on 3 November 2010.
History.
The team was founded in 1963 after a merger of two teams from Gorky - Torpedo and Raketa. The team played in the Soviet Top League, where its best result was 14th place in 1964. The team was disbanded in 1984. In 1998, a new club called FC Elektronika Nizhny Novgorod was founded. It played in Russian Second Division. In 2004 it was renamed to Volga.
FC Torpedo-Viktoriya Nizhny Novgorod was another squad to claim the legacy of FC Volga Gorky.
Current squad.
"Updated 27 February, 2014", according to the RFPL official website.
Youth team.
The following players are listed by club's website as reserve players and are registered with the RFPL. They are eligible to play for the first team.
Notable players.
Had international caps for their respective countries. Players whose name is listed in bold represented their countries while playing for Volga.

</doc>
<doc id="20412287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412287" title="World Water Monitoring Day">
World Water Monitoring Day

World Water Monitoring Day was established in 2003 by America's Clean Water Foundation as a global educational outreach program that aims to build public awareness and involvement in protecting water resources around the world by empowering citizens to carry out basic monitoring of their local water bodies.
A simple test kit enables everyone, children and adults, to sample local water bodies for a set of water quality parameters including temperature, acidity (pH), clarity (turbidity) and dissolved oxygen (DO). Results are then shared with participating communities around the globe through the WWMD website.
World Water Monitoring Day is celebrated on September 18. It was initially chosen to be a month later (October 18) to recognize the anniversary of the US Clean Water Act, which was enacted by the US Congress in 1972 to restore and protect the country’s water resources. In 2007, the date was changed to facilitate participation in parts of the world where temperatures reach freezing at that time.
In 2006, ACWF transferred coordination of the event to the Water Environment Federation (WEF) and the International Water Association (IWA). The collective goal is to expand participation to one million people in 100 countries by 2012.
2008 saw students from Indonesia to Arkansas taking part in water sampling to bring attention to the importance of water quality.

</doc>
<doc id="20412302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412302" title="Winston Earle">
Winston Earle

Winston Earle is a retired Jamaican association football player. After beginning his career in Jamaica with Santos, he later played in the NASL between 1968 and 1975 for the Baltimore Bays, Rochester Lancers and Baltimore Comets. He is currently the Assistant Coach of Johns Hopkins, and previously coached at Bay College of Maryland, Baltimore Community College, Morgan State and Coppin State.

</doc>
<doc id="20412358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412358" title="International Junior Art Festival">
International Junior Art Festival

The International Junior Art Festival (IJAF, ) is a youth festival which is held annually at Gyeongpo Beach in Gangneung, South Korea, for four days at the beginning of August. With 300 participants from seven nations and 500 visitors every night, it is considered the biggest international youth festival in South Korea. 
Concept.
The IJAF aims at cultural exchange between youths from South Korea and other countries and at communicating Korean culture to the participants. The festival concept includes both performances of the participating groups in front of a large international audience and a diversified cultural programme: mask dances, paper artwork, taekwondo, museums and other workshops deliver insight into Korean culture.
Course of events.
The festival lasts four days. Each group performs twice: one performance on the main stage at Gyeongpo Beach, one performance on the sub stage next to the Gangneung Arts Hall in the city. The first evening starts with a big parade of all participants through the city towards the beach. The opening and closing ceremony includes a big fireworks at the beach. During festival days, the participating groups attend several cultural workshops. The festival is free of charge for the participating groups and entrance is free for the audience.
History.
In 2002, Mr Jeong, Tae-Hwan, founded the East Asia Junior Art Festival, aiming at cultural exchange between Asian youth groups. In 2004, a hip hop group and a horn quartet from Germany were invited. Since then, the festival has been continued as the International Junior Art Festival. Groups from the following countries have participated: Korea, Japan, China, Russia, Germany, USA, Taiwan, Mongolia, Indonesia, Latvia, Lithuania and Australia.
Partners.
The local section of the Federation of Artistic and Cultural Organization, a cultural organisation operating all over South Korea, is official host of the IJAF. Since 2009, it has been assisted by the Gangneung Culture and Arts Foundation. The organisation of the festival is the task of the Festival Committee, consisting of members of both partners. The festival is sponsored by Gangwon Province and Gangneung City. There are co-operations with the local KBS broadcast station, the KSGI Arts Council Korea and the Gangneung Danoje Festival Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20412368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412368" title="Hint (SQL)">
Hint (SQL)

In database query operations, various SQL implementations use hints as additions to the SQL standard that instruct the database engine on how to execute the query. For example, a hint may tell the engine to use as little memory as possible (even if the query will run slowly), or to use or not to use an index (even if the query optimizer would decide otherwise).
Implementation.
Different database engines use different approaches in implementing hints. 

</doc>
<doc id="20412370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412370" title="Torpedo Gorky">
Torpedo Gorky

Torpedo Gorky may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20412390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412390" title="National Museum of Ship Models and Sea History">
National Museum of Ship Models and Sea History

The National Museum of Ship Models and Sea History is a private non-profit museum, located in Sadorus, Illinois.
Recent exhibits include a 27 feet model of the RMS Queen Mary made entirely out of one million toothpicks.
The collection includes ship models from the movies "Tora Tora Tora", "Cleopatra", and "Ben Hur" as well as from the television series Tugboat Annie Sails Again.
The museum is open on Saturdays (10am - 4pm) and by appointment.
In the press.
The museum was featured in a 2005 Chicago Tribune cover story.

</doc>
<doc id="20412420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412420" title="List of college football head coaches with non-consecutive tenure">
List of college football head coaches with non-consecutive tenure

This is a list of college football head coaches with non-consecutive tenure, meaning that an individual was a head coach at a college or university for a period, departed, and then returned to the same college or university in the same capacity.
This list includes only head coaches. This list does not include head coaches whose break in tenure was due to a temporarily suspended football program for World War I (including the flu pandemic linked to that conflict) or World War II and with no other coach during the break in tenure. It also does not include coaches that left and returned into an administrative capacity in the title of "head coach" but did not coach any games, such as when Tom Osborne temporarily named himself head coach while athletic director for the Nebraska Cornhuskers until Bo Pelini was hired in 2007.
Several College Football Hall of Fame coaches have made the list, accenting not only their return to the same program but the success their return brought to the program. Critics have pointed out that returning coaches appear to be less successful at producing winning teams and programs during their second tenure and make comparisons to previous records of coaches attempting to return to a prior coaching job.

</doc>
<doc id="20412428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412428" title="Swanton Abbott">
Swanton Abbott

Swanton Abbott civil parish has an area of and in the 2001 census had a population of 436 in 167 households. For the purposes of local government, the parish falls within the district of North Norfolk. The village lies south of North Walsham, south of the north Norfolk seaside town of Cromer and north by road from the centre of the city of Norwich, Norfolk's administrative centre.
It is served by St Michael's church in the ecclesiastical parish of Worstead. A small group attend the Wesleyan Reform Union Chapel in the village.
Swanton Abbott Community Primary School is a co-educational school for children from 4–11 years.
There were two public houses in the village, the Jolly Farmers and the Weavers Arms. The Weavers Arms closed around 2003 and the Jolly Farmers closed in 2010 but re-opened in 2011 under new management.

</doc>
<doc id="20412435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412435" title="Chilean South Pole Expedition">
Chilean South Pole Expedition

The Chilean South Pole Expedition (2004–2005) was a Chilean expedition to Antarctica organized by the Chilean Navy, Centro de Estudios Científicos and INACh. The expedition travelled to Antarctica from Chile in an Ilyushin Il-76 and a Hercules C-130 owned by the Chilean Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="20412440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412440" title="John Lindow">
John Lindow

John Lindow is a professor specializing in Scandinavian medieval studies and folklore at the University of California, Berkeley and author. Lindow's works include "Norse Mythology: A Guide to the Gods, Rituals, and Beliefs", a handbook for Norse mythology. He received his Ph.D. in Germanic languages and literature from Harvard University in 1972, and began teaching at Berkeley in 1978. In 1977 he was elected as a corresponding member of the Royal Gustavus Adolphus Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20412453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412453" title="Yakov Khozijev">
Yakov Khozijev

Yakov Khozijev () (February 8, 1916 – July 9, 1938) was an Ossetian poet.

</doc>
<doc id="20412462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412462" title="Toyota Opa">
Toyota Opa

The Toyota Opa is an automobile that was produced by Toyota from 2000 to 2005.
The Opa was the result of the V50 series Vista Ardeo wagon modified into a 5-door hatchback. The transmission shifter was relocated from the floor between the front seats to a location on the lower portion of the dashboard, allowing passengers to walk to the rear area from either front seat. The Opa competed with the Honda Avancier, Mitsubishi RVR and the Nissan R'nessa.
The Opa was introduced at the October 1999 Tokyo Motor Show as a concept car, and was put into production in May 2000, initially with the 1.8 L 1ZZ-FE engine. Later in August 2000, the 2.0 L with the 1AZ-FSE and a CVT transmission. January 2001 saw GPS navigation offered as an option. The Opa was exclusive to "Toyopet Store" locations as a larger companion to the Toyota Caldina station wagon.
Sales were not what Toyota had hoped and production ended April 2005.
Russia - the second country where the car is popular. In Siberia and the Far East, cars from Japan (right-hand drive) are much more popular than cars with left rudder. These cars are transported en masse from Japan to Russia. In Russia, are even clubs of fans and admirers of various models of Japanese cars that are not sold in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20412478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412478" title="Juan Van Halen">
Juan Van Halen

Juan Van Halen y Sarti (16 February 1788 – 8 November 1864) was a Spanish military officer. After fighting on the losing side in the Peninsular War, he was forced to flee to Spain. Van Halen became a military adventurer throughout Europe, including an 18-month tenure as a colonel in the Russian "Caucasus" Dragoon Regiment, until his removal by Tsar Alexander I of Russia.
Early career.
Van Halen was born in Isla de León, Cadiz, into a family of Flemish sailing merchants who settled in Cadiz. In 1803, Halen left Cadiz as a Spanish Navy cadet on the frigate "Anfitrite" headed for La Habana, Cuba and Veracruz, Mexico. He entered the service of the French King of Spain, Joseph Bonaparte, in 1808. Van Halen accompanied Joseph during his refuge in France in 1813. 
In 1814, Van Halen decided to change sides: he forged the signature of Marshal Louis-Gabriel Suchet in documents advising the French commanders of various fortresses to surrender because the war was over. Fooled by the trick, the French garrisons of Lleida, Mequinenza and Monzón marched out and laid down their arms. A total of 1,900 men surrendered. Only Louis Benoît Robert, commanding at Tortosa, was not fooled by the forged papers. 
On his return to Spain in 1815, Captain Van Halen's activities during the Spanish War of Independence were investigated. He was imprisoned on 21 March 1817, first in Murcia and later in Madrid, because of his connections with a Masonic Lodge in Granada. He was also acquainted with General José María de Torrijos y Uriarte, who was later executed by a firing squad.
Adventurer.
Having escaped from prison, Van Halen traveled to Saint Petersburg, Russia, around the beginning of 1819. He met various Russian dignitaries including Prince Pyotr Mikhailovich Volkonsky, close advisor to Tsar Alexander I and chief of the general staff from 1815 to 1823. Volkonsky resigned in 1824 after a conflict with War Minister Count Alexey Arakcheyev. Van Halen visited the Tsar's assistant, Prince Dmitriy Vladimirovich Golitsyn, who had fought bravely during the Napoleonic wars and was promoted to the rank of lieutenant general, governing Moscow for 25 years. 
He also visited the famous Spanish engineer Agustín de Betancourt, then director and one of the founders of the First Engineering Academy School of Russia. Supported by Betancourt, who was trusted by other Russian military leaders, Van Halen was appointed colonel of the Caucasus Dragoon Regiment in Tblisi, Georgia. 
He served under, among others, General Aleksey Petrovich Yermolov and Armenian prince, Valerian Madatov, participating in the conquest of Josereck on 21 June 1820, against the troops of Surghai Khan, replaced by Ashan Khan, in the region of Kazikoumik in Daghestan. For this he received the medal of the Russian Order of St. George. In 1854, Van Halen donated the Tartar Yatagan long knife he had taken on 12 June 1820, to the Naval Museum of Madrid. 
His liberal political convictions prompted the Tsar's secret police to inform the Tsar, who removed Van Halen from the Caucasus in December 1820 and put him on the Austrian frontier. In 1821 he returned to Spain in the middle of the Trienio Liberal, until the revolution was crushed by a European Kingdom Absolutist coalition (including Tsarist Russia). He then stayed in Matanzas, Cuba, for three years (1823–182, also doing business in the USA (New York and Philadelphia).
Feeling the call of the blood from his Flemish Catholic ancestors, in 1830, Van Halen went to fight against the Netherlands to participate in the creation of the new kingdom of Belgium. 
In 1831, as a "Condottiere" in the 15th century Italian style, he formed a military brigade of Belgian subjects to defend Portuguese Liberals from the prosecutions of absolutist king, Miguel I of Portugal. This was funded by Cadiz businessman, banker and politician Juan Álvarez Mendizabal. 
Before and after the war against the Netherlands, Van Halen took part in the First Carlist War in Catalunya under generals José María Torrijos, Francisco Miláns del Bosch and Francisco Espoz y Mina. 
Van Halen returned to Spain in February 1833 after the death of Absolutist king, Fernando VII, but he would travel and stay briefly in 1835, 1837 and 1838 in Belgium and England.
Since he was very close to General Baldomero Espartero, Van Halen joined him in exile in England when Espartero fell from grace in 1843.
He returned to Madrid in 1854, receiving the Great Cross of King Carlos III on November 30 of that year.
He first married Maria del Carmen Quiroga y Hermida in 1821. She died 14 February 1859. After her death, Van Halen married Clotilde Butler y Abrines, the daughter of a Spanish Navy frigate captain, who died after 1854.
Van Halen died in El Puerto de Santa María, Cadiz, Spain, at the age of 76.

</doc>
<doc id="20412480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412480" title="Laird Bell">
Laird Bell

Laird Bell (1883-1965) was a distinguished attorney and Democrat who founded a leading Chicago law firm and endowed several charitable institutions. Bell was an extraordinarily active contributor in a variety of social and not-for-profit causes. He served most notably as Chairman of the Chicago Council on Foreign Relations, Chairman of the University of Chicago Board of Trustees, and of Carleton College, and President of the Harvard Alumni Association. Bell was also an Overseer of Harvard College from 1948 to 1954. His active participation 
in the work of education began as President of the Board of Education of Winnetka, Illinois, in 1919. He was also instrumental in the establishment of the National Merit Scholarship Corporation, then, as now, based in Evanston, Illinois, serving as the first Chair of the Board of Directors. Bell founded a Chicago law firm, Bell, Boyd and Lloyd, which continued to bear his name until its merger with Pittsburgh-based K&L Gates in 2009.
Bell served as the interim Chancellor of the University of Chicago in 1951, during the interregnum between Robert Hutchins and Lawrence A. Kimpton. Prior to that, Bell had been one of Hutchins' chief defenders in several struggles with state legislators concerning academic freedom in the 1930s and 1940s. According to Milton Mayer, Bell was perhaps Hutchins' closest friend during his years at the University of Chicago.
In addition to his legal and philanthropic work, Bell was a senior executive and board member of the Weyerhauser Timber company, where his father, F.S. Bell, served as Chairman of the Board and President of the related Laird Norton Company. Bell was active in advising and advocating on behalf of Phil Weyerhauser during the firm's corporate changes during the Depression. Bell was eventually named Chairman of the Board of Weyerhauser, and Bell was also named publisher of the Chicago Daily News, when its publisher, Frank Knox died during the war, in 1944.
In foreign affairs, Bell was perhaps the main "interventionist" in Chicago before World War II, when Chicago was otherwise a national center of isolationism. Bell visited Nazi Germany frequently in the period before World War II, representing US bondholders who had lost more than $1 billion through "reappraisals" by the Reichsbank under the leadership of Hjalmar Horace Greeley Schacht. Bell's co-counsel in the representation was John Foster Dulles of the New York firm Sullivan & Cromwell. In 1940-1941, Bell was head of the Chicago chapter of the Committee to Defend America by Aiding the Allies. 
Bell received a KBE knighthood for his war-time activities on behalf of British War Relief. Following the war, he then played an active part, for a private citizen, in creating the New Europe. Bell returned to Germany as a legal adviser to Brigadier General William H. Draper. Jr., Head of the Economics Division, in General Lucius Clay's U.S. Military Government in Germany OMGUS. Draper's group brokered US interests in post-war German corporations. In 1945 and 1946, Bell "stalked the corridors of Foggy Bottom" in a "one-man crusade against 1067" a US rule that proposed a "barbarous" dismantling of Germany. As president of the Alumni Association of Harvard University in June 1947 Laird Bell organized the commencement speeches where Secretary of State George Marshall launched the European Recovery Plan. (General Omar Bradley was the main speaker that day). 
In the spring of 1949, Bell joined Columbia President Dwight Eisenhower and a group of other notables, chaired by Allen Dulles, in The National Committee for Free Europe, Inc, a private organization which gave aid to intellectuals and political refugees in newly communist European countries. In 1956 he presided over Adlai Stevenson's campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Born in Minnesota, Bell graduated from Harvard College and the University of Chicago Law School. Bell endowed chairs at Carleton College, Harvard University, and the Laird Bell Law Quadrangle at the University of Chicago is named after him. 
Bell resided in Chicago's northern suburbs, served on the board of several Chicago charitable organizations and was a member of the University Club. Bell was born in Winona, Minnesota in 1883 and married Nathalie Fairbank in Chicago in 1909. Nathalie Fairbank was the daughter of the distinguished Fairbank merchant family in Chicago, and her pre-wedding portrait is in storage at the Smithsonian. The eldest of Bell's four daughters, Helen Graham Bell, married a future British MP, Geoffrey de Freitas in 1936. Bell was a parent and Trustee at the North Shore Country Day School, where a meeting room was named after him in 1956. Bell died on October 21, 1965 in the Evanston (IL) hospital.
On October 12, 1966, the Quadrangle at the University of Chicago Law School was named posthumously after Bell. Former President Hutchins spoke at the dedication.

</doc>
<doc id="20412482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412482" title="Elkridge Site">
Elkridge Site

The Elkridge Site, or Elkridge Prehistoric Village Archeological Site, is an archaeological site near Elkridge in Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is located on a terrace above the Patapsco River and extends along the river and inland from 20–400 feet. It is the only known Woodland period riverine-oriented village site in the tidewater Patapsco River valley which has at least partially escaped the totally destructive forces of gravel quarrying. The site appears to have been abandoned as a permanent village in the early 16th century.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20412489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412489" title="Society for the Scientific Study of Religion">
Society for the Scientific Study of Religion

The Society for the Scientific Study of Religion (founded in 1949) was formed to advance research in the social scientific perspective on religious institutions and experiences.
Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion.
The "Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion" is published by the Society to provide a forum for empirical papers in the topic area.

</doc>
<doc id="20412506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412506" title="Cooperative web">
Cooperative web

The Cooperative Web or Co-Web refers to a browser-based platform that promises to replicate the power of face-to-face communications via web-touch without sacrificing the quality of human interactions. A Co-Web enabled
situational application exploits direct high-definition video mixed with web based telepresence to further increase conversational productivity. The objective of the Cooperative Web is to enrich collaborative web meetings with a browser metaphor that supports simultaneous interactions between meeting participants.
Overview.
A convergence is occurring between various technologies associated with the notion of live web meetings. The phrase Web conferencing has been used to describe group discussions over the internet. These discussions are often implemented using Synchronous conferencing protocols and are commonly used for webinars, where one meeting participant lectures to other participants while presenting some information that is rendered to all participants by a common client application (web or fat client). The term Telepresence refers to a set of technologies which allow a person to
feel as if they were present, to give the appearance that they were present, or to have an effect, at a location other than their true location. Telepresence requires that the senses of the user, or users, are provided with such
stimuli as to give the feeling of being in that other location. Additionally, the user(s) may be given the ability to affect the remote location. As the analysts at IDC describe, the goal is to create a sensory experience that communicates the full range of human interactions in a live meeting. 
While many Telepresence solutions have focused on the ambiance aspects of remote meeting environments and while
most web conferencing solutions have focused on the integration of webinar and telephony features into collaboration software offerings/services, little has been done to simulate or reflect the asynchronous or simultaneous aspects of 
live meetings over the internet. Ideally what is required is a set of technologies that enrich communications with sensory elements that provide a "just-like-being-there" experience for live meetings. The sensory experience should 
include a range of sight, sound, and touch interactions. However, the current state of web conferencing and 
telepresence solutions focus mainly on the sight and sound aspects of a meeting and fall short on the interaction capabilities of participants. Moreover, web conferencing and telepresence solutions are typically not vendor neutral and tend to be pricey.
Interestingly, users have the ability to incorporate webinar capabilities into an Immersive or Adaptive Telepresence solution to extend meeting attendance. Yet this injection of Telepresence Lite capabilities all along the Telepresence solution spectrum still does not address support for simultaneous interactions with the material being presented in a meeting. 
Orthogonal to this convergence in the technologies that support live web meetings, the web browser platform has evolved to a point whereby the mediation of user interactions amongst meeting attendees is possible. The common browser has raised the bar of expectation by users. Regardless of your browser of choice, your ability to access web applications simply and efficiently has become the norm. The overall browser experience has improved due in part by the broad adoption of web standards by browser providers and by the sheer economics and reach of the web browser platform. Essentially, the browser has evolved into the ubiquitous application container for the web.
Solution Concepts.
People meet, gather, huddle for business and personal endeavors. The majority of the discussions associated with these conferencing activities tend to be associated with decisions. Typically, the decision making process incorporates the analysis of one or more visualizations of data. The Cooperative Web pertains to a set of technologies and associated architectures that promise to empower decision agility with respect to information available for evaluation
via web-based applications.
While Cooperative Web solutions can incorporate digital components (audio, video) to replicate the face-face meeting experience with the human sensory elements of sight and sound, the interactive sensory element is a differentiating factor. A core value proposition of this technology is that it provides all meeting participants with the ability to manipulate data and drive web centric applications that are used in the decision making process.
In consideration to IDC's call for the ability to develop a low-cost plug-and-play Telepresence solution that can be easily adopted by medium-sized companies to extend the reach and promise of Telepresence, the
Cooperative Web offers solution vendors and composite web application developers the ability to develop standards based web applications that can be used in collaborative communication-oriented meetings.
Conceptual Architecture.
The maturity of service-oriented-architectures has fueled an ecosystem of ajax-based gadgets (widgets) that encapsulate content services (REST, WSDL). These gadgets, standalone fragments of a web page, make up the information rich web palette that can be assembled, wired and shared in composite web applications.
Lets assume that the gadgets used in a given web page all publish the events associated with user-interactions to a predefined mediation server whereby all participants in a managed web meeting were notified of the interactions. Now,
each instance of the gadgets in the web page (running in each meeting participants browser) would receive these remote interaction events as if they were locally triggered. The result would be that each meeting participant would broadcast his/her web page interactions and also subscribe to the results associated with interactions of other meeting participants.
Comparison with Telepresence.
While many vendors associate the following attributes with Telepresence solutions:
the reality is that many of top selling solutions focus more on the features associated with sight and sound and complementary ambiance aspects like high-end furniture. However, few focus on extending the Telepresence experience with interactive presentation capabilities. "Cooperative Web" enabled applications are complementary to the spectrum of Telepresence solutions as they extend the scope of the browser-based platform to allow all meeting participants to share browser applications in a live online meeting.
As described by Gartner, the spectrum of Telepresence solutions can range from Lite to Adaptive to Immersive. Cooperative Web enabled applications can be leveraged along all points on the solution spectrum to help enrich the "just-like-being-there" aspects of the Telepresence experience.
Typically, sophisticated technologies are required for a user to be given a convincing telepresence experience. However, one of the benefits of Cooperative Web solutions is the ubiquity of the technology dependencies. The cost of entry for adoption has been reduced to a common browser, a few JavaScript libraries and some browser plug-ins. The net result is that the Cooperative Web not only extends the reach of Telepresence solutions, this technology also improves the overall experience of remote communications. 
However, in its raw state, a Co-Web enabled application does not require a Telepresence environment nor a hosted Web Conferencing solution. The minimum requirement is a mediation server and a co-web enabled application.

</doc>
<doc id="20412550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412550" title="Elbazduko Britayev">
Elbazduko Britayev

Elbazduko Britayev (, ) (1881 – 1923) was an Ossetian author and playwright, considered the founder of Ossetian traditional theatre. Many phrases from his works have become proverbs, such as "Love does not follow the rules of wisdom", and the characters that he created are being increasingly re-used.

</doc>
