<doc id="20148372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148372" title="2009 Oregon Ducks football team">
2009 Oregon Ducks football team

The 2009 Oregon Ducks football team represented the University of Oregon in the college football season of 2009. The team was led by head coach Chip Kelly in his first season as a head coach at the Division I FBS level. Kelly was only the third Ducks head coach since 1977 and led the Ducks to a Pac-10 Championship and was named Pac-10 Coach of the Year. He took over for Mike Bellotti. 
The Ducks finished the season 10–3, 8–1 in Pac-10 to claim the Pac-10 championship and earn the conference's automatic BCS berth where they were invited to the Rose Bowl, the schools fifth Rose Bowl and first since the 1994 season. They were defeated by Ohio State 17–26.
Previous season.
The 2008 Oregon Ducks football team entered the season ranked 21st in the AP Poll, after finishing the 2007 season ranked 23rd. The major question going into the season concerned the position of quarterback. Oregon's top two quarterbacks, Dennis Dixon and Brady Leaf, had graduated the year before, with Dixon being drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft.
Sophomore Justin Roper was named the starter after Nate Costa suffered a season-ending injury before the season began. As a freshman, Roper had led the Ducks to a Sun Bowl win over South Florida in 2007. He was injured in the third game at Purdue, and was replaced by junior college transfer Jeremiah Masoli. Masoli had led his junior college team to a national championship the year before. Masoli was inconsistent in his first few games, as he put up good rushing numbers but shaky passing stats. But he came on strong the last three games of the regular season and led the Ducks to a 9–3 regular season record and a victory over the Oklahoma State Cowboys in the Holiday Bowl.
Senior Jeremiah Johnson led Oregon in rushing with 1,201 yards while LeGarrette Blount record 1,002 yards and set a school record with 17 rushing touchdowns. Oregon scored over 500 points for the second straight season, and finished the season being ranked 10th in the AP Poll.
Pre-season.
July 29 – Senior Ed Dickson is named to the Mackey Award watchlist, given out to the nation's best tight end.
August 4 – Junior Jeremiah Masoli is named to the watch list for the Davey O'Brien Award.
August 8 – Senior LeGarrette Blount is named to the watch list for the Walter Camp Award.
Pre-season departures.
Quarterback and wide receiver Chris Harper, quarterback Justin Roper, and wide receiver Aaron Pflugrad all decided to transfer from the team before the 2009 season.
Schedule.
University of Oregon official schedule
Game notes.
Boise State.
"2nd Meeting. 0–1 All Time. Last Meeting Boise State 37, Oregon 32
"Uniform combination: white helmet, white jerseys, white pants"
Oregon's offense was completely shut down in the first half and was unable to gain a single first down. They allowed the Broncos to get into their red zone multiple times, but Oregon's defense held them twice. Both times resulted in Boise State attempting field goals after having a first and goal situation. Both field goals in the first quarter were missed by kicker Kyle Brotzman (29 and 47). In the second quarter, the Broncos scored on a TD pass from quarterback Kellen Moore to wide receiver Austin Pettis. Michael Choate ran in the two-point conversion. Billy Winn added to Boise State's first half score by tackling running back LeGarrette Blount for a safety. At the end of the first half, Kyle Brotzman booted in a 45-yard field goal to make the score 13–0. A low-scoring second half did not stop the Ducks from scoring a touchdown along with a two-point conversion. The rest of the game was back and forth until the clock expired, Boise State winning by 11.
After the game, Blount, who earlier in the week was quoted as saying, "We owe that team an ass-whuppin," punched Bronco DE Byron Hout in the chin after Hout had taunted him in front of Boise State head coach Chris Petersen. Blount then went after fans in the front row of the south end zone before being restrained and escorted off the field by security, police, and Oregon coaches. The next day, Oregon suspended Blount for the rest of the season, seemingly ending his career. However, in October, Kelly announced that Blount could return as early as November provided he meets certain academic and behavioral benchmarks.
Purdue.
"Uniform combination: green helmets, green jerseys, green pants"
The Ducks evened their 2009 record at 1–1 with a thrilling 38–36 win over Purdue in their first visit to Eugene. Jeremiah Masoli rushed for 84 yards and a touchdown and LaMichael James rushed for 56 yards. Walter Thurmond III returned an interception for a touchdown in the first half and Javes Lewis returned a fumble for a touchdown in the third quarter. With a minute and one second left to play Purdue failed on a two-point conversion that would have tied the game. Oregon recovered the onsides kick attempt and ran out the clock. Jamere Holland had 72 yards on 4 receptions but dropped a sure touchdown pass in the fourth quarter.
Utah.
"Uniform combination: white helmet, green jerseys, silver pants"
Utah brought the Nation's longest winning streak of 16 into Autzen Stadium this year. This was the first meeting between the schools since a 17–13 Utah win at Salt Lake City in 2003. The Utes last trek to Autzen Stadium was in early September 2001, when Joey Harrington and the Ducks handled Utah 24–10 on their way to an 11–1 record and No. 2 in the Nation finish.
California.
"Uniform combination: throwback uniforms, yellow helmet, green jerseys, yellow pants"
Cal has run off three in a row against the Ducks, more than any other Pac-10 school against Oregon. The Golden Bears streak is their longest versus Oregon since the 1970s. Cal won a waterlogged game at Berkeley last year, 26–16.
The Oregon Ducks quarterback Jeremiah Masoli struggled in previous games but had a major breakthrough against Cal, throwing 253 yards with 21 completions out of 25 attempts, three for touchdowns. Oregon tight end Ed Dickson had a career day with 11 catches for 148 yards and three touchdowns. The Oregon defense played very well, holding Jahvid Best who tied a Pac-10 record for rushing touchdowns the week prior, to just 55 yards on 16 carries. Before the game, Best was quoted as saying Autzen Stadium was the only venue where the crowd noise troubled him. 
The Ducks had a rough start to the game when Walter Thurmond fumbled the opening kickoff reception. Thurmond was hit in the knee on the return and was later diagnosed with a torn ACL and ended up missing the rest of the season. Cal took possession and, on a drive that went for negative eight yards, scored a field goal, their only points in the game. The two teams went back and forth on several miscues. In the first quarter on the Ducks' first scoring drive, running back LaMichael James fumbled the ball and was picked up by Cal's defensive back Josh Hill. During his run back, Hill fumbled the ball again which was recovered by Oregon. In the second quarter, Cal recovered a fumble by Oregon, only to fumble the ball back on the very next play. Later that quarter, Oregon punter Jackson Rice kicked the ball off the side of his foot for a 5-yard punt. After a quick three-and-out by Cal, Brian Anger, Cal's punter, booted the ball off the side of his foot for another 5-yard punt. Masoli's first touchdown pass of the season occurred in the first few seconds of the second quarter, a 26-yard completion to Ed Dickson. 
Since Cal's first field goal, the Ducks went on to score 42 unanswered points to win the game. It was Cal's worst loss with Jeff Tedford as the head coach.
Washington State.
"Uniform combination: black helmet, yellow jersey, black pants"
Oregon has won two in a row, and four of the last five against Washington State. The last two games have resulted in 63–14 and 53–7 victories by the Ducks. The Cougars have not won at Autzen since 2003 when they defeated Oregon 55–16.
UCLA.
"Uniform combination: green helmet, white jersey, green pants"
"Oregon won last year's match-up with UCLA 31–21 in Eugene. The Ducks last trip to the Rose Bowl in 2007 was a humbling experience, as they were shut out for the first time since 1985 by a score of 16–0. That game however was played the week after they had lost star QB Dennis Dixon to injury for the season. At game time, current Bruins head coach Rick Neuheisel was 4–2 against the Ducks going back to the days he coached the Colorado Buffaloes and the Washington Huskies. Since the first game in 1928, UCLA was leading the series 39–23.
With a solid performance in the first half and taking a field goal lead into the locker room, the Bruins gave up three quick touchdowns within few minutes of the third quarter to give the Ducks their fifth win of the season. The Ducks scored on Kenjon Barner's 100-yard kickoff return, on Talmadge Jackson's 31-yard interception, and on Nate Costa's 20-yard pass to Jeff Maehl, which was resulted from a UCLA fumble.
The Bruins scored their only touchdown when Akeem Ayers intercepted a Costa pass in the back of the Rose Bowl north end zone by keeping his feet in bound. Kai Forbath kicked a 52-yard field goal to give UCLA the early lead. Oregon’s Rob Beard attempted a 51-yard field goal, which was blocked by Jerzy Siewierski. Mogan Flint kicked a 33-yard field goals for the Ducks in the fourth quarter.
Washington.
"Oregon has won a school record five in a row over their hated rivals to the north, all by 20 or more points. Washington's last win over the Ducks came at Husky Stadium in 2003."
"Uniform combination: black helmet, white jersey with silver numbers, black pants"
After Erik Folk's 33-yard field goal in the first quarter for Washington, Oregon blocked a punt and recovered the ball in the endzone in the second quarter to give the Ducks their first lead. Javes Lewis intercepted Jake Locker's pass in the end zone to give the ball back to Oregon, which resulted in Jeremiah Masoli's 1-yard touchdown. With a second left, Folk kicked a 48-yard field goal to end the half, which was aided by a personal foul on Oregon.
With good field position at their own 47-yard line, the Ducks scored their third touchdown on Masoli's 3-yard run in the top of the third quarter.
USC.
"USC had not won a game in the state of Oregon for the past three years, a streak that the Ducks kept alive. USC beat Oregon in the Los Angeles Coliseum last year, 44–10.
"Uniform combination: green helmet, green jersey, black pants"
The tenth ranked Ducks handed the Trojans their worst loss since 1997 and Pete Carroll the worst loss in his tenure at USC. Ducks quarterback Jeremiah Masoli passed for 222 yards, and a score, and ran for 164 more, including a touchdown, while LaMichael James ran for 183 yards.
Stanford.
"The Ducks will go for their 8th straight win against Stanford this season. It is their longest current win streak against any Pac-10 school. The seven straight wins also ties the longest stretch of dominance in school history over the Cardinal (1957–63). Oregon came from behind and won last year in Eugene on a last minute touchdown, 35–28. Stanford's last win against Oregon came in Eugene in 2001. That was the Ducks only loss that season, on their way to a 11–1 finish and No. 2 final ranking."
"Uniform combination: green helmet, white jersey, white pants"
Oregon's undefeated conference season came to an end at Stanford, 51–42. Both teams have five victories in the Pac-10 championship race.
Arizona State.
"Oregon has won four straight over the Sun Devils by an average of 23.8 ppg, including last year's 54–20 win in Tempe.
"Uniform combination: black helmet, black jersey, black pants"
Arizona.
"Uniform combination: green helmet, white jersey with silver numbers, black pants"
The previous trip the Ducks took to Tucson in 2007 was a crushing one as the Ducks saw their BCS National Championship Game hopes fade as their star quarterback Dennis Dixon tore his ACL in the first half of the game. The 2009 game was also important, as it involved the only two teams that week in the Pac-10 who were able to control their path to earn an outright Pac-10 Championship.
It was a hotly contested game as neither team led by more than 10 points after Arizona's first touchdown in the second quarter. Ducks quarterback Jeremiah Masoli started with a sluggish game with two recovered fumbles and an interception to set up Arizona's first touchdown. Late in the game, however, he led the Ducks to a narrow victory with two key touchdown passes and a rushing touchdown of his own. After Arizona scored a touchdown in the only score of the third quarter to put them up by 3, the game turned into a frantic sprint with numerous close calls. Morgan Flint attempted a 43-yard field goal for the Ducks that bounced in after hitting the crossbar, tying the game. With three minutes left in the game and Arizona ahead by a touchdown, Talmadge Jackson intercepted Arizona quarterback Nick Foles's pass in the end zone on a 3rd and 16 play at Oregon's 40-yard line. As Oregon drove down the field in the remaining minutes, the student section poured into the Arizona sideline as they prepared to rush the field. However, the drive ended with a touchdown pass from Masoli to Dickson. The Ducks tied the game as Oregon backup quarterback Nate Costa corralled an errant snap for the extra point kicked by Flint. The Arizona student section made their way back to the stands as overtime began. The two teams traded a pair of touchdowns in the first overtime but in the second overtime, Arizona settled for a field goal and Oregon scored a touchdown to win the game.
After the conclusion, the Arizona section at one end of the stadium next to the visiting section began to throw debris at the Oregon players. An Oregon cheerleader, Katelynn Johnson, was struck in the head with a full water bottle, giving her a concussion.
Oregon State.
"Uniform combination: yellow helmet, throwback green jersey, white pants"
The Ducks crushed the Beavers' Rose Bowl aspirations for the second year in a row and managed to secure their own with a 37–33 home victory over the Beavers at Autzen Stadium. Quarterback Jeremiah Masoli ran over safety Lance Mitchell in order to reach a first down much like his performance against UCLA and Oklahoma State last year where he ran over other players. Suspended running back LeGarrette Blount saw his first action since the Boise State loss and took out his frustration this time in a sportsman like way by running over Oregon State linebacker Keaton Kristick who was regarded as the most feared player in the Pac-10. Blount also stiffarmed and threw Stephen Paea to the ground who was regarded as the best defensive tackle in the Pac-10. When Oregon was down 30 to 21 Blount broke free and rushed for a 12-yard touchdown to bring the game closer before Lamichael James broke free for 52 on a touchdown run. In total Blount rushed for 7 times for 51 yards and a touchdown.
Ohio State (Rose Bowl).
"Uniform combination: white helmet, green jersey, white pants"
"Oregon returns to the Rose Bowl for the fifth time and first since the 1994 season. That year the Ducks lost to No. 2 ranked and undefeated Penn State, 38–20. Oregon has never beaten Ohio State in their seven previous meetings. Their most recent meeting occurred in Columbus in 1987, with the Ducks losing 24–14. Oregon and Ohio State have played in the Rose Bowl once before. The 1958 Rose Bowl game turned out to be a defensive struggle as the Ducks eventually lost to the heavily favored Buckeyes 10–7. Ohio State would go on to share the National Title that year, the Ducks would have to wait 37 more years to return to Pasadena. Ducks QB Jack Crabtree was named MVP of the game that year, the last and only second time ever that a person from the losing team had been bestowed that honor. This time the Ducks will try to win the Rose Bowl for the first time since 1917, a 14–0 victory over Pennsylvania. The Oregon Ducks lost to the Ohio State Buckeyes in the Rose Bowl in 2010, 26–17."
1st quarter
2nd quarter
3rd quarter
4th quarter

</doc>
<doc id="20148373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148373" title="Hanns Lilje">
Hanns Lilje

Johannes (Hanns) Ernst Richard Lilje (* August 20, 1899 Hannover; † January 6, 1977 Hannover) was German Lutheran bishop and one of the pioneers of the ecumenical movement.
Lilje was general secretary of the German Student Christian Movement 1924-34. He was involved in Confessing Church struggle in Nazi Germany from 1933 onwards. After World War II he became the bishop of the Evangelical Lutheran State Church of Hanover in 1947 until his retirement. He was also the presiding bishop of the United Evangelical Lutheran Church of Germany 1955-69, president of the Lutheran World Federation and World Council of Churches. He was also abbot of Loccum under title Johannes XI.

</doc>
<doc id="20148394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148394" title="Daai Chin">
Daai Chin

The Dai or Daai are different ethnic tribe of Chin, Myanmar. In particular, the Dai women used to wear short woven skirt.In the fact that their traditional dress and their face tatto's are totally different. The Dai ethnic group is the 32 Chin tribes, which have been registered by the Government of Burma since 1890. The recent Military Regime’s census mentions the Dai tribe as the 62nd of 135 tribes of Burma. Researchers refer to them as Dai group in the ethnic survey book of Burma.The book written by Rigby, not as format book but as a diary of his journey, records the most primitive life-style of the Southern Chins, in which many Dai villages and populations are mentioned systematically, as British always do. The words Yindu and Dai are interchangeably used in that book.The Daai Chin appear to be of Mongolian, Indo-Chinese, and Tibeto-Burman descent as the other Chin tribes do. The Dai people live in the Mindat, Paletwa, Matupi and Kanpetlet townships of the Southern Chin State, Burma. There are more than 180 Dai villages with a total population of somewhere between 60,000 and 90,000. Their population makes the Dai-Chin the majority tribe in the Southern Chin Hills.
History.
The Dai land was an independent country until the British expedition in 1890, and later annexation in 1897 by the United Kingdom. The Dai language varies slightly between subtribes. Their ethnic tribes symbol is khuum (rocket tail drongo). The ling leih ("Bulbophyllum refractum", one of orchid species) is their royal flower. Traditionally Dai women wear short woven skirt and different face tattoos from othe. Guuk Booi is the main dish of Daai people. 99% of Dai people are Christians. They live in the mountain ranges of their own Dai land, Chin state, Myanmar. The different names are Daai and Dai Chin people are same kinds of tribes Chin.
Correction and edition
In some point the author's presentation and quotation are wrong -e.g.- in the case of Yindu Or daa.In fact there was no legal printing record or authentic data in history concerning the people named dai or daai daa etc.. in the western side of mhoo or moong stearm until military regime got the power,(ca1962)but ancient historical books testify that YinDu or Daa and Dai or daai interchangeable name in (so called dai or daai area by now). This true fact can be found in two sources (1) Myanmar (formerly Burmese)racial record. (2) Its neighboring people Bamar. The bad tactic of junta and according to divide in rule, central government divide daai and Yindu Daa.The differentiation of Daai and Yindu was started (ca 1975) then it's prevailing and came into dominance widely after 1988. "United we stand divided we fall"
Location.
The Dai inhabit a part of the Southern Chin State of Myanmar, located on the mainland of Southeast Asia. It is surrounded by China to the north and northeast, Laos to the east, Thailand to the east and southeast, India to the northwest, Bangladesh to the west and the Andaman Sea to the south. The country is divided into four topographical zones. The Eastern Shan Plateau is a highland region that merges with the Dawna and Tenasserim Yoma mountain ranges. The central belt zone covers the valleys of the Irrawaddy, Chindwin and Sittang rivers as well as a mountainous region to the north and a low lying delta to the south. The third region is the western mountain zone, also known as the Arakan Mountains, a series of ridges that start in the northern mountain area and extend to the southwestern corner. The Arakan coastal zone is a narrow alluvial strip lying between the Arakan Mountains and the Bay of Bengal.
The Dai land is situated in the southern part of the Chinland (Chin state) located on the western mountain zone of Myanmar. It is also located between north latitude 20˚ 42' and 21˚ 35', and between east longitude 93˚ 14' and 94˚ 8'. Dai land covers the west of Mindat Township, the northwest of Kanpetlet township, the northeast of Paletwa township and to the southeast of the Matupi township. The longest part of their land is about 120 miles (193 km) and the narrowest part is roughly 60 miles (96 km). The Dai land is mountainous and situated between 800 m–3200 m above sea level. Dai Land has thousands of slope ranges of mountains, brooks, streams and two small rivers: the Laymyo river and Moun river. Many natural water courses flow through the mountain ranges running from north to south, forming valleys and gorges.
Population.
The overall Dai population is estimated somewhere between 60,000 and 90,000. 15% of the total population (500,000) of the Chin State are Dai people. Some of the Dai people live in and around Myanmar and all over the world. Dai people are descended from Sino - Tibetan, Tibeto - Burma, Kuki - Chin - Naga, Kuki - Chin, Chin - Dai.
Politics.
Dai land is divided into four parts within the southern Chin state: Kanpetlet, Mindat, Matupi and Paletwa townships. Today Dai land encompasses Chin state, Myanmar. The local government separated Dai land into Kanpetlet Dai, Mindat Dai, Matu Dai and Paletwa Dai.
Education.
There are only basic educational institutions, such as middle schools (students from 5 to 14 years of age) in Dai lands. Basic primary school is available in almost all villages. Higher education is available only in a few villages. Today, Dai people are receiving further education in various Christian colleges such as in the capital cities of Yangon, Falam, Mandalay, Kalay, Maymyo.
Health.
There are government clinics and dispensaries in some villages, but there is no medicine in those dispensaries. People go to the nearest Burmese villages and the cities to buy medicine. There are no doctors in Dai land. Sometimes medical staff and nurses visit Dai lands. They occasionally administer government-provided vaccination to the Dai people.
Culture.
Language.
All Dai tribes speak the Daai language. These are slightly different styles between the subtribes of Kanpetlet township and Matupi township. Despite this, the different dialects are usually mutually intelligible. Dai writing was developed in the 1990s with the help of German people, with an alphabet based on the German alphabet.
Villages.
There are more than 180 villages in Dai land. Dai villages make up 13% of the 1,355 total villages in the Chin State. Villages range from 10 to 140 houses, the largest and most populated village in Dai land is Makui Innu Village in the Mindat township, west of the central part of Dai land.
Religion.
Approximately thirty years ago, Dai people practised animism. Since then, most Dai people have converted to Christianity within the last two decades. Currently about 99% of the Dai people are Christian.
Shifting cultivation.
Dai people practise shifting cultivation, known as ""Taungya"" in Burmese and ""Lou"" in the Dai language. Cultivators cut and burn forests and raise agricultural crops for one to two years before moving on to another site, only returning to the original after 10 to 11 years.
The Dai people living in western part of Myanmar and southern part of Chin State have rich customs and traditions. Their traditions and rituals are associated with their shifting cultivation in the hills. The practice of shifting cultivation is deeply rooted in Dai culture. Shifting cultivation for the Dais is more than sustenance, it is a way of life, the foundation from which emerged their economic and social traditions.
In its early period, shifting cultivation provided food for the Dai. However, these days it serves as the economic mainstay for the Dai, providing money to buy clothes, attend school, and trade with their neighbours.
Economy.
The Dai people cultivate rice, corn, millet, beans, peas, cucumber, pumpkin, gourd, egg plant, sweet potatoes, tomatoes, ginger, sesame and celery in their gardens or farms. Dai farmers cultivate at the beginning of monsoon season (the mid-April to June) and harvest crops in October and November. The cultivation method is dependent on monsoon rains.
Generally, Dai land is mostly used for slash-and-burn or shifting cultivation, with the least-developed regions inhabited by the indigenous hill tribes of Myanmar. Dai people earn their livelihood by shifting between cultivation (Taung Ya) and subsistence farming. Farming and gardening are only for their subsistence and personal consumption, transportation systems and markets are not developed in Dai land.
Dai people in Malaysia.
Some Dai people migrate to Malaysia because their lives and political, cultural, and religious freedoms are threatened in Myanmar. There, the parents struggle for their daily bread as undocumented migrants, vulnerable to arrest for immigration offences, and are often subject to detention, prosecution, whipping and deportation for several months.
Dai refugees in Malaysia originate from Myanmar, where current conditions do not permit them to return. Dai refugees are scattered throughout Malaysia in places such as Johor Baru, Ipoh, the Cameron Highlands, Kalang, Ka Jang, Rawang, and others.
There are no refugee camps in Malaysia. Instead, Dai refugees share living spaces in groups of up to 20 people, living in low-cost apartments, urban villages or housing estates near Malaysian homes. Many also live in makeshift camps in jungles near construction sites where they seek employment.

</doc>
<doc id="20148441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148441" title="Afrodizz">
Afrodizz

Afrodizz is an eight-member afrobeat/afrofunk band from Montreal. Their music is a modern mix of afrobeat, jazz and funk, that has been described as having nuances of The Herbaliser and Tony Allen.
The band.
The band was formed in 2002 by Montreal jazz guitarist, Gabriel Aldama—who also serves as the band's chief songwriter. Aldama was first introduced to afrobeat as a university student, when a friend played him some vinyl recordings by the genre's pioneer, Fela Kuti. Aldama has also credited the Beastie Boys' 1996 jazz-funk instrumental compilation "The In Sound From Way Out!" as an album that greatly influenced him. 
The other members of Afrodizz include vocalist Vance Payne—who performs songs in English, Yorùbá and other languages of Nigeria—as well as François Plante (bass), Jean-Philippe Goncalves (drums), François Vincent (percussion), David Carbonneau (trumpet), Frèdé Simard (tenor sax), and François Glidden (baritone sax). Goncalves and Plante are also part of the electro-jazz trio, Plaster and Goncalves is also one half of the electronic music duo Beast.
Albums and awards.
Afrodizz released its first independent, 4 song EP in 2003. The band played the Montreal International Jazz Festival that same year and was named "Revelation of the Year" at the event. Andy Williams—an English-born Montreal DJ known internationally for his vast knowledge of jazz—brought the band's EP to the attention of Adrian Gibson, owner of the UK Label Freestyle Records and programmer for the Jazz Café in London. The band was then invited by Gibson to record their first album in London on the Freestyle label. The album, titled "Kif Kif" was also distributed by Do Right! Music in Canada, however Afrodizz seemed to find a bigger following in Europe, than back home. At the height of their popularity they were able to sell out shows at the prestigious Jazz Café, a venue known for hosting many up-and-coming jazz bands.
In 2006 the band released their second album "Froots" on Montreal's C4 label. Montreal rock artist Deweare also appears as a guest vocalist on the song "Fashion Terroriste" in a Gainsbourg-esque performance. The album went on the win Best Worldbeat/Traditional Album at the 2006 GAMIQ Awards (Quebec Independent Music Awards), and also won Best Artist in the Cosmopolitan category of the Montreal International Music Initiative Awards (MIMIs), an honour which is given to the best "roots, intercultural and new musical language" artist. 
Afrodizz performed the song "Africa Music" on the tribute album "Les machines à danser" (dancing machines) released in June 2010; the album is a compilation of songs originally performed by French West Indies/French Guianese pop band La Compagnie Créole and includes covers by artists such as Ariane Moffatt and Dubmatique.
According to the band's official website, Afrodizz is also set to release its next album, titled "From Outer Space", in the summer of 2011 at the Montreal International Jazz Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20148479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148479" title="Andy Blythe &amp; Marten Joustra">
Andy Blythe &amp; Marten Joustra

Andy Blythe and Marten Joustra are British composers who have collaborated together on various TV and game projects. Their specialty is jazz, although they have also wrote in other genres. They are also known as Blythe Joustra.
Career.
Andy and Marten have been composing music together for 25 years and in that time they have composed over 1000 pieces of music for television, radio, film, production music libraries and video. Marten's background is as a classically trained pianist. He is a keen jazz pianist and has played in a variety of orchestras, rock bands, jazz quartets and a TV House band.
Andy's background is in recording and production. Having started out as a drummer in various rock and pop bands, he opened and ran a commercial recording studio. It was through this that he and Marten met. They quickly established a mutual ambition to write music for television and initially gained experience composing soundtracks for corporate videos, radio commercials and live events.
Since then, they have contributed tracks to over 40 library music albums and written themes and incidental music for clients all over the world.
Aside from video game music, they wrote music and songs for the UK TV show Dick and Dom in da Bungalow, which aired between 2002 and 2006. A soundtrack CD of this music was released. The tune "Good Evening and Welcome" appeared on the Swedish TV-series "Ursäkta röran (vi bygger om)" by Filip Hammar and Fredrik Wikingsson. They have also written music for OOglies.

</doc>
<doc id="20148484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148484" title="Dark Forest (film)">
Dark Forest (film)

Dark Forest () is a 2006 South Korean film and the final installment of the 4 Horror Tales film series.

</doc>
<doc id="20148517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148517" title="NRG Engineering">
NRG Engineering

NRG Engineering is a Singapore consulting company specializing in the Oil and Gas Industry with worldwide operations. It was founded in 2005. In 2008, NRG Engineering moved its company headquarters to the new "Fusionopolis" complex in Singapore, and has a representative office in France. 
The company is privately owned. It underwent some changes in ownership in 2010 with the departure of two of the three initial co-founders of the company.
NRG Engineering works with oil companies, EPC Contractors and engineering MNCs at differents stages of their project. In 2005, they signed a first contract to with Cegelec on the Agbami platform operations training centre in Ogere.
From 2006, NRG Engineering developed considerably in Asia, notably because of their involvement on the first refinery ever built in Vietnam: the Dung Quat Refinery project, which is managed by a TECHNIP-JGC-TECNICAS REUNIDAS joint-venture. 2007 also witnessed an increase of their offshore operations, such as pipeline laying projects in Thailand and Indonesia with SAIPEM and CLOUGH, as well as drilling start-up operations in Brunei for TOTAL. 2008 saw the company taking a new turn by winning responsibilities in work in Kuwait and Nigeria. NRG was also awarded a PMC contract in the Shell Gumusut project with MMHE.
In 2014, NRG underwent a rebranding exercise to enhance its service focus to its project management solutions, i.e. people management, safety management, training as well as software solutions.
NRG Engineering used to organize an annual sailing event, the NRG Cup, with the aim to gather some players of the industry. The 2nd and last edition of the race was held in Thailand in July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20148552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148552" title="Johnson-Wolfe Farm">
Johnson-Wolfe Farm

Johnson-Wolfe Farm, more commonly known as the Comus Inn, is a historic set of four buildings located at Comus, Montgomery County, Maryland. The complex includes a ca. 1862 vernacular dwelling known as the Comus Inn, smokehouse, and barn, and a ca. 1936 poultry house.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20148556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148556" title="Tales from Eternal Dusk">
Tales from Eternal Dusk

Tales From Eternal Dusk is the first full album of the German melodic black metal band Dark Fortress. This was the band's debut album and was released on October 1, 2001. Though the album was released in 2001, the vinyl version of this album was released four years later in 2005.
On October 15, 2005, a limited double LP version of "Tales From Eternal Dusk" was released for € 15,- through mailorder and directly from the band. The vinyl version contained 2 bonus tracks: "Into My Deepest Desire" and "Eye Of The Greyhound". 

</doc>
<doc id="20148574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148574" title="Jérôme Palatsi">
Jérôme Palatsi

Jérôme Palatsi (born 10 December 1969) is a French retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Having had no impact as a professional in his country of birth, he spent the bulk of his senior career in Portugal, appearing in 180 top division games mainly at the service of Vitória de Guimarães, and retiring already in his 40's.
Football career.
Palatsi was born in Béziers, Hérault. After only three matches as a professional at Montpellier HSC in the course of five seasons (although two were spent on loan), he moved to the lower leagues in the country.
In 1996, Palatsi started a Portuguese adventure that would last nearly 15 years, starting at S.C. Beira-Mar; at the Aveiro club and his second, Vitória de Guimarães, he was sometimes charged with penalty-taking, scoring a total of four goals in the Portuguese first division.
From 2005 onwards Palatsi played mostly in country's second level, first signing with Moreirense F.C. then moving F.C. Penafiel. Aged almost 39 he returned to Beira-Mar, also in that division, and retired two years later after a brief stint with amateurs A.A. Avanca.
With Beira-Mar again in the top division, Palatsi returned to the club, as goalkeeper coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20148578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148578" title="Arnold Lazarus">
Arnold Lazarus

Arnold Allan Lazarus (born 27 January 1932 - 1 October 2013) was a South African psychologist who is known for his contributions to behavior therapy. 
Concurrently with the pioneering contributions of Albert Ellis and Aaron Beck, starting in the late 1950s and continuing through the 1970s, Lazarus developed what was arguably the first form of "broad-spectrum" cognitive behavioral therapy. Indeed, in 1958, Arnold Lazarus was the first person to introduce the terms "behavior therapy" and "behavior therapist" into the professional literature (i.e., Lazarus, A. A. "New methods in psychotherapy: a case study". South African Medical Journal, 1958, 32, 660-664). He later broadened the focus of behavioral treatment to incorporate cognitive aspects (e.g., see Arnold Lazarus' 1971 landmark book "Behavior Therapy and Beyond", perhaps the first clinical text on CBT). When it became clear that optimizing therapy's effectiveness and effecting durable treatment outcomes often required transcending more narrowly focused cognitive and behavioral methods, Arnold Lazarus expanded the scope of CBT to include physical sensations (as distinct from emotional states), visual images (as distinct from language-based thinking), interpersonal relationships, and biological factors. The final product of Arnold Lazarus' approach to psychotherapy is called multimodal therapy and shares many of its assumptions and theorizing with Ellis' rational emotive behavior therapy. His scholarly output is prolific: more than 250 articles and chapters and 18 books, including his classic "The Principles of Multimodal Therapy". His interpersonal charisma, inculcated in his early South African/English upbringing, and his feisty temperament, forged in his early boxing experiences, coalesce into a powerful voice for technical eclecticism. 

</doc>
<doc id="20148592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148592" title="Discoteuthis">
Discoteuthis

Discoteuthis is a genus of squid in the family Cycloteuthidae. It is distinguished from the genus "Cycloteuthis" by the absence of a tail on the mantle. The genus occurs in tropical and subtropical oceans worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20148616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148616" title="Loorenkopf">
Loorenkopf

Loorenkopf tower is a high freestanding wood lattice tower on Adlisberg, north of Witikon in Zürich, Switzerland. It was built in 1954. The tower is owned by Zürich city and it is open to the public.
The tower is located within the forest at an altitude of . The upper platform is reached by 153 steps. On a clear day with high visibility, you can see Eiger, Mönch and Jungfrau.

</doc>
<doc id="20148621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148621" title="Kensington Historic District">
Kensington Historic District

The Kensington Historic District is a national historic district located at Kensington, Montgomery County, Maryland. The district includes the core of the original town that was incorporated in 1894, It is dominated by large late-19th and early-20th-century houses, many with wraparound porches, stained glass windows, and curving brick sidewalks. Large well-kept lawns, ample sized lots, flowering shrubbery, and tree-lined streets contribute to the historic environment which Kensington still retains despite its close proximity to Washington, D.C.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20148645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148645" title="Aditya (satellite)">
Aditya (satellite)

Aditya, () or Aditya-1 is a spacecraft whose mission is to study the Sun. It was conceptualised by the "Advisory Committee for Space Research" in January 2008. It has been designed and will be built and launched by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO). Former ISRO chairman G. Madhavan Nair announced the approval of this mission on 10 November 2008.
Spacecraft.
Aditya was proposed to be sent to space by 2015–16 to study the solar corona. This part of the Sun has temperatures of over one million degrees, with raging solar winds that reach a velocity of up to 1000 km a second. The satellite will carry as its payload an advanced solar coronagraph. Due to confidence in handling multiple payloads after the Mars Orbiter Mission, ISRO now plans to launch the craft in 2017-18, and it will carry multiple payloads for better solar data collection. The extra payloads will include an ultraviolet imager telescope to observe the entire solar disc for solar storms, a high energy x-ray imager to scan smaller region of the solar disc to study flares, a wind particle detector to sample the solar wind, a soft x-ray spectrometer and a variable emission coronagraph.
It will be a small satellite, which was initially projected to cost about , but due to an upgraded mission profile, it is estimated to cost . It is likely to be placed into a near earth orbit of 800 km. The spacecraft's mission will be to study the fundamental problems of coronal heating, and other phenomena that take place in the Earth's magnetosphere.
Progress.
This is one of the first scheduled projects in a road map formulated by the Advisory Committee for Space Research. A working group of individuals from the ISRO Satellite Centre, Udaipur Solar Observatory, Indian Institute of Astrophysics, Radio Astronomy Centre, National Centre for Radio Astrophysics, and several universities. was constituted to work out the optimum configuration for the coronagraph, among other parameters. The design of solar coronograph has been completed by Indian Institute of Astrophysics.
ISRO is working on development of sensors and thermal structures of the satellite after which a prototype of the satellite is expected to be built by 2011. Aditya's launch date has been rescheduled to 2017-18, after the mission was upgraded from a single payload mission to a multiple payload mission.

</doc>
<doc id="20148650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148650" title="Bully pulpit">
Bully pulpit

A bully pulpit is a position sufficiently conspicuous to provide an opportunity to speak out and be listened to.
This term was coined by President Theodore Roosevelt, who referred to the White House as a "bully pulpit", by which he meant a terrific platform from which to advocate an agenda. Roosevelt famously used the word bully as an adjective meaning "superb" or "wonderful", a more common usage in his time than it is today. (Another expression which survives from this era is "bully for you", synonymous with "good for you".)
Its meaning in this sense is only distantly related to the modern form of "bully", which means "harasser of the weak". The word is related to the Dutch "boel", meaning lover, and "buhler", meaning a rival for a lady's affection. In English usage around 1700, "bully" came to be similar to "pimp", which gives us the connotation of a ruffian or harasser.
Doris Kearns Goodwin used the phrase in the title of her 2013 book "The Bully Pulpit: Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, and the Golden Age of Journalism".

</doc>
<doc id="20148651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148651" title="Asa Higuchi">
Asa Higuchi

In 1998, Higuchi won noted seinen manga magazine "Afternoon"'s Shiki competition with her work "Yuku tokoro". It was noted for the unique relationships shared by its characters and was subsequently published in the August issue of the magazine, thus marking her debut as a manga artist. She is currently working on "Ōkiku Furikabutte", which has spanned 21 volumes to date and being serialized in the monthly "Afternoon". It won the 10th Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize for best creative work in 2006, and the 31st Kodansha Manga Award for general manga in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20148698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148698" title="Hellisøy Lighthouse">
Hellisøy Lighthouse

Hellisøy Lghthouse () is a coastal lighthouse in Fedje in Hordaland.

</doc>
<doc id="20148718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148718" title="J. D. Watt">
J. D. Watt

J. D. Watt (born May 25, 1987) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey winger. The native of Cremona, Alberta was originally drafted by the Flames in the 4th round (111th overall) of the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. Beginning with the 2012-13 season, Watt has been playing with the SAIT Trojans of the Alberta Colleges Athletics Conference (ACAC).
Playing career.
A native of Cremona, Alberta, Watt played Junior A hockey with the Drumheller Dragons of the Alberta Junior Hockey League (AJHL) in 2003–04 before joining the major junior ranks with the Vancouver Giants of the Western Hockey League (WHL) late in the season. Playing with the Giants, Watt won the 2006 President's Cup and the 2007 Memorial Cup championships. He played for the Red Deer Rebels and the Regina Pats in his final year of major junior.
Watt was drafted after his second junior season by his hometown team, the Calgary Flames (Cremona is approximately just 75 km outside of Calgary), in the fourth round, 111th overall, in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. In 2008–09, he was initially assigned to the Flames' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Quad City Flames, but was quickly re-assigned to the Las Vegas Wranglers of the ECHL. On November 9, 2008, he recorded his first professional hat trick and added an assist for a four-point night against the Phoenix RoadRunners in a 6-2 win. Watt was recalled, however, by the Quad City Flames on December 8, 2008. He was suspended by the AHL late in the season for four games on February 24, 2009, after delivering a check to the head in a game against the San Antonio Rampage.
On January 5, 2011 the Calgary Flames announced that J.D. Watt's contract has been terminated effective immediately. “J.D. notified us on Monday that he was no longer interested in pursuing his career with the Calgary Flames organization,” “He informed us of his decision and as a result, he was then suspended and cleared unconditional waivers this morning. We are moving forward in the best interests of the hockey club, our players in Abbotsford and the Flames organization."
During the 2010–11 AHL season Watt played 27 games with the Abbotsford Heat, recording one goal and three assists for four points while accumulating 73 penalty minutes. On May 1, 2011, Watt left the Calgary Flames' organization.
As a professional, Watt watt was known for his abrasive style of play as an agitator. During his eight years of play in the Western Hockey League, American Hockey League, and ECHL, Watt was penalized for 117 fights. He joined the SAIT Trojans wit the 2012-13 season, and through his first season of ACAC play, which included 28 regular season games and 8 playoff contests, Watt was not involved in a single fight.

</doc>
<doc id="20148745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148745" title="Thorpe-in-Balne railway station">
Thorpe-in-Balne railway station

Thorpe-in-Balne railway station was a railway station on the Hull and Barnsley and Great Central Joint Railway. It was situated about from the village of Thorpe in Balne, South Yorkshire, England adjacent to the road and some north of Doncaster.
Like the other stations on the line it was built ready to accept passenger trains with flanking platforms and facilities, however the passengers never came. Although it was built ready for the opening on 1 May 1916 the line only opened for goods traffic, particularly coal, it stayed that way all its working life.
The structures remained in position until the early 1960s when they were demolished.
The line saw very few passenger workings, all of them enthusiasts specials, the final one being the "Doncaster Decoy" on 5 October 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20148765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148765" title="Lost (Gorilla Zoe song)">
Lost (Gorilla Zoe song)

"Lost" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Gorilla Zoe, released October 28, 2008 as the lead single from his second studio album "Don't Feed Da Animals". The song leaked in May 2007 entitled "Losin' My Mind", featuring a verse from fellow American rapper Lil Wayne. It is notable that, specifically with the version of "Lost" featuring Lil Wayne, both songs use the auto-tune effect.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Zollo and premiered on the BET show "The Deal". Miami-based rapper Rick Ross makes a cameo appearance. The music video is similar to the music video of "Somebody's Watching Me" the debut single by R&B artist Rockwell, released on the Motown label in 1984. The music video of both songs relate the subject's paranoid fears of being followed and watched, although the lyrics of "Lost" chronicle the emptiness and loneliness that hip-hop fame can bring.
The video does not show the underground background singer named as "the mistress".
Remixes and freestyle.
On September 14th 2008, American rapper Bow Wow released a freestyle to the song.

</doc>
<doc id="20148771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148771" title="Keisen Station">
Keisen Station


</doc>
<doc id="20148816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148816" title="Higher-order singular value decomposition">
Higher-order singular value decomposition

In multilinear algebra, there does not exist a general decomposition method for multi-way arrays (also known as "N-arrays", "higher-order arrays", or "data-tensors") with all the properties of a matrix singular value decomposition (SVD). A matrix SVD simultaneously computes 
These two properties can be captured separately by two different decompositions for multi-way arrays.
Property (a) is extended to higher order by a class of closely related constructions known collectively as CP decomposition (named after the two most popular and general variants, CANDECOMP and PARAFAC). Such decompositions represent a tensor as the sum of the n-fold outer products of rank-1 tensors, where n is the dimension of the tensor indices. 
Property (b) is extended to higher order by a class of methods known variably as "Tucker3", "N-mode SVD", and "N-mode principal component analysis" (PCA). (This article will use the general term "Tucker decomposition".) These methods compute the othonormal spaces associated with the different axes (or modes) of a tensor. The Tucker decomposition is also used in multilinear subspace learning as multilinear principal component analysis. This terminology was coined by P. Kroonenberg in the 1980s, but it was later called "multilinear SVD" and "HOSVD" (higher-order SVD) by L. De Lathauwer.
Historically, much of the interest in higher-order SVDs was driven by the need to analyze empirical data, especial in psychometrics and chemometrics. As such, many of the methods have been independently invented several times, often with subtle variations, leading to a confusing literature. Abstract and general mathematical theorems are rare (though see Kruskal with regard to the CP decomposition); instead, the methods are often designed for analyzing specific data types. The 2008 review article by Kolda and Bader provides a compact summary of the history of these decompositions, and many references for further reading.
The concept of HOSVD was carried over to functions by Baranyi and Yam via the TP model transformation 
. This extension led to the definition of the HOSVD based canonical form of tensor product functions and Linear Parameter Varying system models and to convex hull manipulation based control optimization theory, see TP model transformation in control theories.
CP decomposition.
Definition.
A CP decomposition of an N-way array "X", with elements formula_1, is 
where formula_3 denotes the tensor product. The "R" tensors formula_4 (known as "simple tensors", "rank-1 tensors", "dyads", or, in quantum mechanics, "product states") are constructed from the "rN" vectors formula_5. With indices, this is
where formula_7 is the "i"-th element of the vector formula_8, etc.
Tucker decomposition.
History.
In 1966, L. Tucker proposed a decomposition method for three-way arrays (referred to as a 3-mode "tensors") as a multidimensional extension of factor analysis. This decomposition was further developed in the 1980s by P. Kroonenberg, who coined the terms Tucker3, Tucker3ALS (an alternating least squares dimensionality reduction algorithm), 3-Mode SVD, and 3-Mode PCA. In the intervening years, several authors developed the decomposition for "N"-way arrays.
Most recently, this work was treated in an elegant fashion and introduced to the SIAM community by L. De Lathauwer et al. who referred to the decomposition as an "N"-way SVD, multilinear SVD and HOSVD.
Definitions.
Let the SVD of a real matrix be formula_9, then it can be written in an elementwise form as
formula_11 and formula_12 give, in a certain sense optimal, orthonormal basis for the column and row space, formula_13 is diagonal with decreasing elements.
"N"-mode SVD can be defined by the multidimensional generalization of this concept:
where the formula_15 matrices and the formula_16 core tensor should satisfy certain requirements (similar ones to the matrix SVD), namely
Notation:
Algorithm.
The HOSVD can be built from several SVDs, as follows:
Given a tensor, "T" of shape formula_24, the "i"th singular tensor is given by making a matrix,
taking its left singular vectors, formula_28.
The core tensor is then the tensor product of those formula_28s.
Applications.
Main applications are extracting relevant information from multi-way arrays. Used in factor analysis, face recognition (TensorFaces), human motion analysis and synthesis. 
The HOSVD has been successfully applied to signal processing and big data, e.g., in genomic signal processing. These applications also inspired a higher-order generalized singular value decomposition (HO GSVD).
It is also used in tensor product model transformation-based controller design. In multilinear subspace learning, it is modified to multilinear principal component analysis for gait recognition.

</doc>
<doc id="20148819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148819" title="Radnice coal basin">
Radnice coal basin

Radnice coal basin was a relatively small area around Radnice and Břasy in the Rokycany District of the Czech republic where coal depots existed and coal mining developed in the 19th century. During the 20th century the coal reserves were largely depleted and mining stopped in this region. The coal basin was said to be the only locality in Central Europe where bituminous coal was found so close to the surface that it could be retrieved by open pit mining.

</doc>
<doc id="20148867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148867" title="Isaac Kuoki">
Isaac Kuoki

Isaac Kuoki (born May 6, 1978 in Accra) is a Ghanaian football attacking midfielder.
Career.
Kuoki began his career by Al-Najma before scouted from Asante Kotoko, before in 2004 leaving the club with a move to PFC Beroe Stara Zagora. After 3 years leave Beroe.
Position.
Kuoki is an attacking midfielder for his club.
Personal.
Height - 1.76 m. Weight - 67 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="20148872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148872" title="Waikaremoana (New Zealand electorate)">
Waikaremoana (New Zealand electorate)

Waikaremoana is a former New Zealand Parliamentary electorate, from 1984 to 1996.
History.
The Waikaremoana electorate was created in 1984, and abolished for 1996, the first MMP election.

</doc>
<doc id="20148877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148877" title="Gustave Louis Chaix d'Est-Ange">
Gustave Louis Chaix d'Est-Ange

Gustave Louis Adolphe Victor Aristide Charles Chaix d'Est-Ange (11 April 1800, Reims - 14 December 1876, Paris) was a French lawyer and politician.

</doc>
<doc id="20148893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148893" title="Katsuragawa Station (Hokkaido)">
Katsuragawa Station (Hokkaido)


</doc>
<doc id="20148894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148894" title="Henry II, Duke of Świdnica">
Henry II, Duke of Świdnica

Henry II of Świdnica, (, , ; – ), was a Duke of Świdnica from 1326 until his death (with his brother as co-ruler).
He was the second and younger son of Duke Bernard of Świdnica by his wife Kunigunde, daughter of Władysław I the Elbow-high, Duke of Kuyavia and since 1320 King of Poland.
Life.
Henry's exact date of birth is unknown, but was assumed that he was significantly younger than his older brother Bolko II the Small, because he was first mentioned only in 1337. He co-ruled with his brother since 1326 after their father's death, but at the end Bolko II take all the government into his hands.
Marriage and issue.
By 1 June 1338 Henry II married with Katharina (d. bef. 29 June 1355), daughter of King Charles I of Hungary, from the House of Capet in the Anjou branch. They had only one daughter:
The birth of his daughter, future Holy Roman Empress, was the only important event of Henry II's life, according to the contemporary chronicles. He died by 28 June 1345. It's unknown where he was buried.

</doc>
<doc id="20148899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148899" title="The Last of Mrs. Cheyney">
The Last of Mrs. Cheyney

The Last of Mrs. Cheyney may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20148918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148918" title="Raúl Eduardo Vela Chiriboga">
Raúl Eduardo Vela Chiriboga

Raúl Eduardo Vela Chiriboga (born 1 January 1934 in Riobamba) is the Archbishop Emeritus of Quito. He served as archbishop of Quito and the Primate of Ecuador from 2003 to 2010 when Fausto Trávez Trávez was appointed to replace Archbishop Vela Chiriboga.
Pope Benedict XVI elevated Vela Chiriboga to the status of cardinal at a consistory on 20 November 2010, becoming Cardinal-Priest of "Santa Maria in Via". He participated in the papal conclave of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20148920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148920" title="Aravot">
Aravot

Aravot ( "Morning") is an daily newspaper based in Yerevan, founded in 1994. Its main editor is Aram Abrahamyan.

</doc>
<doc id="20148940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148940" title="VITAL">
VITAL

VITAL is a suite of digital asset management products by VTLS based on the open source Fedora architecture.
It was unveiled at the 2004 American Library Association's Midwinter Meeting. Version 2.0 was released November 29, 2005 after acceptance testing by Australian Research Repositories Online to the World.

</doc>
<doc id="20148948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148948" title="Computer mediated environment">
Computer mediated environment

Computer Mediated Environment (CME) is a term that refers to the creation of alternate reality through computer interfaces. It was used by Hoffman and Novak (1998) and refined by Siddiqui and Turley (2004, 2005, 2006, 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="20148960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20148960" title="Candler v Crane, Christmas &amp; Co">
Candler v Crane, Christmas &amp; Co

Candler v Crane, Christmas & Co 2 KB 164 is an English tort law case. In it, Denning LJ delivered an important dissenting judgment, arguing for a duty of care for negligent statements. This was later upheld in "Hedley Byrne v Heller & Partners Ltd" [1963 2 All ER 575 by the House of Lords.
Facts.
Donald Ogilvie was the director of a company called Trevaunance Hydraulic Tin Mines Ltd, which mined tin in Cornwall. He needed more capital, so he put an advertisement in "The Times" on July 8, 1946, which said,
"£10,000. Established Tin Mine (low capitalisation) in Cornwall seeks further capital. Install additional milling plant. Directorship and active participation open to suitable applicant - Apply"
Mr Candler responded, saying he was interested in investing £2000, if he could see the company's accounts. Mr Ogilvie instructed Crane, Christmas & Co, a firm of auditors, to prepare the company’s accounts and balance sheet. The draft accounts were shown to Mr Candler in the presence of Crane, Christmas & Co’s clerk. Mr Candler relied on their accuracy and subscribed for £2,000 worth of shares in the company. But the company was actually in a very bad state. Ogilvie used the investment on himself and then went bankrupt. Mr Candler lost all the money he invested. He brought an action against the accountants, Crane, Christmas & Co. for negligently misrepresenting the state of the company. As there was no contractual relationship between the parties, the action was brought in tort law for pure economic loss.
Judgment.
The majority of the Court of Appeal (Sir Lionel Cohen and Sir Cyril Asquith) relied on the case of "Derry v Peek" to refuse a remedy to the plaintiff, holding that loss resulting from negligent misstatement was not actionable in the absence of any contractual or fiduciary relationship between the parties. 
Sir Tom Denning delivered a powerful dissent, in which he argued that any person in the reasonable contemplation of someone making a statement who might rely on that statement is owed a duty of care in tort. He was asked to read his decision first.

</doc>
<doc id="20149010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149010" title="Analog signal to discrete time interval converter">
Analog signal to discrete time interval converter

Analog-signal-to-discrete-time-interval converter (written with or without hyphens; abbreviated as ASDTIC) is a specialized kind of an analog-to-digital converter, which converts the analog input signal (e.g. voltage or current) to quantized time intervals.

</doc>
<doc id="20149013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149013" title="Ruahine (New Zealand electorate)">
Ruahine (New Zealand electorate)

Ruahine is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate, from 1972 to 1978.
History.
The Ruahine electorate was created in 1972, and in 1978 was absorbed into the new Rangitikei electorate.

</doc>
<doc id="20149025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149025" title="Northern Ireland local elections, 1993">
Northern Ireland local elections, 1993

Elections for local government were held in Northern Ireland on 19 May 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20149041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149041" title="Pandukabhaya of Anuradhapura">
Pandukabhaya of Anuradhapura

Pandukabhaya (437 BC – 367 BC) was King of Upatissa Nuwara and the first monarch of the Anuradhapura Kingdom and 6th over all of the island of Sri Lanka since the arrival of the Vijaya, he reigned from 437 BC to 367 BC. According to many historians and philosophers, he is the first truly Sri Lankan king since the Vijayan invasion, and also the king who ended the conflict between the Sinha clan and local community, reorganizing the population. His story is one wrapped in myth and legend.
Origin.
There are three prevailing opinions on his origin.
The second ruler.
The second ruler of Sri Lanka was King Panduvasudeva, the nephew of Vijaya. Panduvasudeva married Baddha-Kacchayana, an extremely beautiful princess from India. The couple had ten sons, the eldest of whom was named Abhaya, and one daughter named Chitra.
When a sage prophesied that Chitra would bear a son who would kill nine of his uncles and claim the throne, nine of Chitra’s brothers told King Panduvasudeva to have her killed. However, Abhaya would not allow it and Chitra was spared. She married a prince named Digha-Gamini (who, incidentally, was her cousin) and had a son, who was named Pandukabhaya.
The exchange of babies.
Chitra and Digha-Gamini had been made aware of the prophecy at the time of their marriage and had promised to put to death any son that Chitra gave birth to. However, once Pandukabhaya was born, Chitra was unwilling to kill the infant, and so she decided to exchange babies with another woman who had given birth to a baby girl that same day.
Chitra announced to her father and husband that she had given birth to a girl. Only her mother, Baddha-Kacchayana, knew of the secret exchange.
The woman who gave up her daughter took Prince Pandukabhaya to a nearby village called Doramadalawa where he would be brought up as a herdsman’s son.
The attempts on Pandukabhaya’s life.
The first threat to Pandukabhaya’s life came while he was being transported to Dvaramandalaka (Doramadalawa). The woman who had exchanged infants with Chitra carried Prince Pandukabhaya to the village in a covered basket. Unfortunately, she ran into nine of Chitra’s brothers (the ones who had wanted their sister to be murdered for fear that her child would kill them). They asked her what she had in the basket and she replied that it contained food. Not satisfied with the answer, they asked her to open up the basket and show them its contents. Luckily, two wild bears happened to run past them, and they forgot about the basket in their eagerness to hunt the animals down. The baby was delivered to the herdsman safely.
That same year, King Panduvasudeva died and Abhaya became his successor. He was not a great king, but he was certainly a kind one and he was well-loved, especially by the poor.
Several years went by and when Pandukabhaya was about seven years old, rumours reached his nine uncles about a boy in Dvaramandalaka who supposedly was a herdsman’s son, but who showed all signs of being of royal background. They suspected that this child may be their sister’s son, because they had reason to believe that the little girl who was being brought up as a princess in the palace was not Chitra’s daughter. They sent out people to kill all boys in the village who were around the same age as their nephew.
It was known that all the boys of Dvaramandalaka bathed at a certain pond, and it was planned that they should be killed while they were bathing. The plan was executed and several young children were murdered. Pandukabhaya, however, had been hiding at the time, and so he escaped death.
While Pandukabhaya’s uncles were satisfied at the time that they had eliminated their nephew, some years later they became suspicious again when they heard stories of a village boy who looked more like a prince than a herdsman’s son. They attempted to have him killed again, and the attempt failed once more.
When Pandukabhaya was about sixteen years old, Princess Chitra, fearing for her son’s safety, arranged to have him live with a Brahman named Pandula.
Once he was old enough to become king, Pandukabhaya left Pandula, married his cousin Pali and fought his uncles to claim his right to the throne. Eight of his ten uncles perished in the war, which lasted for seventeen years. Abhaya, who had never fought against Pandukabhaya, and Girikandasiva, who was Pali’s father, were not killed.
Pandukabhaya was a good king and reigned over Sri Lanka for seventy years, leaving the country in a prosperous state when he died.

</doc>
<doc id="20149046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149046" title="Reverse geocoding">
Reverse geocoding

Reverse geocoding is the process of back (reverse) coding of a point location (latitude, longitude) to a readable address or place name. This permits the identification of nearby street addresses, places, and/or areal subdivisions such as neighbourhoods, county, state, or country. Combined with geocoding and routing services, reverse geocoding is a critical component of mobile location-based services and Enhanced 911 to convert a coordinate obtained by GPS to a readable street address which is easier to understand by the end user.
Reverse geocoding can be carried out systematically by services which process a coordinate similarly to the geocoding process. For example, when a GPS coordinate is entered the street address is interpolated from a range assigned to the road segment in a reference dataset that the point is nearest to. If the user provides a coordinate near the midpoint of a segment that starts with address 1 and ends with 100, the returned street address will be somewhere near 50. This approach to reverse geocoding does not return actual addresses, only estimates of what should be there based on the predetermined range. Alternatively, coordinates for reverse geocoding can also be selected on an interactive map, or extracted from static maps by georeferencing them in a GIS with predefined spatial layers to determine the coordinates of a displayed point. Many of the same limitations of geocoding are similar with reverse geocoding.
Public reverse geocoding services are becoming increasingly available through APIs and other web services as well as mobile phone applications. These services require manual input of a coordinate, capture from a GPS, or selection of a point on an interactive map; to look up a street address or neighboring places. Examples of these services include the GeoNames reverse geocoding web service which has tools to identify nearest street address, place names, Wikipedia articles, country, county subdivisions, neighborhoods, and other location data from a coordinate. Google has also published a reverse geocoding API which can be adapted for online reverse geocoding tools, which uses the same street reference layer as Google maps.
Privacy Concerns.
Geocoding and reverse geocoding have raised potential privacy concerns, especially regarding the ability to reverse engineer street addresses from published static maps. By digitizing published maps it is possible to georeference them by overlaying with other spatial layers and then extract point locations which can be used to identify individuals or reverse geocoded to obtain a street address of the individual. This has potential implications to determine locations for patients and/or study participants from maps published in medical literature as well as potentially sensitive information published in other journalistic sources.
In one study a map of Hurricane Katrina mortality locations published in a Baton Rouge, Louisiana paper was examined. Using GPS locations obtained from houses where fatalities occurred, the authors were able to determine the relative error between the true house locations and the location determined by georeferencing the published map. The authors found that approximately 45% of the points extracted from the georeferenced map were within 10 meters of a household's GPS obtained point. Another study found similar results examining hypothetical low and high resolution patient address maps similar to what might be found published in medical journals. They found approximately 26% of points obtained from a low resolution map and 79% from a high resolution map were matched precisely with the true location.
The findings from these studies raise concerns regarding the potential use of georeferencing and reverse geocoding of published maps to elucidate sensitive or private information on mapped individuals. Guidelines for the display and publication of potentially sensitive information are inconsistently applied and no uniform procedure has been identified. The use of blurring algorithms which shift the location of mapped points have been proposed as a solution. In addition, where direct reference to the geography of the area mapped is not required it may be possible to use abstract space on which to display spatial patterns.

</doc>
<doc id="20149057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149057" title="Simone Aresti">
Simone Aresti

Simone Aresti (born March 15, 1986) is an Italian footballer who plays for Savona.
Club career.
Goalkeeper goleador.
The goalkeeper Aresti during the season 2011-12 in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione with the shirt of Savona has scored 2 goals.
"For see the video of 2 goals and exclusive interview" click here.

</doc>
<doc id="20149063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149063" title="Man sa yarbah 2 malyoon">
Man sa yarbah 2 malyoon

ŀ
من سيربح 2 مليون (English translation: "Who will win 2 million?", transliteration: "Man sa yarbah 2 malyoon") was an Middle Eastern and North African game show based on the original British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". The show was hosted by George Kurdahi.

</doc>
<doc id="20149083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149083" title="Jordan Knackstedt">
Jordan Knackstedt

Jordan Knackstedt (born September 28, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger currently playing for the Bakersfield Condors of the ECHL.
Playing career.
Knackstedt entered the major junior ranks with the Red Deer Rebels of the Western Hockey League (WHL) in 2004–05. Three seasons later, in his draft year, he was traded to the Moose Jaw Warriors and put up 56 points between the two teams. He was then drafted in the 7th round, 189th overall, by the Boston Bruins in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. Returning to the Warriors, Knackstedt recorded a team-leading 85 points, seventh overall in league scoring. At the end of the WHL season, he was assigned by Boston to complete 2007–08 with the Providence Bruins of the American Hockey League (AHL). 
On December 9, 2010, he was traded along with Jeff LoVecchio to the Florida Panthers in exchange for Sean Zimmerman and a conditional 7th round pick in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Knackstedt signed a 1-year contract with Bolzano-Bozen Foxes (HC Bolzano) as a free agent on 2011.
On September 25, 2013, the Bakersfield Condors of the ECHL signed Knackstedt for the 2013-14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20149084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149084" title="Alexis Thompson (American football owner)">
Alexis Thompson (American football owner)

Alexis "Lex" Thompson was an owner of the Philadelphia Eagles, Pittsburgh Steelers and Philadelphia-Pittsburgh Steagles. Thompson was a graduate of Yale University, was the heir to a six million fortune in steel stocks, a U.S. Army corporal, and an Entrepreneur who made millions selling eye care products. Steelers owner Art Rooney bought half interest in the Eagles and sold the Steelers to 28-year old Thompson for $160,000 in 1940. After having second thoughts, the owners traded their cities back to each other (but kept the players) before the start of the 1941 season. Thompson sold the Eagles franchise to a group of investors known as the "Happy Hundred" for $250,000 on January 15, 1949.
Thompson's body was discovered on December 21, 1954 in his apartment. He died of an apparent heart attack. 

</doc>
<doc id="20149090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149090" title="Marcel Elame">
Marcel Elame

Jason Marcelo Elame (born 4 January 1982 in Yaoundé) is a Cameroonian football defender who currently plays for Vereya Stara Zagora.
Career.
He moved with teammate Daniel Bekono in January 2004 from Fovu Baham to Bulgarian side PFC Beroe Stara Zagora, from July 2006 to June 2007 he was loaned out to Lokomotiv Plovdiv and played 25 games. After 1 year he returned to Beroe Stz. He left Beroe in July 2008 and moved to FC Vihren Sandanski. He also holds a Bulgarian passport.

</doc>
<doc id="20149097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149097" title="Mutasiva of Anuradhapura">
Mutasiva of Anuradhapura

Mutasiva was an early monarch of Sri Lanka of the Kingdom of Anuradhapura, based at the ancient capital of Anuradhapura from 367 BC to 307 BC. He had nine sons, some of which were his successors such Devanampiya Tissa, Uttiya, Mahasiva and Asela, as well as being the son of King Pandukabhaya.
The king ruled for sixty years which was an unbroken peaceful era of the country. He is the creator of Mahamevnāwa Park in Anuradhapura and it is the only historical record of his accomplishment. 

</doc>
<doc id="20149098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149098" title="Natu Tuatagaloa">
Natu Tuatagaloa

Natu Tuatagaloa (born May 25, 1966 in San Francisco is a former professional football player in the American NFL. He played for the 1995 Houston Oilers, 1992-'93 Seattle Seahawks, and 1989-91 Cincinnati Bengals. His parents, Gage & Ria Tuatagaloa, are both first generation immigrants from Western Samoa and The Netherlands. He credits his parents with instilling strong family values and setting a great example of work ethic, determination, perseverance and community involvement.
Both Tuatagaloa graduated from San Rafael High School in 1984 as a four sport letterman in football, basketball, boxing & track. Although he was recruited by many schools, he quickly decided to accept a full ride football scholarship to the University of California, Berkeley.
He was a four-year letterman and three-year starter on the Golden Bears Football Team with Head coaches Joe Kapp (84'-86') and Bruce Snyder (87'-88'). Tuatagaloa was voted Captain his senior year by his teammates. To his benefit, his five-year position coach Rod Marinelli, (2006 Detroit Lions Head Coach), characterizes the level of talent at a B- while grading the Work Ethic at an A+. Tuatagaloa earned All Pac-10 honors and held the Golden Bear Sack record until 1996. He also was awarded the Brick Muller Award, warded to the most valuable lineman. Tuatagaloa graduated with a BA in History.
Tuatagaloa spent six years playing professional football in the NFL. As a Defensive Lineman, Tuatagaloa was drafted number 138 in the 5th round in 1989 and played for the 1989, 1990, & 1991 Cincinnati Bengals under head coach Sam Wyche. Tuatagaloa played for the 1992 & 1993 Seattle Seahawks with Coach Tom Flores. Tuatagaloa, in his fifth season, made seven tackles, two sacks and intercepted a pass in exhibition games. Tuatagaloa played for both the New Orleans Saints and Houston Oilers in 1995 under head coaches Jim Mora and Jeff Fisher. He was a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed against the NFL in regarded to the NFL's Plan B free agency rules.
Upon returning to San Rafael in 1996, Tuatagaloa joined IDEX Global Services, Inc. to develop the California Telecommunications Services Division. During his eight-year career at IDEX, Tuatagaloa was involved with all facets of the business and quickly rose through the ranks to ultimately become the President of the Western Region in 2004.
Currently, Tuatagaloa is a Principal at BEI Gateway which provides turn-key solutions for Facilities and Technology Infrastructure.
Tuatagaloa was elected to the San Rafael City School Board in November 2001 with 31.39% and is serving a second term as trustee and the current Board President.
Member of the San Rafael Rotary Club #409 in District 5150. He was inducted into the Marin County Athletic Hall of Fame in November 2004. He is also a member of the Board of Directors for the Marin Athletic Foundation.
Tuatagaloa and his wife Judy reside in San Rafael with daughters, Tianna, Malia and McKenna.

</doc>
<doc id="20149100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149100" title="Non-receptor tyrosine kinase">
Non-receptor tyrosine kinase

Non-receptor tyrosine kinases (nRTKs) are cytoplasmic enzymes that are responsible for catalysing the transfer of a phosphate group from a nucleoside triphosphate donor, such as ATP, to a tyrosine residues in proteins. Non-receptor tyrosine kinases are a subgroup of protein family tyrosine kinases, enzymes that can transfer the phosphate group from ATP to a tyrosine residue of a protein (phosphorylation). These enzymes regulate many cellular functions by switching on or switching off other enzymes in a cell.
Unlike the receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs), the second subgroup of tyrosine kinases, the non-receptor tyrosine kinases are cytoplasmic enzymes. Thirty-two non-receptor tyrosine kinases have been identified in human cells (). Non-receptor tyrosine kinases regulate for example cell's growth, proliferation, differentiation, adhesion, migration and apoptosis and they are critical components in the regulation of the immune system.
Function.
The main function of nRTKs is their involvement in signal transduction in activated T- and B-cells in the immune system; signaling by many receptors is dependent on nRTKs including T-cell receptors (TCR); B-cell receptors (BCR), IL-2 receptors (IL-2R), Ig receptors, erythropoietin (EpoR) and prolactin receptors. CD4 and CD8 receptors on T lymphocytes require for their signaling the Src family member Lck. When antigen binds to T-cell receptor, Lck becomes autophosphorylated and phosphorylates the zeta chain of the T-cell receptor, subsequently another nRTK, Zap70, binds to this T-cell receptor and then participates in downstream signaling events that mediate transcriptional activation of cytokine genes. Another Src family member Lyn is involved in signaling mediated by B-cell receptor. Lyn is activated by stimulation of B-cell receptor, which leads to the recruitment and phosphorylation of Zap70-related nRTK, Syk. Another nRTK, Btk, is also involved in signaling mediated by the B-cell receptor. Mutations in the Btk gene are responsible for X-linked agammaglobulinemia, a disease characterized by the lack of mature B-cells.
Structure.
Unlike receptor tyrosine kinases, nRTKs lack receptor-like features such as an extracellular ligand-binding domain and a transmembrane-spanning region. The most of nRTKs are localized in the cytoplasm, but some nRTKs are anchored to the cell membrane through amino-terminal modification. These enzymes commonly have a modular construction and individual domains are joined together by linker sequences. One of the important domain of nRTKs is tyrosine kinase catalytic domain, which is about 275 residues in length. The structure of catalytic domain can be divided to small and large lobe, ATP binds to a small lobe and protein substrate binds to a large lobe. Upon binding of ATP and substrate to nRTKs, catalysis of phosphate transfer occurs in a cleft between these two lobes. It was found that nRTKs have some sequence preference around the target Tyr. For example, Src preferred sequence is Glu–Glu/Asp–Ile–Tyr–Gly/Glu–Glu–Phe and Abl preferred sequence is Ile/Val–Tyr–Gly–Val–Leu/Val. Different preferred sequences around Tyr in Src and Abl suggest that these two types of nRTKs phosphorylates different targets. 
Non-receptor tyrosine kinases do not contain only a tyrosine kinase domain, nRTKs possess also domains that mediate protein-protein, protein-lipid, and protein-DNA interactions. One of the protein-protein interaction domains in nRTKs are the Src homology 2 (SH2) and 3 (SH3) domains. The longer SH2 domain (~100 residues) binds phosphotyrosine (P-Tyr) residues in a sequence-specific manner. The P-Tyr interacts with SH domain in a deep cleft, which cannot binds unphosphorylated Tyr. The SH3 domain is smaller (~60 residues) and binds proline-containing sequences capable of forming a polyproline type II helix. 
Some NRTKs without SH2 and SH3 domains possess some subfamily-specific domains used for protein-protein interactions. For example specific domains that target enzymes to the cytoplasmic part of cytokine receptors (Jak family) or two domains: an integrin-binding domain and a focal adhesion-binding domain (Fak family). The nRTK Abl possess the SH2 and SH3 domains, but also possesses other domains for interactions: F actin–binding domain and a DNA-binding domain contains a nuclear localization signal and is found in both the nucleus and the cytoplasm. In addition to SH2 and SH3 domains, Btk/Tec subfamily of nRTKs possess another modular domain, a pleckstrin homology (PH) domain. These PH domains bind to phosphatidylinositol lipids that have been phosphorylated at particular positions on the head group. These enzymes can bind to activated signaling complexes at the membrane through PH domain interactions with phosphorylated phosphatidylinositol lipids.
Regulation.
The most common theme in nRTKs and RTK regulation is tyrosine phosphorylation. With few exceptions, phosphorylation of tyrosines in the activation loop of nRTKs leads to an increase in enzymatic activity. Activation loop phosphorylation occurs via trans-autophosphorylation
or phosphorylation by a different nRTKs. It is possible to negatively regulate kinase activity by phosphorylation of tyrosines outside of the activation loop. Protein tyrosine phoshatases (PTPs) restore nRTKs to their basal state of activity. In some cases PTPs positively regulate nRTKs activity.
Src and Abl
Tyrosine kinases of Src family contain the same typical structure: myristoylated terminus, a region of positively charged residues, a short region with low sequence homology, SH3 and SH2 domains, a tyrosine kinase domain, and a short carboxy-terminal tail. There are two important regulatory tyrosine phosphorylation sites. To repress kinase activity it is possible by phosphorylation of Tyr-527 in the carboxy-terminal tail of Src by the NRTK Csk. By the experiment of v-Src, an oncogenic variant of Src, the importance of this phosphorylation site was confirmed. This oncogenic v-Src is a product of the Rous sarcoma virus and as a result of an carboxy-terminal truncation, v-Src lacks the negative regulatory site Tyr-527 leading this enzyme to be constitutively active that in turn causes uncontrolled growth of infected cells. Moreover, substitution of this tyrosine with phenylalanine in c-Src results in activation. A second regulatory phosphorylation site in Src is Tyr-416. This is an autophosphorylation site in the activation loop. It was found that a phosphorylation of Tyr-416 and Tyr-416 can suppressing the transforming ability of the activating Tyr-527→Phe mutation by Tyr-416→Phe mutation leads to maximal stimulation of kinase activity.
Both the SH2 and SH3 domains are important for a negative regulation of Src activity. Mutations in the SH2 and SH3 domains that disrupt binding of phosphotyrosine lead to activation of kinase activity. Although the nRTK Abl contains SH3, SH2, and kinase domains in the same linear order as in Src, regulation of Abl is different. Abl lacks the negative regulatory phosphorylation site that is present in the carboxy terminus of Src, so the carboxy terminus of Abl does not have a functional role in the control of kinase activity. In a contrast to Src, mutations in the SH2 domain of Abl that abrogates phosphotyrosine binding do not activate Abl in vivo. For the repression of kinase activity of Abl is important the SH3 domain; mutations in the SH3 domain result in activation of Abl and cellular transformation.
ZAP70/Syk and JAKs
The kinase activity of Syk is regulated by the SH2 domains. Binding of the two SH2 domains to the tyrosine-phosphorylated ITAM (immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activation motif) sequences in the &zeta chain of the T-cell receptor is thought to relieve an inhibitory restraint on the kinase domain, leading to stimulation of catalytic activity. Kinase activity of Zap70 can be increased by phosphorylation of Tyr-493 in the activation loop by Src family member Lck. Conversely the phosphorylation of Tyr-492 inhibit the kinase activity of Zap70; the mutation of Tyr-492 to phenylalanine results in Zap70 hyperactivity.
Jak family members possess a fully functional tyrosine kinase domain and additionally pseudo-kinase domain in which substitution of several key catalytic residues leads to inactivation of kinase activity. This pseudo-kinase domain is enzymatically nonfunctional, but mybe it plays a role in the regulation of Jak activity. The experiments with a mutant of the Jak family member Tyk2, in which the pseudo-kinase domain is deleted, showed that these mutant enzyme lacks catalytic activity in vitro and is not capable of interferon-mediated signal transduction. In contrast, another mutant of the Jak family Jak2, also lacking the pseudo-kinase domain, was able to mediate growth hormone signaling. The role of the pseudo-kinase domain in Jak regulation is still not fully understood. There are two tyrosine phosphorylation sites within the activation loop. It is known that the autophosphorylation of the first of these tyrosines is important for stimulation of tyrosine kinase activity and biological function, but the role of the second tyrosine is not clear.
JAKs are also regulated by SOCS (suppressor of cytokine signaling) proteins. These proteins contain a pseudo-substrate sequence thought to interfere with Jak substrate binding and phosphoryl transfer. In addition to a pseudo-substrate sequence,SOCS proteins possess an SH2 domain that binds to a phosphotyrosine in the Jak activation loop, which may facilitate interaction between the pseudosubstrate sequence and the kinase domain. Binding of the SH2 domain to the activation loop could also block substrate access directly or alter the conformation of the activation loop to repress catalytic activity.
Inhibitors.
The mutation in a gene for non-receptor tyrosine kinase can results an aberrant activity of this enzyme. This pathologically incerased activity of nRTK may be responsible for growth and progression of cancer cells, the induction of drug-resistance, formation of metastasis and tumor neovascularization. The inhibition of nRTKs could help to a treatment of these tumors. Some of nRTKs inhibitors are already tested as an anti-cancer agents. This targed therapy blocks intracellular processes involved in the tumor transformation of cells and / or maintenance of malignant phenotype of tumor cells. For the targeted blocade of RTK are usually used a monoclonal antibodies, which block extracellular domain of the receptor and prevent the binding of a ligand. For the specific blocade of nRTKs, however, are used low molecular weight substances called tyrosine-kinase inhibitors (TKI), that block the transduction cascade either at the intracytosplasmatic level, or directly block the nRTKs.
Examples.
Examples of non-receptor tyrosine kinases include:

</doc>
<doc id="20149105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149105" title="One in a Million (season 3)">
One in a Million (season 3)

One in a Million is Malaysia's first ever reality singing competition to offer a RM 1 million prize to the winner. The third season, which was airedfrom 23 January to 1 May 2009, was won by Shah Indrawan Ismail, the first male and first established artiste to do so.
Auditions.
The preliminary auditions for season three of "One in a Million" were held in the following locations:
This time, auditions were open to hopefuls aged 16 to 32, compared to the previous season's 18-30 limit. Besides these, pre-audition road shows were held in these cities (two weeks before their respective auditions), featuring promotions for One in a Million and performances by OIAM alumni from both past seasons.
All preliminary auditions were preceded by different judges. Those who qualified from the auditions underwent another audition stage in Berjaya Times Square on 30 November and 1 December, where they met Paul Moss and Syafinaz. The telecast on 8TV began with footage from this stage, unlike in previous seasons which began with the individual preliminary auditions.
Not unlike in previous seasons, artistes who still or used to hold recording contracts were still welcome, but this time around, they skipped the preliminary auditions to participate on the main audition on 1 December, in the Gardens Hotel, Mid Valley. Among those who qualified included Norafizah Mohd Yasin, winner of TV3's "Mentor"; Tomok, lead vocalist of New Boyz; Amylea Azizan, "Akademi Fantasia" alumnus.
Central Eliminations.
Only eighty have qualified into the Central Eliminations round held in Peninsula Residence, Damansara from 11 till 19 December (aired on 6 and 13 February). A major twist in this season is the Blind Test, in which contestants performed behind a paper screen, only to have their shadows seen by the judges which focused on their voices, brought forward as the first challenge. According to Moss, he and Syafinaz would have found it more effective to sort out the more desirable voices. 20 have been eliminated from this stage.
Secondly, came the group singing in which the remaining sixty formed into groups of six or seven, each of which are all of the same gender. The female groups chose between "One Step at a Time" (Jordin Sparks) and "Cinta di Akhir Garisan" (Ziana Zain); while the males had "Juwita (Citra Terindah)" (M. Nasir) or "My Girl" (The Temptations). Another 20 were sent packing after this test.
The remaining forty were divided into the Top 20 and Bottom 20 based on the judges' evaluation, after which each of the Top 20 picked an MP3 player from a table, studies the song in it, and chose a duet partner from the Bottom 20. Paul Moss remarked had he been in the Top 20, he would pick a weaker contestant to gain an edge into the next stage. Having said that, the twenty best finalists were selected "not" based on being the better in their respective pairs.
The Central Eliminations concluded with a one-on-one final evaluation in which each contestant went on stage either alone or in a pair, sang on their own in front of the judges, each contestant was shown their fate immediately after their performance ends. As is of the previous seasons, only 12 make it into the competition rounds.
Performances.
The competitive performances are held every Friday, going on-air at 9.30 pm, beginning 20 February 2009, in Sri Pentas 2, Plaza Alam Sentral, Shah Alam. The surprise of the season is, each week from Top 12 till Top 7, an immunity will be granted to the week's best performer as per judges' evaluation, which exempts him/her from the voting sessions, thus guaranteeing him/her a spot in each coming week's performances. As usual, voting lines open only after the show, with which viewers send in SMSes to vote in or out each contestant. The finalist with the lowest votes leaves at the beginning of each coming week's show.
Top 12 (20 February 2009).
The Top 12 opened their first night with the song "Itu Kamu" (originally sung by Estranged).
The judges announced the immunity system as their surprise after all 12 performed individually, with Esther being first given the honour to be exempt from the decisive public voting.
Top 11: Memori Tercipta (27 February 2009).
The theme of the night was "Memori Tercipta" ("A Memory is Born"), songs which remind them of someone).
Top 9: Songwriters' Week (13 March 2009).
Finalists selected from ten contemporary Malaysian songs and sought guidance from the songs' respective composer.
Top 8: Opposites Attract (20 March 2009).
Each contestant performed a song originally recorded by singers of the different gender from theirs.
Top 7 (27 March 2009).
Amylea introduced an original composition of hers for the first time in this performing week; however it did not suffice for the judges who eventually granted Tomok his second immunity for improvising one of Syafinaz's songs.
Top 6 (3 April 2009).
The judges announced that no new immunity would be granted for the rest of the competition, thus resting the fate of all six finalists completely in the hands of the voting audience.
The Top 6 show lasted for just over an hour due to the decimated number of contestants and the time saved as the result of the immunity system being revoked.
Top 5: Sheila Majid (10 April 2009).
Contestants took on Sheila Majid's hit songs.
Top 4: In Concert (17 April 2009).
Each contestant was to pull off a concert-like, themed performance for approximately four minutes. Three of them did medleys.
Top 3: Judges and fans' favourites (24 April 2009).
The finalists were to repeat two songs which they performed through the weeks of the competition from Top 12 till Top 5.
Grand Final (1 May 2009).
The final stage of the competition was held in Stadium Malawati, Shah Alam, on 1 May 2009. Tomok narrowly escaped elimination after being announced to have the least votes at the moment, as a result of a week-long opinion poll set up by 8TV in which fans chose all three to compete rather than only two of them. Votes from last week's performances were carried forward to the one-hour showdown throughout which viewers could vote for the last time. Each contestant was assigned two SMS lines and one landline in anticipation of a major influx of votes.
Each contestant performed twice, one cover (♪) and an original song specially for the finale (♫).
At 10.30 pm, Tomok was announced the winner of OIAM3.

</doc>
<doc id="20149120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149120" title="Shimo-Kamoo Station">
Shimo-Kamoo Station


</doc>
<doc id="20149128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149128" title="Mytilus trossulus">
Mytilus trossulus

Mytilus trossulus, the bay mussel or foolish mussel, is a medium-sized edible marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae. 
"Mytilus trossulus" is one of the three principal, closely related taxa in the "Mytilus edulis" complex of blue mussels, which collectively are widely distributed on the temperate to subarctic coasts the Northern Hemisphere, and often are dominant inhabitants on hard substrates of the intertidal and nearshore habitats.
Distribution.
"Mytilus trossulus" is the main native intertidal mussel in the Northern Pacific. In North America it is found from California to Alaska, and in Asia from Hokkaido northwards. At its southern limits, it hybridizes with "Mytilus galloprovincialis" (the Mediterranean mussel), which has been introduced to the Pacific by human activity.
In the North Atlantic, "M. trossulus" is found on the U.S. coast of Maine and northwards to Canada, as well as in scattered localities on North European coasts. In these regions it often coexists and hybridizes with "Mytilus edulis". The entire Baltic Sea is inhabited by a peculiar population of "Mytilus trossulus", which shows some genetic introgression from "M. edulis" and whose mitochondrial DNA has been replaced by "M. edulis" mtDNA. 
Trivia.
The species is the subject of long-term environmental monitoring in Prince William Sound, Alaska, to examine hydrocarbon signatures in order to develop a better understanding of the ecosystem's ongoing recovery from the Exxon Valdez oil spill which occurred there.

</doc>
<doc id="20149130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149130" title="Landry Macrez">
Landry Macrez

Landry Macrez (born 30 April 1982) is a French professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Albatros de Brest in the FFHG Division 1.
Career.
Macrez made his senior professional debut for Dragons de Rouen in France's Ligue Magnus in 2002 and, in his first season, Macrez and the Dragon's were crowned Ligue Magnus champions. After two seasons in Rouen he moved to another Ligue Magnus team, Corsaires de Dunkerque, where he spent 2004 and 2005. The 2005 season, however, saw them relegated to FFHG Division 1 and Macrez, looking to return to competition at the highest level, returned to Rouen and the Ligue Magnus for season 2006. Another shift in 2007 saw Macrez tend goal for Gothiques d'Amiens before arriving at the Lyon Hockey Club for season 2008. In 2009 he moved to Amnéville Galaxians and in 2010 he moved to Albatros de Brest.
Macrez has represented France at the 1999 Under-18 World Championships, the 2001 Under-20 World Championships and the 2006 Senior B World Championships where he was part of France's world champion team.
Playing Style.
Macrez is a left-handed goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20149144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149144" title="Intendant of Brittany">
Intendant of Brittany

The Intendancy of Brittany was an intendancy created in 1689 by Louis XIV, after 2 attempts to do so in 1636 and 1647. The governor of Brittany had a more prestigious role, but the intendant was the essential relay for the monarch's will.
Vers à M. l'intendant de Bretagne sur le discours qu'il a prononcé à l'ouverture des États de 1786.» Archives, C 94</ref>
La compétence de l'intendant est étroitement dépendante des "desiderata" du pouvoir royal sur une base théorique divisée en trois volets :
L'intendant de Bretagne a toujours eu ses bureaux au cœur de la ville de Rennes, à l'hôtel de Blossac. Vers la fin du , son subdélégué-général supervise trois services : guerre, ponts et chaussées, villes et communautés, l'ensemble comportant une cinquantaine d'agents.
Comme les autres généralités du royaume, le territoire de la province est divisé en plusieurs zones, chacune confiée à un correspondant de l'intendant appelé "subdélégué". Les besoins liés à l'administration s'accroissant au long du siècle, le nombre des subdélégations s'accrût afin d'avoir un territoire plus restreint.
Selon les hommes en place, les facteurs contingents et la politique générale, le rôle de l'intendance s'exprima selon des formes sensiblement différentes.
En Bretagne, par-delà leurs multiples interventions, les réalisations les plus tangibles des intendants concernèrent l'amélioration des "grands chemins" ainsi que des opérations d'urbanisme.
History of the institution.
In 1786, the headquarters of the intendance was displaced to Nantes to remove it from the immediate influence of the parliament and the Estates General or their committees. The towns of Brest, Chateaubriand, Le Croisic, Dinan, La Guerche, Lamballe, Montfort and Saint-Brieuc sent letters of protest in reply to the letter that they had received from the community of Rennes ; the officers of the présidial or the corporations joined this movement, as did the officers of the maîtres-perruquiers.

</doc>
<doc id="20149148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149148" title="1996 Women's Pacific Rim Championship">
1996 Women's Pacific Rim Championship

The 1996 IIHF Women's Pacific Rim Championship was an international ice hockey tournament held between April 1 and 6, 1996, in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada.
Canada won their second title in this event completing a 100% record in this competition as it was the last year that it was held. The Canadians won all of their games defeating the United States 4-1 in the final.
Teams and format.
Four teams completed in this tournament. The teams were:
The teams first played a full round robin against each other. After these three games, all teams proceeded to the semi-final (1st vs 4th and 2nd vs 3rd) with the winning teams meeting in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20149162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149162" title="Warmsworth railway station">
Warmsworth railway station

Warmsworth railway station was a railway station to serve the village of Warmsworth, South Yorkshire, England and was on the Hull and Barnsley and Great Central Joint Railway. It was built ready for the opening of the line on 1 May 1916 with flanking platforms and facilities, however, although the line opened to goods traffic on that date, along with the other stations on the line it never opened for passengers.
The only passenger trains to operate over the line were enthusiasts specials, the last of these being the "Doncaster Decoy" on 5 October 1968

</doc>
<doc id="20149187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149187" title="Dan Gendur">
Dan Gendur

Dan Gendur (born May 21, 1987) is a professional ice hockey winger currently playing for the Rapid City Rush of the CHL. Gendur played junior hockey in British Columbia, spending one season in the British Columbia Hockey League (BCHL) before four seasons in the major junior Western Hockey League (WHL), split between the Prince George Cougars and the Everett Silvertips. While in the WHL he was selected in the seventh round of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft by the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). Gendur turned professional in 2008 with the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League (AHL), a minor league affiliate of the Canucks, before being reassigned to the Victoria Salmon Kings of the ECHL, another Canucks affiliate. Gendur would also play for the ECHL's Johnstown Chiefs. In 2010 Gendur was involved in a trade between the Canucks and Nashville Predators. As a result he started the 2010–11 season with the Predators AHL affiliate, the Milwaukee Admirals, before joining the Killer Bees.
Playing career.
A native of Vancouver, Gendur played Junior A hockey for one season in the British Columbia Hockey League (BCHL) with the Cowichan Valley Capitals. The following season, in 2004–05, he joined the major junior ranks with the Prince George Cougars of the Western Hockey League (WHL). In his draft year, in 2006–07, Gendur was traded to the Everett Silvertips and accumulated 49 points between the two teams. He was then drafted in the off-season by the his hometown team, the Vancouver Canucks in the 7th round, 206th overall, in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. Gendur returned to the Silvertips upon being drafted and recorded a team-leading 84 points, eighth overall in league scoring and good for WHL West Second Team All-Star honours.
In 2008–09, Gendur turned pro and was assigned by the Canucks to the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League (AHL). After a brief stint with Manitoba, he was re-assigned to the Victoria Salmon Kings of the ECHL. On December 10, 2009 Gendur was reassigned to the Johnstown Chiefs after only playing eight games with Victoria in the 2009–10 season. 
Prior to the 2010–11 season Gendur was traded, along with Shane O'Brien to the Nashville Predators in exchange for Ryan Parent and Jonas Andersson. With the intention of joining the Rio Grande Valley Killer Bees of the Central Hockey League before the trade, Gendur travelled via the Milwaukee Admirals before rejoining the Killer Bees with the Predators permission. 
In his second season with Rio Grande, Gendur lead the team in scoring with 73 points to finish 7th amongst the league leaders. With the Killer Bees rendered defunct at years end, he signed a one-year contract with inaugural ECHL club, the Evansville IceMen on July 30, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20149202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149202" title="Once Upon a Midnight">
Once Upon a Midnight

Production history.
Once Upon a Midnight is a Japanese/Australian rock musical. The script is bilingual, featuring seven Japanese performers and seven Australian performers. It follows the adventures of Kelsey Clarke and the warrior doll Nozomi as they journey to the Underground to liberate the monster world from the mysterious Angelica. 
The show was first performed at the Kijimuna Festival in Okinawa, Japan, and later appeared as a headline act at the OzAsia Festival in Adelaide, South Australia. It was a collaboration between the Kijimuna Festival, Flinders University Drama Centre and Adelaide Festival Centre.
Synopsis.
Kelsey Clarke is very afraid. She is afraid of germs, she is afraid of traffic…even the toaster makes her feel very afraid. 
Deep in the Underground, the monsters are afraid too. Angelica, the Blue Fairy, has flown into their world. No longer will the monsters be allowed to terrify unsuspecting children, no longer can they drink blood and dance the night away.
Powerless to confront Angelica, the Tengu — Lord of the Underground — has no choice but to find the world’s most frightened child and teach her to confront her fear. For timid Kelsey, this means putting on her best cardigan and plunging headlong into the monster kingdom — from murky swamps to haunted Ghost Roads! 
With an enchanted doll and a vegetarian vampire to guide her, Kelsey touches her darker side. But is becoming her own nightmare any better than cowering alone under blankets? Can Kelsey summon the courage to find her true self, face her demons and stand against the magical Angelica? Or will the sun rise forever on a future where only the fearful survive?
Intercultural Significance.
Director Catherine Fitzgerald claimed in Rip It Up magazine that Once Upon a Midnight has a metaphorical base
"It works on many levels. Is it about a young kid with fear who gets kidnapped by monsters? Or is it something else? Is it about the war on terror? There are a lot of things layered into the story."
The show was written in equal parts English and Japanese, with Australian playwright Alex Vickery-Howe working closely with Japanese translator Ken Yamamura. The combination of languages posed interesting challenges. Quoted in Lowdown Magazine, Yamamura said 
"... the sense of humour is completely different and also the words we use English for the humour completely different. So I translated literally with description and Japanese cast still didn't find it funny so I had to come up with something equivalent to that joke to find the Japanese understanding."
Vickery-Howe added 
"Sarcasm is lost. I offended a lot of people just being myself... it's that Australian thing of saying 'I hate you' but really meaning 'I like you' which is taken literally."
Journalist Ursula Beaumont goes on to note that 
"Targeting teenage audiences with an experience that introduces 'the other' in a fun, positive, familiar way with the monsters crossing the cultural divide, is a refreshing approach to gaining understanding of another culture. What's more, it's a young bi-cultural cast strutting their stuff, making the production a unique work..."
Speaking to the Helpmann Academy's Arts Magazine actor Matthew Crook reflected on the experience of working interculturally
Critical reception.
In his four out of five review "Battle Lines are Drawn", Matt Byrne described the show as a "head-on mix of Japanese and English dialogue and lyrics as the characters alternate languages. Sounds crazy, and sometimes it is. But somehow it works, thanks to its inexhaustible ensemble."
In his enthusiastic review for Rip It Up, Barry Lenny praised Mai Kakimoto for her "standout performance" as Nozomi and described the show as both "superb" and "a high energy, fast-paced work that captures the imagination" noting "influences of Noh, Kabuki, Butoh and even Bunraku in evidence." 
Youth reviewer Sam Ryan said "Not only was Once Upon a
Midnight an excellent example of
cross cultural collaboration and
exchange, it was also pure fun
all the way through" while Richard Flynn for the Adelaide Theatre Guide praised the use of both Japanese and English in the text, saying "they have no need of surtitles! All is clear enough, and very clever!", adding "Will Kelsey Clarke conquer the night, her seemingly boundless fears of germs, her big brother, traffic, and all the people in the world who are not ‘like her’? She and her friends certainly conquered one Adelaide Opening Night audience!"
Song List.
"Bring on the Night":
Yoshiki, Scratch, Kango, Tweetles and the Vultures
"Frightened of the World":
Kelsey 
"Dance, Monster, Dance":
Kango 
"Into the Dark":
Nozomi, Scratch, Kelsey, Yoshiki, Ryan, Leiko, Tweetles and the Vultures
"Hot Red Sugar":
Damon, Zombies
"Taming of the Wolf":
Scratch, Angelica
"Make Believe":
Kelsey, Damon, Shima, Ryan, Yoshiki, Nozomi, Tweetles and the Vultures
"Close Your Eyes":
Angelica
"The Night is Ours Again":
Company
Cast.
Monsters of the Underground.
Nozomi, the Ningyō: Mai Kakimoto
Angelica, the Blue Fairy: Michelle Pastor
Shima, the Kijimuna: Shusaku Uchida
Yoshiki, the Tengu: Tenchou
Kango, the Kappa: Shimabukuro Hiroyuki
Damon, the Vampire: David Hirst
Scratch, the Werewolf: Chris Asimos
People of Earth.
Kelsey, a fourteen-year-old girl: Lauren Henderson
Ryan, her brother, sixteen: Matthew Crook
Leiko, a toddler: Keiichi Yonamine
The Vultures.
Tweetles: Melissa Matheson
Flopsy: David Hirst
Bedlam: Michelle Pastor
Kowashimashou: Shusaku Uchida
Zuru-Zuru: Keiko Yamaguchi
Hiyokko: Ken Yamamura
Production credits.
Director: Catherine Fitzgerald
Choreography: Yumi Umiumare
Assistant Director: Momoko Iwaki
Costume Design: Oka Kazuyo
Dramaturg: Julie Holledge
Set Design: Naomi Steel
Design consultant: Mary Moore
Stills Photographer: Tomoaki Kudaka
Music consultant: Stuart Day
Sword Fight Choreographer: Tuyoshi China
Lighting Designer (Japan): Yoshimi Sakamoto
Lighting Designer (Australia): Fred Schultz
Stage Manager (Australia): Maj Green
Production Manager (Australia): Andrew Bailey
Set Construction (Australia): Glen Finch
Book Translation (to Japanese): Ken Yamamura with Yumi Umiumare
Lyrics Translation (to Japanese): Ken Yamamura, Yumi Umiumare, Keiko Yamaguchi, and Mai Kakimoto
Produced by Hisashi Shimoyama, Artistic Director of the Kijimuna Festival, and
Professor Julie Holledge, Flinders University Drama Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20149215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149215" title="Kjell Elvis">
Kjell Elvis

Kjell Henning Bjørnestad (known as Kjell Elvis or K. Elvis) (born March 12, 1968), is a Norwegian professional Elvis impersonator: He is an Elvis look alike and has had plastic surgery to look more like Elvis. He is also a sound alike and has released a couple of albums with Elvis songs.
Kjell Elvis was born in Farsund, was raised in Vanse, and currently resides in Lyngdal. While he was in the military in 1988, he started doing some Elvis impersonating. He has had plastic surgery a number of times, to look more like his idol, Elvis Presley, the first one in 1994. In 1997, a media company of Norway, the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation, showed the documentary "Kjell Elvis", about his life as an impersonator. The documentary was also shown in Sweden, Germany and Denmark.
He arranged an Elvis Festival in Kristiansand in Norway in 2001, but it was not an economic success. He arranged a new festival in Oslo in 2002. He is (per August 2003) the only full time professional Elvis impersonator in Scandinavia.
He broke the world record for singing Elvis hits, in August 2003, when he sang nonstop for 26 hours, four minutes and 40 seconds. The Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation also set a record for themselves, by streaming the whole 26 hour concert on their website.
He is also known for having supported his friend Vidar Kleppe, a former MP for the Progress Party, and in 2001 stated that "if Elvis were alive, he would have voted for the Progress Party". In the same year however, Kleppe broke away from the party and formed the Southern Norway List, which Kjell also joined and stood as a candidate himself, both unsuccessfully.
Awards and nominations.
In 1997, he came in sixth place in an Elvis competition in the United States. In 1999 he came second in an unofficial European Championships of Elvis impersonators, that took place in Germany. He won the Nordic Championships in 2001. He was named Europe's best Elvis-impersonator in 2006, and he came in third place at the World Championship for Elvis impersonators in 2006. In 2007, he was a finalist in "The Ultimate Elvis Tribute Contest", arranged by Elvis Presley Enterprises.

</doc>
<doc id="20149216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149216" title="Henri Fréville">
Henri Fréville

Henri Fréville (4 December 1905, Norrent-Fontes, Pas-de-Calais – 15 June 1987, Rennes, Ille-et-Vilaine) was a French history professor, resistor, writer and politician.
Life.
He was history professor at the lycée Chateaubriand at Rennes from 1932 and from 1949 to 1971 taught modern history at the Faculty of Letters at Rennes, which became the Université Rennes II. He was one of the founders of the Institut armoricain de recherches historiques.
On the Liberation, he was director of the cabinet of Victor Le Gorgeu, Commissaire régional de la République for the four Breton départements.
He was mayor (MRP) of Rennes from 1953 to 1977, president of the conseil général d'Ille-et-Vilaine from 1966 to 1976, député of the 1st constituency of Ille-et-Vilaine from 1958 to 1968, senator for Ille-et-Vilaine from 1970 to 1977. He was the target of an FLB attack on 26 August 1975.
Author of several works of history, he notably studied the behaviour of Breton nationalists during the Second World War through documents of the German military administration, recovered from the surroundings of the hôtel Majestic.
Honours.
On 10 May 1993 Rennes renamed its avenue de Crimée the avenue Henri-Fréville after him, and a metro station in the town (line A) is also named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20149222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149222" title="Salvatore Burrai">
Salvatore Burrai

Salvatore Burrai (born 26 May 1987 in Sassari) is an Italian professional footballer currently playing for Cagliari Calcio.

</doc>
<doc id="20149230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149230" title="South Western (Dirranbandi) railway line, Queensland">
South Western (Dirranbandi) railway line, Queensland

The South Western (Dirranbandi) line is a railway line in the south-west of the state of Queensland, Australia. It Junctions from the Southern line immediately south of Warwick railway station and proceeded westwards for a distance of 413 km to the town of Dirranbandi. A western extension to Boomie, approved by the Queensland Parliament in 1914, was never constructed. The line has since been truncated at Thallon.
It services the small towns of Inglewood (junction of the now closed Texas branch) and Goondiwindi as well as the villages of Yelarbon and Thallon among others.
History.
The South Western line opened as far as Thane in 1 July 1904 and was completed to Dirranbandi on 21 May 1913. A further extension of the line west of Dirranbandi was approved by Parliament in 1914 but never constructed.
Passenger services no longer service the South Western line though it is still used for freight as far as Thallon. The line beyond there was extensively damaged in the 2011 flood and has not been repaired.
Passenger Services.
The South Western Mail was introduced as a twice weekly service in 1910. Upon the opening of the line to Dirranbandi, the train departed Brisbane at 8.45pm, arrived at Warwick 4am, Goondiwindi 10am and Dirranbandi 4.30pm. The return service departed 11.30am, arrived Goondiwindi 5.35pm, Warwick 11.35pm and Brisbane 7.10am the following morning.
The South Western line was the last railway in Australia to be serviced by mail trains. The last Dirranbandi Mail ran on 11 February 1993. Long-distance bus operators such as Crisps Coaches and Greyhound Australia now serve towns along the route.
Current line standards.
The section from Warwick to Goodiwindi is laid with 30, 41 & 47 kg/m rail, 25-50% steel sleepers, a maximum axle load of 15.75 tonnes and a line speed of 80 km/h. The steepest grade on the section is 1 in 44 (~2.3%), and the minimum radius curve is 200m.
The next section to Thallon has similar rail, a 70 km/h line speed to Toobeah, 60 km/h beyond, a maximum grade of 1 in 50 (2%) and minimum 400m radius curves.
The last section to Dirranbandi had 20 kg/m rail, a 10 tonne axle load and 40 km/h line speed.

</doc>
<doc id="20149236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149236" title="Quinette Cemetery">
Quinette Cemetery

Quinette Cemetery is an historic landmark located in Kirkwood, Missouri, a suburb of the city of St. Louis. The cemetery is the burial site of African American Civil War soldiers, slaves, as well as World War II soldiers. It is also regarded as the oldest African American Cemetery West of the Mississippi River.

</doc>
<doc id="20149270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149270" title="Woodland High School">
Woodland High School

Woodland High School may refer to schools in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="20149274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149274" title="Françoise Morvan">
Françoise Morvan

Françoise Morvan (born 1958, Rostrenen, Côtes-d'Armor) is a French writer who specialises in Breton history and culture.
She studied literature in Colombes, then at the Sorbonne. Her doctoral thesis was in French literature, discussing the work of Armand Robin. She later wrote another thesis on the work on François-Marie Luzel. 
Her subsequent works typically fall into five different areas of literature:
Theatre.
Her translation of Eugene O'Neill's "Desire Under the Elms" led her to translate other dramatic literature, such as John Millington Synge and parts Seán O'Casey. She has also created new translations of Chekhov and Shakespeare in collaboration with André Markowicz. She won the 2006 Molière prize for best theatrical adaptation with André Markowicz for her version of Chekhov's "Platonov", directed by Alain Francon. 
She also creates shows for Breton theatre troupes, notably "Le Pain des âmes, D'un Buisson de ronces" ("Spiritual Bread: of a Thornbush"). She also adapted the myth of "Sainte Tryphine et le roi Arthur" ("Saint Tryphine and King Arthur") from the writings of Luzel.
Critical editions.
She published editions of the works of Armand Robin, including his manuscripts, which she first published in their full original form, which had previously been truncated. 
She has also published the prose works of François-Marie Luzel (eighteen volumes) by scrupulously adhering to Luzel's manuscripts, given in facsimile and always giving the original text where they exist in both the French and Breton languages (Tales of Brittany, Rennes University Press). 
She has also published works by Danielle Collobert, and has contributed over a hundred prefaces, articles and essays to scholarly editions of poetry and literature. 
She has also published translations of Marie de France and the poems of Sylvia Plath.
Children's literature.
"La Gavotte du mille pattes" (The thousand footed gavotte) was the first of her books of songs, followed by books of stories "La Femme du loup gris" (The Woman of the gray wolf), "L'École des loisirs" (School of recreation) and "Lutins et lutines" (Elves and goblins). She worked in collaboration with illustrators.
Folklore.
Editing Luzel led her to continue her research in the folklore of the fantastic and supernatural, especially fairies and elves, as in "Vie et mœurs des lutins Bretons" (Life and manners of Breton elves) and "La douce vie des fées des eaux" (The sweet life of water-fairies). She considered authentic folk traditions to be an increasingly frail barrier against the commercialization of folklore. She aspired to authenticity by basing her studies on journals giving precise references and citing them specifically in the texts, while including her own form of humour and poetry based on these sources. 
She has expanded her work in folklore beyond Brittany to France as a whole and initiated the series "The Great Collections" published by "Ouest-France": it has published the folk-story collections of Jean-François Blade (Gascony), of Amélie Bosquet (Normandy) and Henry Carnoy (Picardy).
Breton regionalism.
Françoise Morvan has published a provisional autobiographical memoir, which is subtitled "drifting identity and nationalism in Brittany". She has published on the same theme an article which was reproduced by the Breton Information Group (Groupe information Bretagne, or GRIB), which she helped to found. She defended linguist François Falc'hun from numerous "telephone harassment campaigns" by Breton nationalists.
Her memoir "Le Monde comme si" (The world as if) caused controversy in Brittany bewcause of its attacks on the Breton regionalist movement (emsav). She discusses the arguments about the authenticity of "Barzaz Breiz", the cultural and political movements in Brittany, their attitude during World War II, the creation of the unified Breton spelling, the Cultural Institute of Brittany, the subsidies given for the Breton language, the Flag of Brittany, among other things.

</doc>
<doc id="20149296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149296" title="List of silent Bengali films">
List of silent Bengali films

List of films produced in Silent Film in Bengali film industry in the Bengali language.

</doc>
<doc id="20149305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149305" title="Hull and Barnsley and Great Central Joint Railway">
Hull and Barnsley and Great Central Joint Railway

The Hull and Barnsley and Great Central Joint Railway (also known as the Gowdall and Braithwell Railway) was a joint line which ran from Aire Junction, on the main line of the Hull and Barnsley Railway, near Gowdall to the Great Central and Midland Joint Railway at Braithwell Junction.
Description.
The railway consisted of a double track main line (21.375 miles in length) which branched from the Hull and Barnsley railway at Aire junction nr. Gowdall
The line crossed the Knottingley and Goole Canal (part of the Aire and Calder Navigation) via a rolling bascule lifting bridge. The river Don was also crossed by a girder truss bridge with approach spans on either side.
In addition to the main length of the line there were five branches: 
The line had five passenger stations although never a passenger service. The stations were situated on the edge or between the villages in their titles, even Doncaster (York Road) was well north of the town, beyond the Avoiding Line.
Laughton to Ravenfield joint line.
At the time of the construction of the South Yorkshire Joint Railway a joint line was authorised for the Great Central, Midland and Hull and Barnsley Railways to operate. This 4 mile line ran from Laugton (where it connected to the end of the Shireoaks, Laughton and Maltby Railway) to Ravenfield where it connected at Laugton West junction to the Great Central and Midland Railway's joint branch serving Silverwood Colliery. It connected to the Hull and Barnsley and Great Central Joint at Braithwell junction and opened in 1909.
History.
The line originally was to be worked by the Hull and Barnsley Railway and the Midland Railway; later in the planning stage the North Eastern Railway was offered running powers which resulted in the opposition of the Great Central. Eventually an act of parliament was passed in 1909 with the line as a joint H&BR and GC operation. The line opened on 1 May 1916.
The first closure came in 1939 with the south curve at York Road but the first main line closure, that from Bullcroft Junction to Aire Junction, took place in October 1958, however about one mile of this track was reopened in December 1961 and extended to Thorpe Marsh power station. This arrangement lasted until September 1970 when a new connection was put in from the WR&GR. Also in September 1970 the lines from Bullcroft Colliery to Skellow and Bullcroft Junction to Doncaster Junction closed. Warmsworth to Sprotborough closed in February 1969 and Warmsworth to Braithwell in March 1969 although this line had not seen through traffic for over 20 years.
In later years the line was used for wagon storage. First in the Second World War the southern section was used for the storage of 'cripples' – wagons repairable but with no time and no facilities to do the work in the war. It continued after the war with the line south of Warmsworth Junction being unavailable for traffic.
The development of the coalfield north of Doncaster did not, at that time, materialise and traffic was always 'light'. It was not until the line had been closed that the Selby Coalfield came on stream.

</doc>
<doc id="20149317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149317" title="Rino Passigato">
Rino Passigato

Archbishop Rino Passigato (born 29 March 1944 in Bovolone, Italy) is the current Roman Catholic Apostolic Nuncio to Portugal. He was ordained a Priest on the 29 Jun 1968 in Verona, Italy. In 1991 he was appointed to be the Titular Archbishop of "Nova Caesaris" and Apostolic Pro-Nuncio to Burundi. By 1996 he was Apostolic Nuncio to Bolivia and in 1999 he had moved on to Peru. In 8 Nov 2008 he took up his current post in Portugal that had been vacated by Archbishop Alfio Rapisarda, who had retired. He also served in the Apostolic Nunciature in Canberra (Australia)in the late 1970s and also in the United Kingdom under Apostolic Nuncio Barbaroto.

</doc>
<doc id="20149365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149365" title="Bulgarian Virtual University">
Bulgarian Virtual University

The Bulgarian Virtual University (BVU) is a partnership of Bulgarian universities collaborating in the development of distance and online education.
History.
The Bulgarian Virtual University (BVU) was established at the end of 2004. The initiative came from the Chairmen of the Council of Rectors of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, the Higher Certifying Committee, the Union of Teachers, the Federation of the Unions of Scientists, the Bulgarian Association of Information Technologies and other educational, research and business organisations. The agreement to set the BVU up was signed by the Rectors of 37 Universities and the Directors of 27 Institutes of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences.
Mission.
The idea of the initiators and founders was that the Bulgarian Virtual University would initially be a national educational portal to all universities in the country (similar to the Canadian Virtual University) and its independent functions and importance would gradually increase. As Professor Y. Kouzmanova, PhD, Chairman of the Council of Rectors, stated in her welcoming speech, "This is the first realistic step towards the integration of the universities in Bulgaria."
BVU has not been established with the aim of becoming a governing body, thus restricting and taking over some of the functions of the regional universities. The goal of BVU is not to teach students and confer qualifications at the moment because in Bulgaria there is no still legislation for virtual education.. 
The goal of BVU and the programme as a whole is to provide all-round technical and methodological support to the regional universities in their transition to electronic education, namely in setting up computer rooms and adopting software platforms for electronic education, as well as in developing web-based courses and virtual laboratories, creating virtual libraries, centres for distance learning, virtual universities and campuses. 
Another equally important goal of BVU is to promote the integration of the Bulgarian with the European and world virtual educational space. 
Success.
At the end of 2008 four years will have passed since the establishment of the Bulgarian Virtual University. 
Besides serving successfully as a portal to the regional universities, this site allows an interested person to start his search from a specific area of higher education, and going through the professional field, to find a relevant degree programme, and, eventually, the sites of the universities offering Bachelor courses in this programme. The BVU site is also the centre of the national network of virtual libraries in Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="20149366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149366" title="GlobalCampus">
GlobalCampus

GlobalCampus is a new online service attempting to match prospective students to universities and degrees worldwide.
History.
"GlobalCampus" was first introduced at the CASE European Annual Conference 2008
"GlobalCampus" has a board of advisors from academia including Sir Graeme Davies (Vice-Chancellor of University of London, Mauritz Van Rooijen, Pro Vice-Chancellor of University of Westminster and Sir James Drummond Bone, Vice-Chancellor of Liverpool University.
"GlobalCampus" seems to be an extension or replacement for StudentMash also run by UCTV Digital Ltd

</doc>
<doc id="20149389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149389" title="East Cape (New Zealand electorate)">
East Cape (New Zealand electorate)

East Cape is a former New Zealand Parliamentary electorate, from 1978 to 1993.
History.
The East Cape electorate was created in 1978. The seat was carved from the Bay of Plenty Electorate following a major redistribution. Originally it spanned from Whakatane in the north to the Gisborne suburb of Kaiti. Subsequent boundary changes drew the electorate further from Gisborne City and included Kawerau.
The seat was first won by Duncan MacIntyre of the National Party in 1978, who was previously MP for Bay of Plenty (1975–78). When he retired in 1984, the seat was won by Labour's Anne Collins with a majority of around 800 votes. Collins held the seat at the subsequent election by less than 240 votes.
Tony Ryall from the National Party won the seat in the 1990 general election landslide to the National Party.
In 1993, most of the electorate was included in the Eastern Bay of Plenty electorate, with the portion from Hicks Bay to south of Tokomaru Bay included in the Mahia electorate.
Population Centres.
Whakatane, Opotiki, Kawerau.
Election results.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="20149398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149398" title="1999 German motorcycle Grand Prix">
1999 German motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1999 German motorcycle Grand Prix was the ninth round of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 18 July 1999 at the Sachsenring.

</doc>
<doc id="20149404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149404" title="Kaba Group">
Kaba Group

Kaba Holding AG is a global security group based in Rümlang, Switzerland, and employing around 7,400 staff in over 60 countries. They are a publicly traded company listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange.
History.
The company was founded in 1862 in Zurich by Franz Bauer as a locksmith shop and cash register factory. The firm was sold in 1915 to Leo Bodmer, who renamed the company to Bauer AG. In 1934, the inventor Fritz Schori created the first cylinder lock with reversible key. Bauer AG patented the invention and named the lock after the firm's founder Franz Bauer, known in German as 'Kassenbauer' (maker of cash registers) - in short 'Kaba'. 
Over the years, the company gradually expanded its portfolio and established itself throughout Europe. In 1995, Bauer Holding AG was renamed Kaba Holding AG and the company's shares were listed on the Zurich stock exchange.
With the takeover of Unican Security Systems Ltd. (Montreal) in 2001, Kaba gained a foothold in North America and added the Silca, Ilco and Kaba Mas brands as part of the merger
In 2006, the company acquired the Wah Yuet Group in China, the US company Computerized Security Systems (CSS) with its Saflok and La Gard brands, and the Dutch company H. Cillekens Zn. B.V. In addition, various joint ventures with the Indian Minda Group were entered.
At Security 2008, Kaba was awarded the “Security Innovation Award” in gold for its newly developed identification technology RCID.
In 2011, Kaba sold the Business Segment Door Automation to the Japanese Nabtesco Group.
Areas of operation.
The Kaba Group produces components and systems for securing and organizing access as well as for recording enterprise and personnel data. The company operates with four business segments - Access + Data Systems EMEA/AP, Access + Data Systems Americas, Industrial Locks and Key Systems - providing the following groups of products:
References.
Kaba Spain company review

</doc>
<doc id="20149405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149405" title="Marbury">
Marbury

Marbury may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20149422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149422" title="Maoribank">
Maoribank

Maoribank is a suburb of Upper Hutt, located in the lower North Island of New Zealand. 
Te Āti Awa iwi had a village in Te Hau-Karetu (Maoribank) before European settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="20149425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149425" title="Victor Pierre Le Gorgeu">
Victor Pierre Le Gorgeu

Victor Pierre Le Gorgeu (5 May 1881, Quimper, Finistère - 11 September 1963, Paris) was a French politician of France's Third, Fourth and Fifth Republics. Among his offices have been senator for Finistère (1930–1940).

</doc>
<doc id="20149429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149429" title="DHL Freight">
DHL Freight

DHL Freight is a division of Deutsche Post DHL providing road and rail freight services across Europe, parts of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), North Africa and the Middle East. Together with DHL Global Forwarding (formerly DHL Danzas), it forms Deutsche Post's Freight/Forwarding business division.

</doc>
<doc id="20149505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149505" title="The Hard Way (1943 film)">
The Hard Way (1943 film)

The Hard Way is a 1943 Warner Bros. drama film directed by Vincent Sherman. The film was based on a story by Irwin Shaw which was reportedly
based on Ginger Rogers' relationship with her first husband, Jack Pepper (whom she married in 1928 at age 17) and her own mother, Lela. 
Plot.
Helen Chernen is an ambitious woman, determined to once and for all become rich. She pushes her younger sister Katie into a marriage with singer/dancer Albert Runkel. Katie has no interest in the man, but is desperate to leave the poor conditions she and her sister live in. Runkel's partner Paul Collins sees what Helen's real intentions are and tries to stop her from breaking Runkel's heart.
Now living in wealthier surroundings, Helen tries to make a start of Katie's career. She is able to put her on a Broadway play. Katie soon becomes a successful singer and actress, while Collins and Runkel's act flounders. Runkel can't bear the idea of his wife having more success than himself. Also annoyed with Helen's efforts to destroy his marriage, he eventually kills himself.
Meanwhile, Katie's popularity rises to her head and she becomes a wild party girl. Her behavior eventually costs her her career. They later meet up with Paul, who is now a successful band leader. He falls in love with Katie and they start a relationship. However, things get complicated when Helen reveals she is in love with him as well. 
Production.
Both Bette Davis and Ginger Rogers were initially offered the role of Helen, but both declined. Ida Lupino was then cast. Shaw wanted Howard Hawks or William Wyler to direct the film, but since they were busy with other projects producer Jerry Wald hired Vincent Sherman. Portions of a documentary film by Pare Lorentz were used to represent the mining town of Green Hill. To achieve a more realistic feel during the scenes that took place in Green Hill, neither Lupino nor Leslie wore makeup. The film's first and last scenes were added at Jack Warner's insistence that Lupino appear more glamorous in the opening scene. 
Awards.
Ida Lupino was awarded a New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actress for her role in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20149550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149550" title="The Second Coming (Kiss video)">
The Second Coming (Kiss video)

The Second Coming is a documentary video collection released by the band Kiss in 1998. The video is focused around the reunion of the original Kiss line-up and subsequent Alive/Worldwide Tour tour, which took place in 1996 and 1997.
Bonus Features.
Included as exclusive content on the DVD edition.
Reception.
"The Second Coming" was certified Platinum in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="20149570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149570" title="Jacques Denjean">
Jacques Denjean

Jacques Denjean is a French composer and arranger, active in the 1960s and 1970s.
He worked with artists such as Dionne Warwick, Françoise Hardy, Nana Mouskouri, Johnny Hallyday, Baris Manco, Maria del Mar Bonet and Guy Béart, chiefly as an arranger.
Denjean was also a member of the French vocal group, Les Double Six.
He is also known for his film scores, including:
Discography.
LPs
EPs
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="20149572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149572" title="Northern Council for Unity">
Northern Council for Unity

The Northern Council for Unity was an Irish republican political party founded in 1937 by Anthony Mulvey.
The group was formed in 1937 following the promulgation of the Constitution of Ireland with the intention of opposing any measures that it felt helped to recognise the legitimacy of the Parliament of Northern Ireland. A breakaway from the Nationalist Party, the group took up a policy of abstentionism towards the 1938 Northern Ireland general election but soon joined the Nationalists in the Éamon de Valera-led initiative the Anti-Partition League. The 'Mulveyites', as they were sometimes called, had merged back into the Nationalists by around 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20149575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149575" title="Majestic, Cannes">
Majestic, Cannes

Le Majestic is a famous prestige Grand Hotel of 1923 on the Croisette at Cannes on the Côte d'Azur It now belongs to the Lucien Barrière group. It is a traditional hotel for film stars attending the Cannes Festival.
History.
The present hotel is the result of the merger of the parcels of the former hôtel Beau-Rivage and of two neighbouring villas. Construction began in 1923 under the leadership of architect Théo Petit, also architect of the hôtel Normandy at Deauville. He produced an art deco design with a main façade and 2 rear wings, but only the east wing and the main body were finished when the hotel opened in 1926. The rest of the central body of the building was extended in 1928 by the architects Charles Nicod (prix de Rome) and Émile Molinié, at which date the interiors were also redecorated by Maurice Debenedetti. 2 floors were added to the top of the building in 1965 and in 1990 the façades were rebuilt uniformly in their original art deco style.
Location.
Le Majestic is located in the centre of the town of Cannes on the Croisette at 25 km from the aéroport de Nice via the road along the seaside, 1 km (5 mn) from the gare de Cannes, and faces the palais des Festivals on the Croisette.
Le Majestic is located 8 km from Antibes, 30 km from Saint-Paul de Vence, 50 km from Monaco and 50 km from Saint-Tropez.
Its prestige neighbours on the Croisette are the Hôtel Carlton, the Hôtel Martinez, the Noga Hilton and the palais des Festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="20149578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149578" title="Terence Brain">
Terence Brain

Terence Brain (born 19 December 1938 in Coventry, England) is the current Roman Catholic Bishop of Salford.
Education.
Brain attended King Henry VIII Grammar School and Cotton College before training for the priesthood at Oscott College, Sutton Coldfield. He was ordained as a priest by Archbishop Grimshaw in St Chad's Cathedral, Birmingham on 22 February 1964.
Priestly and Episcopal career.
In 1964 he was appointed as an assistant priest in Longton, Staffordshire although after a year he returned to Cotton College and remained there for four years. After that he worked at Dudley Road Hospital in Birmingham as their chaplain for two years and later went on to serve as secretary to Archbishop George Dwyer (until he retired) and then to Archbishop Maurice Noël Léon Couve de Murville.
Terence became the priest to a series of parishes in the Midlands area, including Bucknall, Stoke-on-Trent and Stafford. On 5 February 1991, he was ordained as Auxiliary Bishop of Birmingham and appointed Titular Bishop of Amudarsa.
He was appointed as the Bishop of Salford and head of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Salford on 2 September 1997 and installed on 7 October of that year.
Other work.
Terence Brain has been heavily involved with education and from 1986-1991 he was a member of Staffordshire Education Committee and Schools Commissioner for Staffordshire. He has been much involved with the Diocesan Lourdes Pilgrimage and has served as the director for a number of years. In 1995 he chaired a working party for the Bishop's Conference on child abuse which led to the pastoral document Healing the Wound.

</doc>
<doc id="20149589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149589" title="Werner Kern (football manager)">
Werner Kern (football manager)

Werner Kern (born 23 February 1946) is a German football coach, who is head of the youth department at FC Bayern Munich.
After a career playing amateur football, Kern was appointed assistant manager of Bayern Munich in 1970, where he remained until 1977, serving during the club's golden era. He assisted Udo Lattek and Dettmar Cramer, and also managed the reserve team.
He then went into management himself, working at Wormatia Worms, 1. FC Nuremberg, Eintracht Trier and SSV Ulm 1846. In 1998, he was to return to Bayern Munich to head up the revamped youth setup.

</doc>
<doc id="20149604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149604" title="Enemy at the Gate (Stargate Atlantis)">
Enemy at the Gate (Stargate Atlantis)

"Enemy at the Gate" is the 100th and final episode of the science fiction television series "Stargate Atlantis". The episode aired on January 9, 2009 on the Sci Fi Channel in the United States, and on January 13, 2009 on Sky1 in the United Kingdom. Written by Joseph Mallozzi and Paul Mullie as their fifth and final script in the fifth season, "Enemy at the Gate" was produced as the nineteenth episode of the season and was directed by Andy Mikita. It is dedicated to Don S. Davis ("Stargate SG-1" George Hammond), who died from a heart attack in 2008.
"Enemy at the Gate" involves a Wraith plan to significantly upgrade a Hive Ship by integrating it with stolen Zero Point Modules from Asurans, and picks up a weak transmission from Earth from an alternate reality ("Vegas"), alerting the ship to Earth's location.
Plot.
"Todd" (Christopher Heyerdahl) informs Atlantis that a group of Wraith have multiple ZPMs and they plan to use one of them to power a new super Hive Ship.
"Todd" urges the expedition to destroy it, but when the team reaches the hive, they realize that the ZPM has already made the ship far more powerful than expected, and causes significant damage to "Daedalus" before jumping into hyperspace.
The team then finds out that the Hive has picked up a subspace transmission from the alternate reality depicted in "Vegas", giving the Wraith the location of Earth. Earth sends "Apollo" and "Sun Tzu" to stop them, but are quickly disabled. Lt. Col. Sheppard (Joe Flanigan) gates to Earth and warns Carter (Amanda Tapping) of the situation. However, before their plan of fitting nukes on the F-302s is complete, they discover that the ship has already arrived, and is sending a large squadron of darts, which perform a kamikaze run into Area 51, destroying the Antarctic Ancient control chair, and ZPM losing hope of using the Antarctic drone weapons against the ship. Sheppard, however, plans on using his F-302 to break into the Hive, where he might detonate a nuclear weapon destroying the Hive from within.
Meanwhile, Carson Beckett (Paul McGillion) returns and flies the city to Earth, after finding more ZPMs from "Todd". However, the stardrive shuts down just as they approach the Milky Way. Fortunately, Zelenka (David Nykl) is able to implement a "wormhole drive", which sends the city to Earth within seconds. Meanwhile, in attempting to gate to Earth the Atlantis expedition connects to a Stargate aboard the Hive, which has been brought for the purpose of superseding Earth's gate to prevent dialing out. Woolsey (Robert Picardo) sends Teyla (Rachel Luttrell), Ronon (Jason Momoa), McKay (David Hewlett) and Lorne (Kavan Smith) to the Hive to destroy it. However, in the process, Ronon is killed. The team find Sheppard about to detonate the nuke, but stop him. Since the Hive is over Earth, they plan to remote detonate the nuke, after they safely gate to the Alpha Site. They find Ronon, who was brought back to life by the Wraith and rescue him. Meanwhile, Atlantis arrives to destroy the ship, but the powerful weapons push Atlantis into Earth's atmosphere. Fortunately, before the shield fails, the Hive is destroyed by the nuclear warhead. Unfortunately, Atlantis is burning up on re-entry, though Carson manages to control the city, and lands in the Pacific Ocean, subsequently cloaking and secretly moving Atlantis to the coast off San Francisco. In the end, the team takes time in admiring the view of the Golden Gate Bridge.
Production.
Even though "Enemy at the Gate" is the final episode in the series, its production number was 519, leaving 520 for "Vegas", which was filmed on location in Las Vegas, Nevada. The shooting of "Enemy at the Gate" overlapped with "Vegas", which was not unusual as "Atlantis" used to film multiple shows at the same time during its run. The VFX budget was over half a million dollars, only being seconded by "The Daedalus Variations" for the most VFX dollars spent on an episode in season 5.
Many of the happenings in "Enemy at the Gate" were originally planned because the episode was the 100th episode as well as a season finale. When the writers learned of the cancellation, they found the events even more appropriate to serve as series finale. In writing the episode, the writers had to take a lot of backstory into account. It needed to be addressed that the "Atlantis" characters did not necessarily know the recurring characters from the "Stargate" franchise such as Major Davis. "Stargate Atlantis" was originally intended to be continued by a two-hour movie, but MGM filed for bankruptcy in 2010 and shelved the "Atlantis" film indefinitely.
Because it was not very clear to the audience, Paul Mullie explained that the "Todd" character "is very much back to being a full-fledged human life sucker at the beginning of this episode", and gave this as the reason why Sheppard appears so cruel to "Todd". The original first scene included explanatory dialog, which was cut when SciFi asked for a Keller scene earlier in the show so that her appearance in the last third would not be as jarring. New explanatory dialog that Mullie added to the first act of the script was filmed but later cut for time. There are plans to make the trimmed and cut scenes available in a special extended version, likely to be released on DVD. Brad Wright temporarily considered to use the wormhole drive as a set-up for a similar drive in "Stargate Universe", but instead, this technology is planned to appear as part of the story for the "Atlantis" film.
The last scene's possible connection to "Star Trek" is pure coincidence. The producers had wanted the city to come down on Earth near a recognizable landmark, as to be different from the previous five years of the show where Atlantis was always located in the middle of the ocean. Martin Gero and Carl Binder were insistent that it should be the Statue of Liberty, but the geography was not plausible enough for leaving the city cloaked for any length of time without anyone noticing and/or getting killed. So the producers settled on San Francisco and the Golden Gate Bridge.
Although the producers knew of Don S. Davis' (George Hammond) heart problems, his death "came as a total shock" to them. They originally talked about just showing an "in memoriam" card at the end of the show, but as Davis's death also meant the end of the character's arc, they decided to acknowledge it by renaming the ship.
Release and reception.
After its US release, "Enemy at the Gate" received a Neilson rating of 1.5, making "Stargate Atlantis" the second-highest rated Sci Fi series of the week, with the lead being the finale of "Sanctuary", which earned a 1.6 rating. In total, "Enemy at the Gate" was viewed by 2.02 million people, including 973,000 for in the 18 to 49 demographic, and 1.12 million age 25 to 54. In the UK, the finale was viewed by 633,000, placing "Stargate Atlantis" third in the top ten for Sky1 in that week, behind "The Simpsons" and season seven premiere of "24". However, IGN reviewer Tory Ireland Mell has given the episode a "mediocre" score of 5.8 out of 10, where the reviewer felt that everything on the episode was "forced", and felt the final scene was "uninspiring", though the episode was praised for the conversation between Sheppard and Carter. "Sci Fi Wire" said that the episode was a very "Satisfying conclusion" for the series end. The episode won the awards for "Best Overall Sound in a Dramatic Series" and "Best Sound Editing in a Dramatic Series" at the 2009 Leo Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20149614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149614" title="Groupe Lucien Barrière">
Groupe Lucien Barrière

Groupe Lucien Barrière operates casinos in France, Switzerland and elsewhere in Europe. The group also operates in the French luxury hotel industry and in the catering and leisure industries.
History.
François André, founder.
As a young man from Ardèche who came up to Paris in the early 20th century, François André started a casino business by acquiring the Ostend casino in Belgium, while Eugène Cornuché, his partner, began building the Hôtel Normandy and having the Deauville casino rebuilt in 1912. In 1918, François André set up the Haussmann gaming circle in Paris and continued to grow his business by designing the La Baule resort based on the Deauville model and by purchasing the Hôtel Royal and casino in 1923. He invented the modern day resort concept by combining casinos, luxury hotels and sports facilities all on one site.
In 1926, François André took on the construction of the Hôtel Hermitage at La Baule.
1927, he took over from Eugène Cornuché as managing director of SHCD (Société des Hôtels et Casino de Deauville). He then had the Hôtel du Golf in Deauville built.
Lucien Barrière.
In 1951, Lucien Barrière, François André’s nephew, joined the group.
In 1957 Lucien Barrière was appointed to the Board of several of the group’s entities and became his uncle’s sole legal heir in 1961. He undertook a project to modernise and develop the group by buying new establishments in Trouville, Dinard, St-Malo, Royan and Enghien-les-Bains.
In 1980, SHCLB (Société Hôtelière de la Chaîne Lucien Barrière) was founded to cover the La Baule hotels and casinos.
In 1987, Lucien Barrière participated in the arrival of slot machines in France.
Diane Barrière-Desseigne.
In the early 1990s, Accor became a major SHCLB shareholder.
In 1990, Diane Barrière-Desseigne succeeded her father, Lucien Barrière, and launched major renovation projects. On top of their prestige, the hotels are closely connected to the film industry and the Arts. The elite figures of the film industry visit the Normandy Barrière and the Royal Barrière during the American Film Festival in Deauville.
In 1995, Diane Barrière-Desseigne suffered a very serious plane accident and from 1997, her husband Dominique Desseigne co-managed the SHCD and SHCLB at her side.
In 1998, SHCD bought Fouquet’s restaurant and brand.
Diane Barrière-Desseigne died in 2001. Dominique Desseigne took over group management and became chairman of SFCMC.
Dominique Desseigne.
In 2003, SHCLB opened the Casino Barrière de Montreux in Switzerland, which became the leading casino in Switzerland in 2008 in terms of total gross gaming takings.
During the same year, SHCD took over the Ryads Resort Development, owner of the land on which the Hôtel Naoura Barrière in Marrakech (Morocco) was later built, supported by top ranking investors who purchased an equity stake in Ryads Resort Development.
In 2004, the Desseigne-Barrière family, Accor and Colony Capital investment funds decided to team up as Société Hôtelière de la Chaîne Lucien Barrière, subsequently renamed Groupe Lucien Barrière, which combined the businesses of SHCD, SHCLB and Accor Casinos to create a prestigious casino and hotel group.
Since 2005, the expansion has continued with the opening of casinos in Toulouse, Cairo, Leucate, Blotzheim and Lille, the opening of the Naoura Barrière in Marrakech (Morocco), Hôtel Fouquet’s Barrière in Paris and the Spark (fitness centre for treatments, sport and Spa) in Enghien-les-Bains. The Hôtel Barrière Lille will open during autumn 2010 and the hotel complex and balneo-therapy centre adjoining the Casino Barrière de Ribeauvillé is forecast to open late 2011.
During the same period, the public service concessions of the Barrière Casinos in La Baule, Dinard, Deauville, Saint-Malo, Nice, Cassis and Saint Raphaël were renewed, which reveals the confidence these towns place in the group.
On 15 April 2009, Colony Capital sold its Groupe Lucien Barrière shares to Accor, which now holds a 49% equity stake in the company.
In 2010, Groupe Lucien Barrière and Française des Jeux designed an on-line gaming platform with 3D online gaming, which is called LB Poker company.
Groupe Lucien Barrière establishments.
Hotels.
Groupe Lucien Barrière (GLB) operates 15 hotels (14 in France and 1 in Marrakech) and has a total of 1 726 rooms, plus 26 ryads in Marrakech. Located in first class sites, the group’s buildings are a benchmark in the luxury hotel industry with a vast majority of 5-star hotels.
Paris
Hôtel Fouquet's Barrière*****
Deauville
Royal Barrière*****
Normandy Barrière*****
Hôtel du Golf Barrière****
Dinard
Grand Hôtel Barrière*****
Enghien-les-Bains
Grand Hôtel Barrière****
Hôtel du Lac****
La Baule
Castel Marie-Louise*****
Royal Thalasso Barrière*****
Hermitage Barrière*****
Bordeaux
Pullman Aquitania****
Niederbronn
Mercure***
Marrakech
Hôtel & Ryads Naoura Barrière*****
Lille
Hôtel Barrière
"(Opening Autumn 2010)"
Ribeauvillé
Casino-Hôtel-Balnéothérapie de Ribeauvillé
" (Opening Autumn 2011)"
Casinos.
The 37 casinos are located in resorts along the French coast and in major cities.
Barrière casinos also offer varied, delicate cuisine, a lively atmosphere and shows mainly thanks to large-capacity halls with proper equipment.
France.
La Baule, 
Bénodet, 
Besançon, 
Biarritz, 
Blotzheim, 
Bordeaux, 
Briançon, 
Carnac, 
Carry-le-Rouet, 
Cassis, 
Chamonix, 
Dax, 
Deauville, 
Dinard, 
Enghien-les-Bains, 
Jonzac, 
Leucate, 
Lille, 
Menton, 
Nice Le Ruhl, 
Nierderbronn, 
Ouistreham, 
Perros-Guirec, 
Royan, 
Ribeauvillé, 
La Rochelle, 
Les Sables d'Olonne, 
Saint-Malo, 
Sainte-Maxime, 
Saint-Raphaël, 
Toulouse, 
Le Touquet and 
Trouville.
Switzerland.
Courrendlin, 
Fribourg and
Montreux.
Egypt.
Cairo.
Restaurants and bars.
Groupe Lucien Barrière has 131 bars and restaurants throughout the group’s casinos and hotels, which range from snacks to 5-star cuisine, as well as Fouquet’s brasseries in Paris, Toulouse and Marrakech.
Sport and well being.
Golf courses
Tennis clubs

</doc>
<doc id="20149627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149627" title="Mansergh">
Mansergh

Mansergh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20149633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149633" title="Arbovirus (disambiguation)">
Arbovirus (disambiguation)

Arbovirus is a shortened name given to viruses that are transmitted by arthropods, or arthropod-borne viruses.
Arbovirus can also refer to:
In music:

</doc>
<doc id="20149642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149642" title="Tarawera (New Zealand electorate)">
Tarawera (New Zealand electorate)

Tarawera is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate, from 1978 to 1996.
History.
The Tarawa electorate was created in 1978.
In 1996, the first MMP election, the electorate was included in the Rotorua electorate.

</doc>
<doc id="20149661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149661" title="Cabin of Peter the Great">
Cabin of Peter the Great

The cabin of Peter the Great (Russian: "Domik Petra I" or "Domik Petra Pervogo" or "Domik Petra Velikogo") is a small wooden house which was the first St Petersburg "palace" of Tsar Peter the Great.
The log cabin was constructed in three days in May 1703, by soldiers of the Semyonovskiy Regiment. At that time, the new St Petersburg was described as "a heap of villages linked together, like some plantation in the West Indies". The date of its construction is now considered to mark the foundation of the city. 
The design is a combination of an izba, a traditional Russian countryside house typical of the 17th century, and the Tsar's beloved Dutch Baroque, later to evolve into the Petrine Baroque. Peter built similar "domiki" elsewhere in Russia - for example, in Voronezh, and Vologda. The wooden cabin in St Petersburg covers only and contains three rooms - living room, bedroom, and study. It has large ornate windows and a high hipped roof of wooden tiles. Inside, the wooden walls were painted with red oil to resemble brick, and the rooms came to be known as the "red chambers" ("krasnyie khoromtsy"). There are no fires or chimneys, as it was intended to be used only in the warmer summer months. It was occupied by the Tsar between 1703 and 1708, while Peter supervised the construction of the new imperial city and the Peter and Paul Fortress.
The cabin was moved to its present location, 6 Petrovskaia Naberezhnaia, in 1711 from its original site on the north bank of the River Neva close to the present Winter Palace. Peter had it encased for its protection within a red brick pavilion in 1723, and ordered that it be preserved for posterity as a memorial to his modesty, and the creation of St Petersburg "ex nihilo". Catherine the Great ordered the shelter for the cabin to be renovated in 1784, and the protective brick pavilion was reconstructed by Nicholas I in the 1840s. Nicholas I also had the bedroom converted into a chapel dedicated to Christ the Redeemer, and iron railings were added in 1874.
Peter's "domiki" were used to mark significant dates, such as the bicentenary of Peter's birth in 1872. They became a centre of devotion to the tsar, the Russian Orthodox Church, and the Russian motherland ("rodina"). An image of the log cabin was included on the Peter the Great Fabergé egg, created in 1903 to celebrate the bicentenary of the founding of St Petersburg. After the Russian Revolution, they became symbols of Russian heroic labour.
A prized national monument, the contents were removed, and the Cabin was boarded up and camouflaged during the Second World War. It was the first St Petersburg museum to reopen in September 1944, after the end of the Siege of Leningrad. Personal and domestic objects owned and used by Peter are still displayed within, and a bust of Peter by Parmen Zabello stands outside. The cabin is open to the public.
Now it is a branch of Russian Museum 

</doc>
<doc id="20149695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149695" title="Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (Philippine game show)">
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (Philippine game show)

Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (also known as "WW2BAM") is a Filipino game show based on the original British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". The main goal of the game is to win 2 million Philippine pesos (earlier 1 million) by answering 15 multiple-choice questions correctly. There are four "lifelines": 50:50 (fifty-fifty), People Speak, and Switch and Double Dip. The latter two replaced Ask the Audience, which was used until the 2010 seasons and of Phone-a-Friend until the 2012 season.
"Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" was broadcast from 2000 to 2002 on the government-sequestered Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation, produced by Viva Television, and was hosted by actor Christopher de Leon.
On May 23, 2009, the game show returned under a new home over TV5, with actor-host-comedian Vic Sotto as the new host.
The show aired its season finale on October 7, 2012 to give way to another game show hosted by Sotto, "The Million Peso Money Drop" (the Philippine version of "The Million Pound Drop Live" created by Endemol).
However, the show returned on air September 15, 2013 for a new season together with Pinoy Explorer and Wow Mali! Pa Rin in exchange to the now defunct talent show Talentadong Pinoy.
Gameplay.
Originally, the contestants must first play a preliminary round, called "Fastest Finger First", where they are all given a question and four answers from the host and are asked to put those four answers into a particular order. The contestant who does so correctly and in the fastest time goes on to sit in a chair in the center of the set, known as the "Hot Seat," and play for the prize.
Once in the Hot Seat, the contestant is asked increasingly difficult general knowledge questions by the host. Questions are multiple choice: four possible answers are given (labeled A, B, C, and D), and the contestant must choose the correct one. Upon answering a question correctly, the contestant wins a certain amount of money. After questions, the host will ask the contestant "is that your final answer?" When a contestant says "final" in conjunction with one of the answers, it is official, and cannot be changed. For the first few questions, there is a possibility for the contestant to leave with no money if they .
2000–2002: Viva/IBC Version.
The first version of the show was hosted by actor Christopher de Leon. The first season of the original "Millionaire", which began on November 20, 2000, had its 15th question prize of ₱1,000,000. In 2001, the final question's prize was doubled to ₱2,000,000.
The show lost its popularity soon after its original studio in Parañaque City (Viva Television Studio, the same one used by the Philippine version of "The Weakest Link") was destroyed by a fire, and after the show moved to Riverbanks Center in Marikina City. Its last original episode was aired December 14, 2002.
No one has ever won the game by way of answering all fifteen questions correctly in this incarnation. There have been two contestants who went the closest: DLSU professor Amelita Lopez-Forbes and actress Sharon Cuneta, who each answered 14 questions correctly and won a million pesos in separate instances in 2001.
The money tree used in the IBC version is as follows (bold values indicate guaranteed amounts):
2009-present: TV5 Version.
On April 2009, plugs about the "comeback" of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" started airing on TV5 and is the first show taken from IBC 13). Vic Sotto was also announced to host the show. A promo is being sponsored by the network in connection to its comeback.
On January 9, 2010, Sharon Cuneta, who appeared in the previous incarnation became the first winner of the series after she correctly answered the final question worth ₱2,000,000. Then followed by Karl Jonathan Aguilar last September 18, 2011.
The show returned September 15, 2013 with two options like the High-risk Money Tree has one safe haven amount of ₱20,000 and four lifelines are Fifty-fifty, People Speak and Switch, in addition of a new lifeline: Double Dip. While the Classic Money Tree has two safe havens are amount of ₱20,000 and ₱150,000 and Three Lifelines: Fifty-fifty, People Speak, and Switch.
The Phone-a-friend lifeline was also removed during the fourth incarnation.
The third ₱2,000,000 winner by Eduardo Gaeilo Pajinag, Jr. in October 20, 2013.
Top-prize winners.
Sharon Cuneta (January 9, 2010).
On January 9, 2010, Sharon Cuneta once again played on the show and won ₱2,000,000, making her the first top prize winner in the Philippine franchise's history, three days after her birthday. References to her first appearance, especially the 14th question asked, were made during her game. All of the money she won was played for charity and was donated to the Hospicio de San Jose. Coincidentally, the 13th question in her game was about the orphanage's exact location. A translation of the 15th question can be seen on the right.
Karl Jonathan Aguilar (September 18, 2011).
On September 18, 2011, the Philippine version gained its second top prize winner in the person of IT specialist Karl Jonathan Aguilar. The final question involved the name of the Index Librorum Prohibitorum with the other options being made-up but similarly-sounding names. Of note, he did not use his lifelines up to the ₱600,000 question. When his last lifeline, Phone-A-Friend, was used during the final question, he was given one of the wrong answers. Also, the first fourteen were asked in the previous episode aired a week before. The translation of the ₱2 million question that Aguilar answered correctly can be seen at the right.
Eduardo Gaeilo Pajinag, Jr. (October 20, 2013).
The Philippine version show produced its third top-prize winner in the person of IT auditor Eduardo "Gaeilo" Pajinag, Jr. on October 20, 2013. According to him, he auditioned seven times before being accepted on his 8th audition. He is the first winner of the new money tree, the High-Risk money tree. The final question was about "Jabberwocky", the poem written by Lewis Carroll where he used nonsense words. The other options were synonyms to "nonsense". After carefully deducing on his answer, to the extent that he mentioned where the dance group Jabbawockeez got their name, he ultimately went on to win the ₱2 million peso top-prize.
"Who Deserves to Be a Millionaire?".
For four episodes starting from December 12, 2009 to January 2, 2010, a special charity edition of the show was held called "Who Deserves to Be a Millionaire?". Each episode comprised one celebrity and a representative from his/her chosen charity playing as a team. Rules stayed the same. The tradition returned on December 4, 2011. The Philippines was the fourth country to use the "Deserves" title and format; after Chile (2006), Nigeria and China (both 2007).
The following are the celebrities who played in this special edition and the prize that they each won:

</doc>
<doc id="20149697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149697" title="Normandy Barrière">
Normandy Barrière

The Normandy Barrière is a grand hotel of the Groupe Lucien Barrière at Deauville in Normandy. It was built as the Hôtel Normandy by François André in 1912.
It was used as the filming location of "Agatha Christie's Poirot" in the episode "The Murder on the Links".

</doc>
<doc id="20149733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149733" title="Satyawadi Raja Harishchandra">
Satyawadi Raja Harishchandra

Satyawadi Raja Harishchandra (; ) is a 1917 silent black and white Indian film based on Hindu mythology, directed by Rustomji Dhotiwala. It was produced by J. F. Madan's Elphinstone Bioscope. Credited as the first remake in Indian cinema, the film is a remake of the first Indian feature film, "Raja Harishchandra" (1913) and was also inspired by a Urdu language drama, "Harishchandra". The film is based on the mythological story of a Hindu King Harishchandra, the 36th king of the Solar Dynasty, who donated his entire kingdom and sold himself and his family to keep the promise given to the sage Vishvamitra in the dream. It is also the first feature film made in Calcutta. The intertitles used in the film were in Bengali language as the film was a silent film. The film was released on 24 March 1917 at New Tent Maidan, Calcutta.
Plot.
The Hindu sage Vishwamitra approaches king Harishchandra and informs him of a promise made by the king during the sage's dream to donate his entire kingdom. Being virtuous, Harishchandra immediately donates his entire kingdom to the sage and walks away with his wife Taramati and son Rohitashwa. As the entire world came to the control of the sage, after Harishchandra donated his kingdom, the king had to go to Varanasi, a holy town dedicated to Lord Shiva which was the only place outside the influence of the sage. As a part of donation, the sage claims an additional amount as "Dakshina" (honorarium) to be paid to complete the act of donation. As Harishchandra does not have anything left for himself, he sells his wife and son to a Brahmin family to pay for the Dakshina. However, the money collected was not sufficient enough for sage and then Harishchandra sells himself to the guard at the cremation ground.
While working as a servant for a Brahmin family, Harishchandra's son gets bitten by a snake while plucking the flowers for his master's prayer, he then dies. Taramati takes his body to the cremation grounds where Harishchandra is working. She does not have sufficient money to pay to perform the rites and Harishchandra does not recognize his wife and son. He advises Taramati to sell off her Mangalsutra, a symbolism of marriage in India, to pay the amount for cremation. Having gifted with a boon that only her husband can see her mangalsutra, Taramati recognizes Harishchandra and makes him aware of the happenings. Dutiful Harishchandra requests Taramati to pay the amount to finish the cremation and declines to accept mangalsutra as amount. Taramati then offers her only possession, a saree - her lone dress, a part of which was used to cover the dead body of her son.
Harishchandra accepts the offering but before he could start the cremation, the lord Vishnu (the supreme God in Hinduism), Indra (the lord of heaven in Hinduism) and several Hindu deities along with the sage Vishwamitra manifests themselves and praises Harishchandra for his perseverance and steadfastness. They bring Harishchandra's son back to life. They also offers the king and his wife, instant places in heaven. Harishchandra refuses it stating that he is still bound to his master, the guard at the cremation ground. The sage Vishwamitra then reveals that the guard is Yama (the god of death in Hinduism) and Yama allowes Harishchandra to accept the offer from Vishwamitra.
Being Kshatriya (the ruling and military elite of the Vedic-Hindu social system) Harishchandra still declines the offer saying that he cannot leave behind his subjects and requests heaven for all of them. The gods declines his offer to which Harishchandra suggests to pass on all his good virtues to his people so that they can rightfully accompany him to heaven. Pleased with Harishchandra, gods accepts his offer and offers heavenly abode to the king, the queen and all their subjects.
Production.
After the release of first Indian feature film "Raja Harishchandra" by Dadasaheb Phalke in 1913, no other production attempts were made in Indian cinema for the next four years. Phalke, however, made several short films and documentaries like "Scenes of the River Godavari" and "Ahmadabad Congress", and also the feature film "Mohini Bhasmasur" in 1913 and "Satyavan Savitri" in 1914. J. F. Madan, who had formed two production companies in the beginning of 1900s, decided to make a film. His first company, Elphinstone Bioscope, was a leading producer and distributor of foreign films in permanent and travelling cinema in India, whereas his second company, Madan Theaters Limited, was mainly involved in exhibition, distribution and production of Indian films during the silent era of film industry. Madan Theaters Limited eventually became India's largest film production-distribution-exhibition company and was also a noted importer of American films after World War I.
The film was inspired by a Urdu language drama, "Harishchandra" (written by Narain Prasad Betab). It was advertised as a "Photographed Play" with male lead Hormusji Tantra as "the 'Irving' of the Indian stage" and female lead Savaria, as "the most beautiful and emotional star". The film also starred Italian artists Signor and Signora Manelli. Other members of the film were recruited from "Baliwala Victoria Theatrical Company", a Parsi theater company based in Mumbai. The film was released on 24 March 1917 at New Tent Maidan, Calcutta. The film's running time was two hours. It was the longest Indian feature film made till 1931. The film had 5 reels having length of 7000 feet and was a 35 mm film. Pt. Nityabodha Bidyaratna wrote the screen play. The film was produced by J. F. Madan's Elphinstone Bioscope and was distributed by his another company, Madan Theaters Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="20149736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149736" title="Charles Nicod">
Charles Nicod

Charles Henri Nicod (28 January 1878, Levier, Doubs - December 1967) was a French architect active in the period between the two World Wars. He was the winner of the Prix de Rome in 1907. His works include the Hotel Majestic in Cannes.

</doc>
<doc id="20149796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149796" title="Gökhan Keskin">
Gökhan Keskin

Gökhan Keskin (born 31 March 1966 in Istanbul) is a retired Turkish professional footballer. He played for Beşiktaş and İstanbulspor.
Club career.
Keskin spent two seasons in the Süper Lig with Beşiktaş and İstanbulspor
International career.
Keskin made 41 appearances for the full Turkey national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20149824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149824" title="SM U-17 (Austria-Hungary)">
SM U-17 (Austria-Hungary)

SM "U-17 or U-XVII" was a or U-boat of the Austro-Hungarian Navy () during World War I. "U-17" was laid down in Germany in April 1915 and shipped in sections by rail to Pola in August, where she was assembled. She was delivered to the Austro-Hungarian Navy at the end of September and commissioned in October 1915.
"U-17" primarily operated from Cattaro, patrolling off the Italian and Albanian coasts. The submarine had several opportunities to sink merchant ships and warships throughout the war, but sank only one Italian destroyer in July 1916 as part of an effort to disrupt the Otranto Barrage. At the end of the war, "U-17" was undergoing repairs at Pola. She was handed over to Italy as a war reparation and scrapped in 1920.
Design and construction.
"U-17" was a small, coastal submarine that displaced surfaced and submerged. She featured a single shaft, a single Daimler diesel engine for surface running, and a single electric motor for submerged travel. "U-17" was capable of up to while surfaced and while submerged at a diving depth of up to . She was designed for a crew of 17 officers and men.
"U-17" was equipped with two torpedo tubes located in the front and carried a complement of two torpedoes. In October 1916, "U-17"s armament was supplemented with a 37 mm/23 (1.5 in) quick-firing (QF) gun. This gun was replaced by a 47 mm/23 (1.9 in) QF gun in November 1917.
"U-17" was ordered by the Austro-Hungarian Navy on 1 April 1915 and laid down at AG Weser in Bremen later that month. When completed, the submarine was broken down into sections, loaded onto railcars, and shipped to the Austro-Hungarian Navy's main base at Pola on 30 August. After completing the four-day journey, the sections were riveted together. Though there is no specific mention of how long it took for "U-17"s sections to be assembled, a sister boat, the German Type UB I submarine "UB-3", shipped to Pola from Germany in mid-April 1915, was assembled in about two weeks. "U-17" was delivered to the Austro-Hungarian Navy on 30 September.
Operational history.
SM "U-17" was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy on 6 October under the command of "Linienschiffsleutnant" Frank Skopinic. The boat patrolled the Italian coast out of Pola for most of the next two months, interrupted by engine repairs in mid November. On 9 December, Skopinic was succeeded as "U-17"s commanding officer by "Linienschiffsleutnant" Zdenko Hudecek. 
By the end of December, "U-17" was operating from Cattaro and patrolling off the Albanian and Montenegrin coasts. Hudecek and "U-17" made two unsuccessful attacks on enemy destroyers in January. On 23 February, Hudecek attempted an attack on a cargo ship off Durazzo, but was discovered and depth charged. Two days later the submarine put in to Cattaro to replace a broken gyrocompass with a new magnetic compass.
In mid-March, "U-17" shifted to patrol off the Italian coast once again and was attacked by air on 15 March off Brindisi. The Italian patrols continued until late May, when "U-17" was sent to patrol in the Ionian Sea. Duty in the Straits of Otranto followed in June, as part of the plan to disrupt the Otranto Barrage. On 12 June, the submarine attempted an attack on an Italian ; the torpedo boat survived and repaid "U-17" by dropping several depth charges nearby. On 10 July, "U-17" torpedoed and sank the Italian destroyer "Impetuoso", The Italian ship had been guarding drifters, small fishing vessels with anti-submarine nets stretched between them as part of the Otranto Barrage. "Impetuoso" was the only ship sunk by "U-17". The U-boat continued patrols in the Adriatic throughout the remainder of 1916. "U-17" was depth charged by a destroyer off Fano on 14 September. Two days later, a failed attack on a steamer resulted in another depth charging of "U-17", this time by an "Orfeo"-class torpedo boat. In early October, an air attack by two airplanes damaged "U-17".
The year 1917 was uneventful for "U-17". The submarine resumed patrols off Albania in January. In May, the U-boat had to crash dive near Valona when a bomber appeared overhead and dropped its payload. A foray to Bari in July provided another opportunity to attack a steamer, but the torpedoes missed their mark. On 16 August, "U-17", by now under the command of "Linienschiffsleutnant" Hermann Rigele, attempted a torpedo attack on a cargo ship off Saseno. At the end of October, "U-17" escaped damage from a torpedo attack by an enemy submarine near Cape Menders, Albania. A month later, the submarine was once again attacked by air, surviving two bombs dropped from a single airplane.
In the first part of June 1918, "U-17" patrolled off the coast of Italy, but had returned to Cattaro on 12 June. Two weeks later, the boat set out for Pola to undergo repairs. At the end of the war, the ship's repairs remained unfinished. "U-17", at Pola with six other Austro-Hungarian submarines, was ceded to Italy as a war reparation. "U-17" was broken up at Pola by the Italians in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="20149831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149831" title="JW Marriott Cannes">
JW Marriott Cannes

The JW Marriott Cannes is a famous five star hotel on the Croisettein Cannes. It was built in 1992 as the Noga Hilton by the Genevan hotel empire owner Nessim Gaon, and was renamed the Palais Stéphanie in 2007 when it passed from the Hilton group to Accor). It was renamed again in 2011, becoming the JW Marriott. It is located between the Carlton, Le Martinez and Le Majestic. In 1993, Steelman Partners designed the casino located in the Noga Hilton. The casino was known as Casino Riviera.

</doc>
<doc id="20149866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149866" title="Aditya (disambiguation)">
Aditya (disambiguation)

Aditya is the Sun in later Hinduism.
Aditya may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20149879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149879" title="Grand Hyatt Cannes Hôtel Martinez">
Grand Hyatt Cannes Hôtel Martinez

The Grand Hyatt Cannes Hôtel Martinez is a famous art deco style Grand Hotel on the Croisette at Cannes. It was opened on 20 February 1929 by its founder-owner Emmanuel Michele Martinez, son of the Baron Giovanni Martinez and Giuseppa Labiso Costanza, from Palermo Sicily, Italy, a noble ancient Italian family of Spanish origins. 
History.
In 1927, due to the enormous credit the patronymic "Martinez" obtained in the luxury hotels business around the world thanks to the expertise of Emmanuel Michele Martinez when he was Director Manager in Luxury Hotels in London and Paris, and at the time he was Director of the Cannes Luxury Hotel Association he decided to build his own Hotel Palace, at la Côte d'Azur, in the French Riviera, using the connections his family had with nobility, Mr. Martinez bought the "Villa Marie-Therese on September 22, 1927, from "His Royal Highness Alphose de Bourbon. Emmanuel Michele Martinez named his Hotel after himself, his patronymic last name appears on giant blue neon lights on the top of the hotel at the center of the Croisette.
During World War II, the Hôtel Martinez was occupied repeatedly: by the French Army, by the Italian Army, by the Commission d'armistice, by the German Army, and (after The Liberation) by the U.S.A. Air Force.
The hotel was sold in 2012 and joined the Hyatt chain on April 9, 2013 and was renamed the Grand Hyatt Cannes Hotel Martinez.
Hotel.
The Hotel Martinez is known for stylish living, where comfort and technology have aesthetic overtones, and from its eminent position on the sea front, on the famous boulevard de La Croisette in Cannes. The Hotel Martinez has established itself over the decades as the flagship hotel on the Riviera. From the outside, its architectural beauty makes it timeless and establishes its elegance and eternal youth. With seven floors that overlook the sea front and a floor area that covers 40,000 square metres, it is one of the top European luxury hotels.
As spacious as it is extravagant, the hotel has an extraordinary infrastructure, both in terms of guest accommodation comprising 409 rooms and suites, and in the services the hotel has to offer. The Martinez has three restaurants, 'La Palme d'Or', a 2 stars Michelin gastronomic restaurant, 'Le Relais' and the 'Zplage Beach Restaurant'. There is a piano bar, a vast private beach, a heated pool, fifteen meeting rooms and reception lounges that total 2500 square metres; all this puts the Hotel Martinez just behind the congress centre 'Palais des Festivals' in terms of reception capacity in Cannes. The reception infrastructure is one of the major assets of the hotel, and in all seasons conventions, seminars and other social, festive and professional events, the majority of them international can be hosted. 
L.RAPHAEL Beauty Spa for Hotel Martinez is located at the seventh floor of the Hotel 
During the Cannes Film Festival it houses film-stars and hosts Canal+'s studio for its festival special on its private beach called "Zplage".
According to the business magazine "Forbes" in 2009, it declared that a suite in the Hôtel Martinez is the most expensive suite in the world.
The Penthouse Suite, billed at per night, is listed at number 4 on "World's 15 most expensive hotel suites" complied by CNN Go in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20149897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149897" title="Who's the Woman, Who's the Man?">
Who's the Woman, Who's the Man?

"Who's the Woman, Who's the Man?" (金枝玉葉 II) is a 1996 Hong Kong film directed by Peter Chan. It is a sequel to the 1994 film "He's a Woman, She's a Man".

</doc>
<doc id="20149905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149905" title="Jarosław Wierczuk">
Jarosław Wierczuk

Jarosław Wierczuk (born January 6, 1977) is a former Polish race car driver.
Wierczuk was born in Warsaw, Poland. His career started in karting. In 1995 he tested for Forti but he never came into Formula One. He drove in German Formula Three, Italian Formula 3000 and Formula Nippon, but as he did not achieve any successes, he resolved to be a member of parliament and also run for European Parliament. He is conducting an agribusiness in Strzelce Krajeńskie.

</doc>
<doc id="20149914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149914" title="Carmen Acedo">
Carmen Acedo

Carmen Acedo Jorge (born February 10, 1975 in Lérida, Spain) was an individual rhythmic gymnast from Spain.
Biography.
Acedo trained with Rosa Menor as a junior at club Patricia. She was first selected for the Spanish junior group in 1989.
Acedo had a tough start in her first senior International Competition, at the 1991 World Championships she placed 21st in the preliminary and did not advance to the All-around finals.
In 1992, Acedo finished 10th in all-around at the European Championships.
Acedo competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where she finished off the podium in 4th place All-around behind teamamte Carolina Pascual who son the silver medal. At the 1992 World Championships, Acedo finally won a pair of medals taking home a silver medal for ball and a bronze for clubs. She became the Spanish National Champion in 1993. Shen went to won the clubs final at the 1993 World Championships with the Spanish Team finishing 4th place in Team.
She is married to race walker Jesús Ángel García.

</doc>
<doc id="20149919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149919" title="2008–09 UCI Africa Tour">
2008–09 UCI Africa Tour

The 2008–09 UCI Africa Tour was the fifth season of the UCI Africa Tour. The season began on 2 October 2008 with the Grand Prix Chantal Biya and ended on 19 April 2009 with the Tour du Maroc.
The points leader, based on the cumulative results of previous races, wears the UCI Africa Tour cycling jersey. Nicholas White of South Africa was the defending champion of the 2007–08 UCI Africa Tour. Dan Craven of Namibia was crowned as the 2008–09 UCI Africa Tour champion.
Throughout the season, points are awarded to the top finishers of stages within stage races and the final general classification standings of each of the stages races and one-day events. The quality and complexity of a race also determines how many points are awarded to the top finishers, the higher the UCI rating of a race, the more points are awarded.
The UCI ratings from highest to lowest are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20149955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149955" title="Dan Anderson">
Dan Anderson

Dan Anderson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20149963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149963" title="Bhakti Investama">
Bhakti Investama

PT MNC Investama Tbk () is an Indonesian investment company.
History.
PT MNC Investama Tbk was established in Surabaya on 2nd of November 1989 by Hary Tanoesoedibjo and moved its headquarters to Jakarta in February 1990. In the beginning, the company only focused on capital market related business activities which were previously re-activated by the government through a series of deregulation and facilities with the expectation that the capital market could become one of the backbones for financing the national economic growth.
By 1994, the company had grown rapidly in all aspect of capital market activities, ranging from trading and brokerage of marketable securities, investment advisory, investment management, underwriting, origination and syndication, financial advisory and research services. The company has also been trusted by not only domestic investor base but also by international investors covering individuals and institutions such as pension funds, banks, insurance and Fund Management.
In 1995, PT Bhakti Investama Tbk started to expand into mergers and acquisitions and launched a few mutual funds in 1997 managed by the company. In the same year, the Company officially became a public Company and listed its shares on the Jakarta Stock Exchange and Surabaya Stock Exchange (currently “Indonesia Stock Exchange”).
In the aftermath of the Indonesian financial crisis of 1997, the company was able to acquire PT Bimantara Citra, a holding company formerly owned by Indonesian President Suharto's son Bambang Trihatmodjo. Amongst PT Bimantara Citra's holdings include the ownership of RCTI, one of the biggest private television network in Indonesia. With the acquisition of PT Bimantara Citra (later renamed PT Global Mediacom Tbk) ,PT Bhakti Investama Tbk has grown to become the largest investment company throughout Indonesia owning business activities in various lines of business. Numerous subsidiaries are owned which cover a wide array and various business sectors, among others the sectors of Media and Financial Services and Investment Portfolios. Several subsidiaries within PT Bhakti Investama Tbk have also established themselves as public companies.
On June 2012, the company was implicated by the Corruption Eradication Commission KPK in a corruption case after the KPK arrested Tommy Hindratno, a tax official at the Sidoarjo Tax Office, and James Gunarjo, who is believed to be connected with Bhakti Investama, immediately after Tommy reportedly paid Rp 280 million (US$29,680) in bribes to James last week. Tommy allegedly acted as a middleman to ensure reimbursement of Rp 3.4 billion in taxes that the company supposedly had overpaid. Several company officials - directors Darma Putra, Wandhy Wira Riady and financial staffers Maya and Lany, were summonsed. The KPK raided Bhakti Investama’s office in the MNC Tower in Central Jakarta and PT Agis, located in the same building, in which Bhakti Investama owned Agis shares in 2002 and 2004.
Hary Tanoesoedibjo was also questioned by the KPK in connection with the case. He initially refused to go to the KPK office but subsequently answered the questionings by KPK agents.
On 8 June 2012, the immigration office slapped a one-year travel ban on Bhakti Investama independent commissioner Antonius Z. Tonberg, who was also previously a director of Agis.
On 2013, one of its subsidiaries, MNC Land Tbk in cooperation with MD Entertainment built the MD Place in Jalan Setiabudi Selatan No.7, Jakarta Selatan

</doc>
<doc id="20149964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149964" title="Eggette">
Eggette

An eggette is a kind of spherical pancake or ball waffle popular in Hong Kong and Macao. The food item is also referred to as an egg puff, egg waffle, bubble waffle, puffle or by its Cantonese name, gai daan jai (鷄蛋仔), and is made from eggs, sugar, flour, and light evaporated milk. They are best served hot, and often eaten plain. They can also be served with fruit and flavors such as strawberry, coconut or chocolate. They are sometimes referred to as "Hong Kong cakes" in Chinatowns across America, especially in New York. 
Eggettes are one of the most popular Hong Kong "street snacks" and were ranked No.1 in a 100 most popular HK "street snack" listing. They have been a favoured street snack in HK since their emergence in 1950s, when they were made with coal fire heating and sold from street kiosks in Hong Kong.
History.
The origins of the eggette or gai daan jai (which literally translates to "little chicken eggs") are unknown, despite being ingrained in the memories of Hong Kongers young and old. "One story says the enterprising post-war generation created the egg-shaped mold to make up for an eggless batter, as eggs used to be a luxury. Another tale points to street hawkers who bought damaged eggs on the cheap to work them into a batter, resulting in the classic golden color of the cake. It also is reasonable to suggest that the special iron skillet used to mold the gai daan tsai is a Hong Kong take on the traditional checkered European waffle press. Today, the two related snacks are often sold by the same stall."
Preparation.
Eggettes are made from a sweet batter that is cooked on a hot griddle, a special frying pan with small round "wells" (resembling an æbleskiver but with smaller and more of the round "wells"). The griddle is set on hot coals in the fire, or more commonly on an electrical heater. The egg batter is poured over the special frying pan and heated; the small ovals of eggettes are thus formed. In addition to the conventional "egg taste", they are also available in a variety of flavours such as chocolate, green-tea, ginger, etc. Most pancakes are quick breads, although some are also made using a yeast-raised or fermented batter. Eggettes can be eaten at different times of the day depending on local tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="20149991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20149991" title="Commissioner of the Republic">
Commissioner of the Republic

At different periods the French Republic had various functionaries entitled Commissioner of the Republic. They were generally representatives of the central government to the regional governments, merged into the functions of prefects. The name commissioner was chosen in periods when the central government needed confirming, or of periods where that government changed its functioning. See :

</doc>
<doc id="20150006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150006" title="34th General Assembly of Prince Edward Island">
34th General Assembly of Prince Edward Island

The 34th General Assembly of Prince Edward Island was in session from March 19, 1901 to November 9, 1904. The Liberal Party led by Donald Farquharson formed the government. In December 1901, Arthur Peters became Liberal party leader and Premier.
There were four sessions of the 34th General Assembly:
Samuel E. Reid was elected speaker.
Members.
Queens.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="20150031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150031" title="Athanasios Moulakis">
Athanasios Moulakis

Athanasios Moulakis () is the former President of the American University of Iraq - Sulaimani (AUI-S) and a former Professor and Acting President and Chief Academic Officer, Professor of Government at the American University of Afghanistan. 
Life.
Born in Athens, Greece in 1945, he taught political theory and the history of political thought at German universities, the London School of Economics and the European University Institute of Florence where he was Head of the department of political and social sciences. After engagements at UCSD, Harvard, and St. John's College he was named Herbst Professor of Humanities at the University of Colorado, Boulder. He was the professor of public communication at the University of Italian Switzerland in Lugano before moving on to the American University of Afghanistan, which he left in 2009. His "Beyond Utility Liberal Education for a Technological Age" received the AAC&U's prize for best book on liberal education in 1995.
Academic career.
Moulakis joined the American University of Afghanistan at the beginning of 2008. Previously, he was director of the Institute for Mediterranean Studies of the University of Lugano. Over an 11-year period Moulakis was Herbst Professor of Humanities and Professor of Political Science at the University of Colorado, where he was also founding Director of the Herbst Program of Humanities.
Moulakis has held other academic and administrative assignments at European and North American colleges, institutes, and universities. A partial list includes the European University Institute in Florence, where he served as head of the Department of Political and Social Sciences; a Fulbright professorship at the University of Jena, Germany; the London School of Economics; St. John’s College, Annapolis; Harvard University; and the University of California, San Diego.
His publication list includes a large number of books and articles on topics in the humanities, political theory, public policy, higher education, international relations, and other scholarly fields. With a Dr.Phil. (magna cum laude) degree from the Ruhr-Universität Bochum, Moulakis has published and lectured in five languages. He has received numerous academic honors and awards, including the American Association of Colleges and Universities’ prize for best book on liberal education.

</doc>
<doc id="20150057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150057" title="Buller (New Zealand electorate)">
Buller (New Zealand electorate)

Buller is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate, from 1871 to 1972. It was represented by eleven Members of Parliament.
Population centres.
The 1870 electoral redistribution was undertaken by a parliamentary select committee based on population data from the 1867 census. Eight sub-committees were formed, with two members each making decisions for their own province; thus members set their own electorate boundaries. The number of electorates was increased from 61 to 72, and Buller was one of the new electorates. The Buller electorate was created from areas that previously belonged to the and electorates. Settlements located in the initial electorate area were Westport, Inangahua, and Reefton.
History.
The electorate's first representative was Eugene O'Conor, who was successful in the , but he was defeated at the next election in 1876 by Joseph Henry. Henry in turn was defeated by James Bickerton Fisher at the . Fisher retired at the end of the parliamentary term in 1881.
Fisher was succeeded by John Munro, who won the . Munro was defeated at the next election in by Eugene O'Conor, who thus started his second period of representation. O'Conor, who joined the Liberal Party, was beaten in by Roderick McKenzie. In the , McKenzie successfully stood in the electorate.
Patrick O'Regan won the 1896 election in the Buller electorate. At the , he was defeated by James Colvin, who held the electorate until his death in 1919.
From 1919 the Buller electorate was represented by two radical trade unionists from the coal mines of the West Coast, Harry Holland and Paddy Webb. Harry Holland and then Jerry Skinner died in office.
In 1972, the electorate was split into the West Coast and Tasman electorates.
Members of Parliament.
The Buller electorate was represented by eleven MPs:
Key

</doc>
<doc id="20150075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150075" title="Commissioner of the Republic (Provisional Government)">
Commissioner of the Republic (Provisional Government)

The Commissioners of the Republic ("commissaires de la République") or Regional Commissioners of the Republic (CRR) were government officials appointed as representatives of Charles de Gaulle by the Provisional Government of the French Republic (GPRF) between 1944 and 1946. They had a rank equivalent to that of minister (like other commissioners of the GPRF) and were charged with re-establishing Republican legality and freedoms and the state's authority after the Liberation of France, answering only to de Gaulle. Most of them originated from Free French Forces, though some also came from the French Resistance.

</doc>
<doc id="20150081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150081" title="Gracques">
Gracques

The Gracques, named after the Gracchi brothers, are a French Social liberal think-tank.
During the French presidential election of 2007, a group of former high-ranking civil servants published an open letter titled "Merci, François !" ("Thank you, François!"), and signed ""Les Gracques"", in "Le Point" of 22 March 2007. The manifesto praised François Bayrou, advocated a Social democrat approach for the Socialist Party, and an alignment of the French political spectrum with that of the "great nations of Europe and Northern America", meaning an alliance between the Left and the Centre against the Right-wing.
After the election, the signatories and their sympathisers founded a thinktank, as a Voluntary association ("association loi de 1901"), and published a formal manifesto.
The Gracques notably define themselves as democratic, liberal, desegregationist, pro-labour, favourable toward state regulation of the economy, favourable toward wealth redistribution, pro-ecology, pro-European, and internationalist. 
The original members have been rumoured to include Jean-Pierre Jouyet, Denis Olivennes, Roger Godino, Matthieu Pigasse, Ariane Obolensky, Bernard Spitz, Guillaume Hannezo, François Villeroy de Galhau, Gilles de Margerie. As of late 2008, the association claims about 770 members. The organisation's Summer Universities in 2007 and 2008 have featured such speakers as Michel Rocard, Anthony Giddens, Walter Veltroni, Peter Mandelson and François Chérèque.

</doc>
<doc id="20150150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150150" title="Motomel">
Motomel

Motomel S.A. is a brand of Argentine motorcycle, based in San Luis Province and Buenos Aires Province; founded in 1992 by the La Emilia investment group.
History.
The factory La Emilia has its origins in the year 1892. Two brothers established the first textile factory in Argentina located in the outskirts of Buenos Aires, in La Emilia. As the company grew in the Argentine market, it started to manufacture other products within its facilities. In 1992 the factory La Emilia changed course and began to assemble chinese imports into motorcycles under the name of Motomel. Motomel is distributed through three main facilities in the cities of La Emilia, Villa Mercedes and San Luis.
Motomel today.
At present, Motomel is the largest company importing motorcycles in Argentina, this low cost, low quality motorcycles are also being re exported to some other countries in the South Americas. Motomel assembles almost 150,000 chinese motorcycles per year.

</doc>
<doc id="20150240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150240" title="John Whear">
John Whear

John Frederick Whear (January 1, 1867 – 1951) was a lawyer and political figure in Prince Edward Island, Canada. He represented 5th Queens in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1900 to 1904 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, the son of John Whear and Margaret Barnard. He studied at Prince of Wales College, went on to study law with Louis Davies and was called to the bar in 1890. In 1894, Whear married Florence J. Murchison. He was elected to Charlottetown city council in 1900 and 1902, also serving as acting mayor. Whear was a member of the province's Executive Council. He was later named postmaster for Charlottetown.

</doc>
<doc id="20150279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150279" title="Norene Forbes">
Norene Forbes

Norene E. Forbes (July 24, 1914 – June 15, 2004) was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. Forbes finished sixth overall in the women's 400-meter freestyle, recording a time of 6:06.0 in the event final.

</doc>
<doc id="20150281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150281" title="Full Throttle (film)">
Full Throttle (film)

Full Throttle (烈火戰車) is a 1995 Hong Kong film directed by Derek Yee.

</doc>
<doc id="20150282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150282" title="Ignatius Hidayat Allah">
Ignatius Hidayat Allah

Ignatius Hadayat Allah (died 1639) was Syriac Patriarch of Antioch from 1597 until his death. His death caused a some controversy in the church hierarchy, as subsequently Ahatallah, Bishop of Damascus and a convert to Catholicism, claimed to be his rightful successor. Unable to assume the post, Ahatallah went to Egypt and then to India, where he advanced the claim to the Saint Thomas Christians.
Early days and ordination.
Hadayat Allah was born in the Tur Abdin. In 1586 he became a monk in the monastery of Mar Hnanya (Deir Zafaran) near Mardin, and was ordained a deacon in 1587 by the Syriac Orthodox Patriarch Ignatius David II Shah. He became a bishop in 1595. In 1597 he was consecrated maphrian of the East by the patriarch Ignatius Pilate I. He was consecrated patriarch of Antioch later in the same year, on Pilate's death.
Death and succession controversy.
Ignatius Hadayat Allah died in 1639, and was succeeded in 1640 by Ignatius Simon I. Simon's succession was contested by Ahatallah, a former Syrian Orthodox bishop of Damascus who had converted to Catholicism, who insisted that he was Hadayat Allah's rightful successor. Unable to secure his claim, Ahatallah went to Persia and then to Egypt, and eventually to Portuguese India where he claimed to have been sent by the pope as a new Patriarch for the Saint Thomas Christians. The Portuguese claimed he was an impostor and sent him to Rome, but not before he had influenced the Saint Thomas Christian clergy. He died on his way to Rome before any of his claims could be validated.

</doc>
<doc id="20150285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150285" title="Henry Pitkin">
Henry Pitkin

Henry Pitkin (2 January 1811 – 18 September 1846) was a silversmith and watchmaker of Hartford, Connecticut.
Life.
Pitkin with his brothers John, Walter, and James had a successful jewelry manufacturing business in Hartford, Connecticut. The Pitkins were known to have outstanding mechanical ability. Pitkin and his two older brothers, John and Walter, had been apprenticed as silversmiths and watch repairmen, probably under Jacob Sargeant of Hartford. However, due to the depression following the Panic of 1837, they eventually closed their jewelry business in the later part of the 1830s. 
The Pitkin brothers were already developing a watch they hoped could be successfully mass-produced via partial automation of the process. Pitkin came up with the idea of making pocket watches by mass production methods using mechanical manufacturing equipment. Pitkin with his brothers designed and built the machine apparatus's themselves for their automation of pocket watch manufacture. Pitkin was the inventor of the American lever watch movement for pocket watches. 
Mass production of Pitkin watches began in 1836. Pitkin with his brother designed the first American pocket watches containing the first American machine made parts. The Pitkin Watch Company was the first to mass-produce pocket watches in America. Pitkin's pocket watches had an excellent reputation for being accurate and durable. The plates for the Pitkins pocket watches were punched out with stamping dies but many times had to be finished to close tolerances by hand. The movements were three-quarter plate, slow train, and about the diameter of the modern 16-size pocket watch. The watch cases they made themselves from gold and silver. They imported from Europe many of the dials, hands, hair springs and balance jewels needed for their watches, even though they tried to avoid using foreign made parts. Pitkin named the first fifty movements after himself, however after that the name "H & J. F. Pitkin" was used. They did not engrave the place of their production shop on their watches, however the words "Detached Lever" were put on the balance bridge. Pitkin and his brother made about 800 watches between 1836 and 1841. 
There were cheaper imported watches made by the Swiss so they struggled to keep the business afloat. In 1841 the company moved to New York in hopes for a better market. The cost to manufacture the movements was too great to compete with the Swiss watches and other imports. In 1846 Pitkin had a nervous breakdown and committed suicide. His brother James died a few years later. An employee of the Pitkin brothers by the name of Amariah Hells continued the business until 1852. Pitkin started the trend of making pocket watches of mass production by automation.

</doc>
<doc id="20150330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150330" title="Joan McSheehy">
Joan McSheehy

Joan McSheehy (July 22, 1913 – April 16, 1948) was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. McSheehy finished fifth overall in the women's 100-meter backstroke with a time of 1:23.2.

</doc>
<doc id="20150334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150334" title="El Oro Municipality, Durango">
El Oro Municipality, Durango

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 10,041. 

</doc>
<doc id="20150353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150353" title="Premià de Dalt">
Premià de Dalt

Premià de Dalt is a municipality in the "comarca" of the Maresme in Catalonia, Spain. It has a population of 9,788.

</doc>
<doc id="20150379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150379" title="Pennsylvania Natural Heritage Program">
Pennsylvania Natural Heritage Program

Founded in 1982, the Pennsylvania Natural Heritage Program (PHNP) gathers and manages information regarding the status and location of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania’s rare species and habitats and native natural communities. PHNP's goal is to build, maintain, and provide accurate and accessible ecological information needed for conservation, development planning and natural resource management.
PNHP works with the Western Pennsylvania Conservancy, Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources (DCNR), the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission, and the Pennsylvania Game Commission. 
One important initiative within the Heritage Program is the County Natural Heritage Inventory, which conducts county-wide inventories of threatened and endangered species as well as important natural areas. At present, completed county inventories are available for 57 counties and the remaining 10 are in progress. In addition, PNHP will return to counties and perform updates to ensure that county inventory data remains relatively current.
The PNHP has approximately 50 staff among the four partner programs, including botanists, vertebrate and invertebrate zoologists, aquatic and terrestrial ecologists, data managers and GIS specialists as well as environmental review staff. The PNHP Director and Program Manager are in the Office of Conservation Science and act as liaisons between the program partner agencies and provide leadership for program strategic direction and everyday program management.

</doc>
<doc id="20150440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150440" title="Ruth Kerr">
Ruth Kerr

Ruth Kerr (later "Todd") (March 8, 1916 – June 17, 1974) was a Canadian freestyle and backstroke swimmer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics. Ruth's parents started the Border Cities Swimming Club in 1930. At the time it was reportedly the largest swimming club in Canada. Ruth trained at the club's quarters at Kennedy Collegiate in Windsor.
In 1932 she was a member of the Canadian relay team which finished fourth in the 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay event. She swam the third leg of the relay. The other relay swimmers were Irene Pirie, Betty Edwards, and Betty Mullen. She also participated in the 400 metre freestyle competition and in the 100 metre backstroke event but in both she was eliminated in the first round.
Ruth Kerr was the first Windsor -born athlete to participate in an Olympic Games. She was also the youngest athlete on the 1932 Canadian Olympic Team. There is a section about Ruth and the Kerr family in Tony Techo's book, The Olympians Among Us.
Kerr was inducted into the Essex Sports Hall of Fame in September 1987. She worked as a school teacher for many years and married Robert Todd in 1948. The couple had four children (Kathy, Kerry, Bobby and Kristy). On September 21, 2013, Ruth Kerr was inducted into the Ontario Aquatic Hall of Fame as a Pioneer Swimmer. Her oldest daughter, Kathy, made a brief presentation and accepted the award on behalf of the family. Her second daughter, Kari, attended the induction ceremony, as did her husband and her children.

</doc>
<doc id="20150441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150441" title="Stamford Mercury">
Stamford Mercury

The Stamford Mercury (also Lincoln, Rutland and Stamford Mercury, Rutland and Stamford Mercury and Rutland Mercury) based in Stamford, Lincolnshire claims to be "Britain's oldest newspaper". "Berrow's Worcester Journal" and "London Gazette" also claim this honour. The Mercury's masthead proclaims that it has been published since 1695.
Three editions (Stamford and The Deepings, Rutland, and Bourne) are published every Friday. The circulation figure in 2011 was 16,675.
The Mercury is now owned by East Midlands Newspapers Ltd, part of Johnston Press. Sister newspapers include "The Peterborough Evening Telegraph" and "The Rutland Times".
Archives.
The Mercury possesses the largest archive of any provincial newspaper. It contains over 20,000 newspapers and is complete from the middle of the 18th century. It also holds substantial numbers of annual volumes and individual copies prior to that, dating back to 1714.
Since 2005, the archive has been in the care of The Stamford Mercury Archive Trust. The Trust received a grant of £305,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund to undertake a five year conservation programme. The Trust set out to microfilm every known copy of the Stamford Mercury in existence. Access to the archive is free for personal research. A copy of the complete microfilm run of the paper is available at Stamford Library.

</doc>
<doc id="20150450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150450" title="Sweet Relationship">
Sweet Relationship

Sweet Relationship () is a Taiwanese drama starring Vic Chou of F4, Alan Kuo, Megan Lai and Patty Hou. It is based on a Japanese josei manga by Satoru Makimura. It was produced by Comic Ritz International Production (可米瑞智國際藝能有限公司) with Chai Zhi Ping (柴智屏) as producer and directed by Chu Yu-ning (瞿友寧).
The series was first boardcasted in Taiwan on free-to-air Chinese Television System (CTS) (華視) from 16 September 2007 to 27 January 2008, every Sunday from 22:00 to 23:30 and cable TV Gala Television (GTV) Variety Show/CH 28 (八大綜合台) from 22 September 2007 to 2 February 2008, every Saturday at 21:00. It only received moderate rating despite the promising cast as well as story. The average rating of the drama after the final episode was 1.50.
Synopsis.
The story revolves around two polar opposites who wouldn't have met if it hadn't been for luck. Chang Bai Hui (Patty Hou) is a simple girl with extraordinary taste when it comes to food and dining. She could tell the difference between fine dining and a poor cooked meal in an instant. Ever since she was little, food has been the center of her world. It celebrated her college graduation and consoled her when her beloved father died.
Fang Zi Tian (Vic Chou) is a world renowned Chef who could have easily made headlines if he cared about it. He has an amazing cooking talent that sets him apart, and an ability to gain anyone's respect in the cooking world. Yet, he found no joy in what he does.
By stroke of fate, their paths cross several times. Though at first Zi Tian was less than pleased to have Bai Hui hanging around his life, he eventually grew to enjoy having her. Bai Hui's arrival in his life not only reignites his passion for cooking but it also taught him countless lessons in life. Just like Zi Tian, though in a different manner, Bai Hui was also changed. She grew up and matured to understand the world better, but none were to happen if it hadn't been for the help of those around them.
Soundtrack.
Sweet Relationship Original Soundtrack (美味關係 電視原聲帶) was released on 17 December 2007 by Joanna Wang, Megan Lai, Alan Kuo, and Vic Chou under Sony Music Entertainment (Taiwan). It contains ten songs, in which four songs are various instrumental versions of some songs. The opening theme song is "Ai Shang Zhe Shi Jie" or "In Love With This World" by Vic Chou, while the ending theme song is by Alan Kuo entitled "Don't Say Goodbye".
Reception.
Source: Chinatimes Showbiz

</doc>
<doc id="20150452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150452" title="No Instruments">
No Instruments

No Instruments is a the debut album from Neuroticfish released in 1999.
Track listing
Bloodline Re-release.
This is the first re-release of the album from 2000. This version features two bonus tracks ""M.F.A.P.L. (Intelligent Tribal Freak Mix)"" and ""All I Say"".
Track listing
USA Release.
This is the second re-release of the album from 2006. The other two verions were not released in the United States. This version also features two bonus tracks ""M.F.A.P.L. (Intelligent Tribal Freak Mix)"" and ""All I Say"". The album artwork for this version of the album was selected through an art contest held at vampirefreaks.com.
Track listing

</doc>
<doc id="20150487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150487" title="Hippolyte Annex">
Hippolyte Annex

Hippolyte Annex (born 14 February 1933 in Pézenas, Hérault) is a former French professional boxer. He was four time French champion, holding the French welterweight title from 1960 to 1961 and the middleweight title from 1961 to 1963. In 1962, he unsuccessfully fought Laszlo Papp for the EBU European middleweight title.
Professional career.
Annex's first professional fight was against Ceslaw Dudek on 12 April 1959 in Paris, winning by a knock out.
In 37 professional bouts, Annex won 28 (19 by knock outs), drew 6 and lost 3 (all KOs).
Annex's last fight was on 16 June 1963 at the St. Nazaire Stadium, Saint-Nazaire, Loire-Atlantique, France, when he was knocked out by the Senegalese boxer Souleymane Diallo.
In 2007, his home town of Pézenas honoured him by naming a street after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20150498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150498" title="Frances Bult">
Frances Bult

Neville Frances Bult (later "Vorrath", 27 June 1913 – 30 June 2008) was an Australian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Melbourne.
In 1932 she finished fifth in the 100 metre freestyle event. She also participated in the 400 metre freestyle competition but was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20150533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150533" title="SM City Baliwag">
SM City Baliwag

SM City Baliwag is a shopping mall owned, developed and operated by SM Prime Holdings. It is the second SM Supermall in the Bulacan Province after SM City Marilao, the 3rd and last SM Mall among the company's expansion in 2008 and the 33rd SM Mall in the list. The mall is located at DRT Highway, Brgy. Pagala, Baliwag, Bulacan. It opened on December 12, 2008 which features anchors like the SM Department Store, SM Hypermarket, SM Cinemas, Food Court and other anchors like the SM Appliance Center, Watsons Drugstore, and a games arcade.
External links.
<noinclude>
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20150559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150559" title="Northern Ireland local elections, 1989">
Northern Ireland local elections, 1989

Elections for local government were held in Northern Ireland in 1989.
Background.
The elections took place after a turbulent period in Northern Irish politics. The signing of the Anglo-Irish Agreement (AIA) in November 1985 had been followed by widespread protests by those in the Unionist community. In November 1985, the 18 Unionist controlled District Councils voted for a policy of adjournment in protest against the AIA and in February 1986 also refused to set the 'rates' (local government taxes). In September 1986 Unionist councillors considered but rejected the option of mass resignations but decided to continue to use council chambers as a forum to protest the agreement. 
One new development on the Unionist side was the entry into Northern Ireland politics of the Conservative Party which was joined by three sitting Unionist councillors.
On the Irish Republican side, the Irish Independence Party had disbanded following poor election results in 1985. Sinn Féin had split in 1986 over the issue of sitting in the Irish parliament, Dáil Éireann, if elected. The dissenting faction had formed Republican Sinn Féin (RSF). Three of the fifty nine councillors elected for Sinn Féin in 1985 joined this grouping. The Remembrance Day bombing of 1987 had a negative impact on subsequent SF support. Irish Republicanism was also affected by the passing of the Elected Authorities (Northern Ireland) Act 1989 which disqualified candidates who refused to sign a declaration renouncing:
RSF refused to sign the declaration and thus their twenty three candidates became ineligible.
Results.
By council.
The results were interpreted as "movement away from the extremes" with the UUP and SDLP increasing their lead over their rivals in the DUP and Sinn Féin respectively. A total of eleven councils saw the two top posts shared by parties from either side of the political/sectarian divide. The number of councils controlled by one party increased from two to six. The DUP retained control of Ballymena, with the UUP retained control of Banbridge and gained control of Antrim and Lisburn. The SDLP gained control of Down and Derry.

</doc>
<doc id="20150570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150570" title="Henry E. Davies (judge)">
Henry E. Davies (judge)

Henry Ebenezer Davies (February 8, 1805 Black Lake, near Ogdensburg, St. Lawrence County, New York - December 17, 1881 New York City) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1866 to 1867.
Life.
He was the son of Thomas J. Davies and Ruth (Foot) Davies (ca. 1772-1852). He was educated in the public schools and at age 14 went to live with Judge Alfred Conkling in whose office he studied law, and was admitted to the bar in 1826. He commenced practice in Buffalo, New York and entered politics as a Whig.
In 1830, he removed to New York City, and practiced law in partnership with Samuel A. Foote. In 1835, Davies married a daughter of John Tappan (brother of Lewis Tappan, Benjamin Tappan and Arthur Tappan), and they had six children, among them Henry Eugene Davies.
In 1840, he was a Whig alderman of the New York Common Council. In 1848, he dissolved the partnership with Foote, and formed a new one with William Kent (son of Chancellor James Kent). In May 1849, Davies was appointed Corporation Counsel of New York City, to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Willis Hall. In November 1849, he was elected to succeed himself, and remained in office until the end of 1852.
He was a friend of Millard Fillmore, and was his confidential adviser during his term as U.S. President. 
In 1855, he was elected to the New York Supreme Court to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Justice Robert H. Morris, and remained on the Supreme Court bench until the end of 1859.
In 1859, he was elected to the Court of Appeals on the Republican and American tickets, defeating the Democratic incumbent Alexander S. Johnson. Davies was an associate judge of the Court of Appeals from 1860 to 1865, and Chief Judge from 1866 to 1867. 
He died on December 17, 1881, at his residence at 60 West Fifty-first Street in New York City. He was buried at the St. Luke's Episcopal Church cemetery in Beacon, NY, the same place where Chancellor James Kent (1763–1847) is buried.

</doc>
<doc id="20150578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150578" title="Leak detector">
Leak detector

Leak detector may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20150584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150584" title="Ray Weston">
Ray Weston

Ray Weston is a Scottish drummer, most noted for his work with Wishbone Ash.
Early career.
Weston began his drumming career studying with the legendary Scottish drummer George McGowan as well as London great Bob Armstrong, whose former students include such luminaries as Oasis's Alan White, and The Who's Zak Starkey (also the son of Ringo Starr from The Beatles). After performing in numerous Scottish bands, Ray moved to London in the 1980s, where he met Martin Turner. He quickly established himself as a session musician, performing in the studio with such artists as Del Shannon, Mick Jones (The Clash), Andy Summers, Bill Wyman, Cliff Richard, Bjork and Gavin Rossdale. Additionally, Ray Weston (on drums) toured with Ultravox keyboard player Billy Currie, under the name Ultravox, before Currie decided on the side-project Humania. In 1990 Weston once again met with Martin Turner who requested he replace Steve Upton in Wishbone Ash.
Wishbone Ash.
Weston joined Wishbone Ash for the "Strange Affair" album and subsequent tour (of which the "Live in Chicago" album was made). On leaving in 1993, he continued work as a session player and joined the house bands for "Viva Cabaret" with Tom Jones, "The Jack Dee Show", "The Paul Merton Show" and "An Audience with... Freddie Starr". He rejoined Wishbone Ash in 1998, and recorded the "Bare Bones", "Bona Fide" and "Clan Destiny" albums before leaving once again in 2007.
Iron Butterfly–present.
In 2010 Weston toured with Iron butterfly on their twelve country European tour, nightly being featured in their 17-minutes hit In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida. The same year saw him producing Chris Amodeo's new album Homo Luminous. He's currently the drummer of Southern California band Hautewerk, who's songs can be found on the highly successful Rock Band video game by Harmonix.
References.
Credits at AllMusic

</doc>
<doc id="20150587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150587" title="Communications in Statistics">
Communications in Statistics

Communications in Statistics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes papers related to statistics. It is published by Taylor & Francis in two series, "Theory and Methods" and "Simulation and Computation".
"Communications in Statistics – Theory and Methods".
This series started publishing in 1970, and publishes papers related to statistical theory and methods. It publishes 20 issues each year.
Abstracting and indexing.
"Communications in Statistics – Theory and Methods" is indexed in the following services:
"Communications in Statistics – Simulation and Computation".
This series started publishing in 1972, and publishes papers related to computational statistics. It publishes 6 issues each year.
Abstracting and indexing.
"Communications in Statistics – Simulation and Computation" is indexed in the following services:

</doc>
<doc id="20150591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150591" title="University of Waterloo Faculty of Environment">
University of Waterloo Faculty of Environment

The Faculty of Environment is one of six faculties at the University of Waterloo in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.
The faculty was established in 1969. During its 40th anniversary at the start of the Fall 2008 term, its name was changed from "Faculty of Environmental Studies" to the current name, Faculty of Environment. The reason for the name change was because the faculty does more than just study the environment, and works towards "Smart, Green, Solutions", and that its professors and students are engaged in hands-on research projects across Canada and internationally. With the name change, the buildings formerly known as ES1 and ES2 have been renamed EV1 and EV2. Recently completed is a third building, appropriately named EV3. EV3 consists largely of the School of Environment, Enterprise and Development (SEED) and the School of Planning, as well as a lecture hall. The newly constructed building is targeting LEED® Platinum status. In order to obtain this goal there are many green features. From a two-story high living wall to a constructed wetland that deals with wastewater to solar panels and energy efficient technology, Environment 3 was built with sustainability in mind.
There was some student resistance with this name change, which came in the form of disagreements whether there should be a "the" in the new name, and problems with the commonly used 'ES' abbreviation throughout the Faculty. This was rectified by changing the meaning of 'ES' from 'Environmental Studies' to 'Environment Students'. The new abbreviation for the faculty is ENV, and is pronounced "envy".
Programs.
The faculty has grown significantly since its establishment, having become one of Canada’s largest centres for environmental research and teaching. The Faculty offers undergraduate and graduate programs in:
Currently matriculating 1,100 undergraduate students, 200 graduate students, and 50 faculty members, the Faculty is growing in both undergraduate and graduate enrollment.
Co-op education, whereby students alternate 4 months in school with 4 month paid work terms in jobs relating to their program, is a major feature of the Faculty. Co-op students can graduate with nearly 2 years of paid work experience.
Departments and schools.
The Faculty of Environment consists of: Department of Environment and Resource Studies, Department of Geography and Environmental Management, the School of Planning, the Centre for Knowledge Integration, and School of Environment, Enterprise and Development (SEED) (which is made up of the programs Environment and Business, International Development, and Local Economic Development).
Research.
The Faculty's research centres and groups include: Interdisciplinary Centre on Climate Change (IC3), Adaptation and Impacts Research Group, Ecological Restoration Group, Ecoplan China, Heritage Resources Centre, Parks Research Forum of Ontario (PRFO), Sustainable Energy Research, Transportation Research Group (TRG), Waterloo Laboratory for Earth Observations (WatLEO), and the Water Policy and Governance Group.
Student societies.
Students are served by the Environment Students Society that has many roles including representation on various boards within and outside of the Faculty, event planning, student space improvements, management of a student coffee shop and more. Additionally, all students pay into WESEF (Waterloo Environment Students Endowment Fund) which has approved over $500,000 in student-led projects that benefit the students themselves.
Each program has their own student society that organizes events specifically for students within their program. These societies include Waterloo Environment and Business Students (WEBS), Environment and Resource Studies Student Association (ERSSA), Waterloo Association of Geography Students (WAGS), Student Association of International Development (SAID), Knowledge Integration Student Society (KISS), and Planning Student Association (PSA).
Rankings and reputation.
SEED's Environment and Business program was ranked the top undergraduate business program in Canada for the third year in a row by Corporate Knights in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20150593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150593" title="General Simón Bolívar Municipality">
General Simón Bolívar Municipality

General Simón Bolívar is one of the 39 municipalities of Durango, in north-western Mexico. The municipal seat lies at General Simón Bolívar. The municipality covers an area of 10,041 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 9,569.

</doc>
<doc id="20150595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150595" title="Vice President of the Maldives">
Vice President of the Maldives

Vice President of the Maldives is the holder of a public office created by the Constitution of the Maldives. The current and 4th Vice President of the Maldives is Dr. Mohamed Jameel Ahmed sworn in 17 November, 2013.
Ibrahim Muhammad Didiwas the first Vice President, whom was an appointee, while Dr. Mohammed Waheed Hassan was the second and first elected Vice President. Mohammed Waheed Deen was the third Vice President, whom was also an appointee, while Mohamed Jameel Ahmed is the fourth and second elected Vice president.
The Vice President is the first in the line of succession to the Presidency in the event of the President's death, resignation, or removal from office.
The Office of the Vice President.
The post of the Vice President are described in article 112 of the constitution as follows:
Articles 117 and 122 then goes on to describe the Responsibilities of the Vice President.
As a result of these responsibilities, the Office of the Vice President and its duties are determined by the President. Under the current government, President Nasheed has charged the Vice President's office with implementing a plan to become Carbon Neutral by 2020, as well as to tackle a drug problem which affects more than half of the youth population.
The First Vice President.
The first Vice President of the Maldives was Ibrahim Muhammad Didi of Rayyithunge Muthagaddim Party, who was "appointed" to the position by President Mohamed Amin Didi (1 January 1953 to 2 September 1953). On the terms that the vacancy of the office of the President leads to the succession of the Vice President to presidency, Ibraahim Didi also served as acting president from 2 September 1953 to 7 March 1954 after the banishment of Mohamed Amin Didi.
From 1954 onwards, the Maldives would not have another appointed Vice President, which included the rule of Muhammad Fareed Didi and the Presidencies of Ibrahim Nasir and Maumoon Abdul Gayoom.
The First Elected Vice President.
Under the new constitution created the constitutional assembly and ratified by President Gayoom on 7 August 2008, the post of Vice President was once again created with the duties described above.
Under the new constitution, Dr. Mohammed Waheed Hassan of the Gaumee Itthihaad Party became the first "elected" Vice President of Maldives and was sworn into office on November 11, 2008. Mohamed Nasheed was elected into office as the President of the Maldives and together they effectively ended the 30 year rule of then Asia's longest serving ruler President Gayoom.
Dr. Waheed was the senior most Maldivian in the United Nations when he retired from it in June 2008, in order to return to the Maldives and become politically active. While in the UN, Dr. Waheed was the head of UNICEF for South Asia, Afghanistan, Yemen, Macedonia, Montenegro, and Turkmenistan. Dr. Waheed was the Third Maldivian to receive a PhD having done so from the prestigious Stanford University, having specialized in International Development.
He has been involved in politics in Maldives since 1989 when we won a Parliamentary seat with the highest number of votes recorded up to that point. However, he was forced out of the country after having pursued a bill on human rights that was not looked favored upon by the administration at the time. Dr. Waheed then spent 16 years working for UNICEF.
Dr. Waheed is currently married to Ilham Hussain and has three children. Their eldest daughter Widhadh (32) is an architect and owns an IT firm in California. Their second daughter Fidha (29)is a PhD student in East West psychology at the California Institute of Integral Studies, and their son Salim Waheed (23) is in his final year at Stanford University, studying Political Science.
Oath of Office of the Vice President.
The oath of office of the Vice President is described verbtim in the Maldives constitution.
"I, …(name of person)…, do swear in the name of Almighty Allah that I will respect the religion of Islam, that I will uphold the Constitution of the Republic of Maldives and the fundamental rights of the Maldivian citizens, that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the Republic of Maldives, and will discharge the duties and responsibilities of the office of Vice President honestly and faithfully in accordance with the Constitution and laws of the Republic of Maldives."

</doc>
<doc id="20150608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150608" title="Instituto Jacques Walter">
Instituto Jacques Walter

Instituto Jacques Walter is a Brazil-based institute that aims to preserve and regain Atlantic Forest (Mata Atlântica) in the state of Espirito Santo, Brazil. It is a non-profit organization that works with donations and sponsorships for the realization of its work.
History.
Over 20 years ago, Michel Frey gradually acquired a 175 hectare piece of land next to his private estate of Capijuma, about 100 km west of Vitoria, the capital of the state Espirito Santo, Brazil. Becoming increasingly concerned with the degradation of the Mata Atlântica, in 1999 he co-founded the Instituto Jacques Walter (after his father) with the aim to preserve and reforest the area. As effective reforestation methods in this area were not yet documented, he experimented with different reforestation methods. Also, with a special love for orchids, Frey committed himself to their preservation, reintroducing many species on the Institute’s land. He also discovered 5 new orchid species (one is also named after him: Pseudolaelia freyi). 
After the Frey's death in 2003, a new team has continued his work. Under the leadership of his son, Pierre Frey, a team based in The Netherlands and a team in Brazil now coordinate the Instituto. Their aim is to not only carry on Frey's work, but to expand it in several respects to give a meaningful contribution to the reforestation of the Mata Atlântica in Espirito Santo and beyond.

</doc>
<doc id="20150651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150651" title="Mapimí Municipality">
Mapimí Municipality

Mapimí is one of the 39 municipalities of Durango, in north-western Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Mapimí. The municipality covers an area of 7,126.7 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 22,940.
Located in the northeastern portion of the state, it borders the municipalities of Lerdo, Gómez Palacio, Tlahualilo, Villa Hidalgo, San Pedro del Gallo, San Luis del Cordero and Nazas.

</doc>
<doc id="20150682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150682" title="Lilli Andersen">
Lilli Andersen

Else Lilly "Lilli" Andersen (later "Svanberg", December 6, 1914 – January 24, 1988) was a Danish freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Sankt Jørgensbjerg, Roskilde and died in församling, Stockholm, Married to Tage Svanberg, a Swedish swimmer and she was the mother to John Torp Larsen and Hans Svanberg. 
In 1932 she was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 400 metre freestyle event. She also participated in the 100 metre freestyle competition but was eliminated in the first round. Hold the world record in 800 meter freestyle 1933. Still holds the swim record for female on the swim distance Barsebäck - Bellevue which was at the 6 August 1937. The recordtime was 7 hours and 47 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="20150703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150703" title="Wish (Reamonn album)">
Wish (Reamonn album)

Wish is the fourth studio album by the German pop rock band Reamonn. It was recorded in 2006 and released on April 21, 2006 through Universal Music. All tracks were written by Rea Garvey, Mike Gommeringer, Uwe Bossert, Philipp Rauenbusch and Sebastian Padotzke, the members of Reamonn.
The album was produced in Los Angeles with producer Greg Fidelman, who had previously worked with Red Hot Chili Peppers and Johnny Cash.
Singles.
"Promise (You and Me)" was released as a maxi single from the album on March 24, 2006. It was accompanied by a music video, filmed in Ireland and reminding of a Lord of the Rings scenery. The song has charted in Germany at number 17, in Austria at number 29, and in Switzerland at number 35.
"Tonight" was released as the second single on July 7, 2006. The song charted at number 11 in Germany, number 28 in Austria, and at number 20 in Switzerland.
"The Only Ones" was the third single to promote the album, released on December 8, 2006. It featured Lucie Silvas. The song charted at number 23 in Germany, number 26 in Austria, and number 32 in Switzerland. The single contained a B-side titled "Never Lettin' Go (Good Times)".
"Serpentine" was the fourth and final single from the album, released on May 25, 2007. It featured Lenny Castro on shakers. "Serpentine" charted at number 38 in Germany, and number 66 in Austria.
Commercial performance.
In Germany, the album spent 15 weeks on the charts peaking at number 2. In Switzerland, it reached number 2, spending a total of 33 weeks on the charts. In Austria, it peaked at number 13 during a 15 week stay on the chart.
Release history.
The release history of the versions of the album in three published countries.
"Wish Live".
Wish Live is a live album, released in Germany, Austria and Switzerland on June 1, 2007 in the CD/DVD format. It contained twelve tracks and one bonus track. It was recorded during the 2006 Wish Tour in Germany. Lucie Silvas toured with Reamonn during the Wish Tour, and performed solo and with the band.

</doc>
<doc id="20150738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150738" title="Guanaceví Municipality">
Guanaceví Municipality

Guanaceví is one of the 39 municipalities of Durango, in north-western Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Guanaceví. The municipality covers an area of 5246.9 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 10,224.

</doc>
<doc id="20150753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150753" title="Surimi (album)">
Surimi (album)

Surimi is a Limited European version of the single collection 'Sushi' containing new remixes of Skin and a bonus CD with previously unreleased demos from Neuroticfish.

</doc>
<doc id="20150761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150761" title="Chiaroscuro (music)">
Chiaroscuro (music)

Breathing in bel canto music is integral to the singer. He/she must employ the diaphragm by dropping the body down, and expanding the lower abdominal area. To achieve the bright "", one must stretch back the mask and raise one's cheek bones, as not to engage the face, jaw, or tongue. This brightness has a ringing, small, and bright tone akin to a trumpet. It is balanced out with the dark scuro. The final tone is a full, rich, vibrating timbre.

</doc>
<doc id="20150762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150762" title="Petre Capusta">
Petre Capusta

Petre Capusta (born June 14, 1957) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He won a silver medal in the C-2 500 m event at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20150773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150773" title="Borommarachathirat IV">
Borommarachathirat IV

Phrabat Somdet Phra Borommaracha Thirat IV () or Phrabat Somdet Phra Borommarachathirat No Phutthangkun (), formerly Prince Athittayawong, was the short-reigning king of Ayutthaya from 1529 to 1533. Prince Athittayawong was the son of Ramathibodi II and became the "Upparat" in 1515. Following his father's death, Athittayawong succeeded the Ayutthayan throne as Borommaracha IV. He appointed his brother, Prince Chairachathirat, as the "Upparat" at Phitsanulok. Borommaracha IV died abruptly in 1533 due to an epidemic, leaving the throne to his five-year-old son, Prince Ratsadathirat.

</doc>
<doc id="20150787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150787" title="Feedalizr">
Feedalizr

feedalizr was a cross-platform, desktop social media aggregator built using Adobe Integrated Runtime that consolidates the updates from social media and social networking websites. Users can then use this application to update those sites from their desktop and view a consolidated stream of information.
Developed by a distributed (located in Cape Town and Sao Paulo), it was the first Adobe AIR application for Friendfeed
As of 2009, feedalizr is no longer being maintained.
Supported services.
A user could configure his or her feedalizr account to aggregate content from the following services:

</doc>
<doc id="20150792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150792" title="Shigeo Nakagawa">
Shigeo Nakagawa


</doc>
<doc id="20150804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150804" title="Clara Sereni">
Clara Sereni

Clara Sereni (born in 1946) is an Italian writer of Jewish descent. She was born and married in Rome where she remained until 1991. Then she moved to Perugia, where she still lives. 
She became known to critics and the public with her first book, "Sigma Epsilon" (1974), an autobiographical revisiting of the frenzied political times marking her generation. Her second work, "Casalinghitudine", written thirteen years later, is a kind of recipe book where each dish is linked with a particular moment of her own past, an indelible memory. Her popularity increased with short stories, such as "Manicomio primavera" (1989) and the novel "Il gioco dei regni" (1993), which won her two literary prizes.
Sereni's activities also span the social and political arenas. In the Umbrian capital of Perugia she was elected Deputy Mayor, with the Social Policies portfolio, from 1995 to 1997.
In 1998, following a difficult personal situation (her son Matteo has been affected by psychosis from birth), Sereni promoted the "Città del sole" NGO Foundation (becoming its President) - a charity mental health organisation for the disabled and gravely afflicted.
She is also a columnist for the Italian newspapers "l'Unità" and "Il Manifesto", and has translated and edited works by Balzac, Stendhal, Madame de la Fayette. Moreover, she has reviewed many books, among which in 1996 the important "Si può (You can)", where five Italian journalists (Lucia Annunziata, Gad Lerner, Barbara Palombelli, Oreste Pivetta and Gianni Riotta) narrate a positive story of integration into society of the mentally disabled.
In 2003 she won the Grinzane Cavour Prize for Literature.
In 2004 Sereni took part in the documentary movie "Un silenzio particolare (A Particular Silence)", directed by her husband Stefano Rulli, on their mutual experience of life with their son Matteo, also in the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="20150837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150837" title="Culture Palace (Tel Aviv)">
Culture Palace (Tel Aviv)

The Culture Palace ("Heichal Hatarbut"), also known as the Charles Bronfman Auditorium, is a main concert hall in Tel Aviv, Israel, which was opened in 1957 at Habima Square. It is home to the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra. Leonard Bernstein conducted the inaugural concert, with pianist Arthur Rubinstein, as a soloist. 

</doc>
<doc id="20150858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150858" title="Challenger Middle School">
Challenger Middle School

Challenger Middle School could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20150859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150859" title="Ludovic Garreau">
Ludovic Garreau

Ludovic Garreau (born 21 February 1983) is a French former professional ice hockey player. He is currently head coach of the Scorpions de Mulhouse under-22 team.
Career.
Garreau began his senior career with FFHG Division 1 team Aigles de Nice in 2002. He moved to Rapaces de Gap of the Ligue Magnus for 2003 and 2004 before departing for Sweden's Division 2 in 2005. He played one season with Vimmerby IK and another with Grästorps IK before returning to France and the Lyon Hockey Club for 2007. 
While he never played for a championship winning team, Garreau twice played with teams finishing in second place: the junior Anglet Hormadi team in 2001 and the Lyon Hockey Club FFHG Division 2 team of 2007.
In 2009, he joined Castors d'Avignon of Division 1,as captain and coach(started from the 6th match againsted with Deuil-Garges) at season 2010, he helped Avignon club echeloned successfully finally. 
He retired in 2011 and became Youth Hockey Supervisor of Scorpions de Mulhouse and later became head coach of their under-22 team.

</doc>
<doc id="20150920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150920" title="Borislav Ananiev">
Borislav Ananiev

Borislav Ananiev (born December 11, 1955) is a Bulgarian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the C-2 500 m event at Moscow in 1980.
Ananiev also won a bronze medal in the C-1 500 m event at the 1975 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="20150921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150921" title="Sunao Ishiharada">
Sunao Ishiharada

He was born in Kagoshima Prefecture.
In 1932 he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 1500 metre freestyle event.
Four years later he finished fourth in the 1500 metre freestyle competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20150925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150925" title="Indé Municipality">
Indé Municipality

Indé is one of the 39 municipalities of Durango, in north-western Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Indé. The municipality covers an area of 2370.9 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 4,824.

</doc>
<doc id="20150932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150932" title="Shimla Public School">
Shimla Public School

Shimla Public School is an English-medium boarding school and day school, located in Shimla, Himachal Pradesh, India imparting education from nursery to tenth grade.
The school attracts students from all over the country and also from abroad, especially from South-East Asia. 
The school is affiliated to the ICSE board of Delhi.
History.
It was established in 1979.
School organisation.
Houses.
The student body is divided into four houses, represented by colours. Each student is allotted to one of these houses upon entry into school. The four houses are named after figures in the history of India:
The houses compete against each other in academic and sporting disciplines, each contributing towards house points. The house with maximum points is declared the "House Of The Year".
Prefects.
Prefects are appointed by the principal after consultation with the House Masters. Prefects are given authority and privileges. The Prefects are led by the Captain of School, the four House Captains and the four House vice captains. Special ties and blazer crests are worn to distinguish prefects from the rest of the students.

</doc>
<doc id="20150946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150946" title="Fusanosuke Gotō">
Fusanosuke Gotō

In January 1902 several soldiers in the 5th Infantry Regiment, 2nd Battalion became trapped on the Hakkōda Mountains; this was the start of the Hakkōda Mountains incident. Search parties discovered Gotō. The discovery led to the rescue of the other soldiers. His arms and legs were amputated as a result of frostbite.
After the incident, he retired from the army, returned to his hometown, became a member of the village assembly, and later died from cerebral hemorrhage.
In Jirō Nitta's "Death March on Mount Hakkōda: A Documentary Novel", a semi-fictional account of the disaster, Gotō is portrayed by the character Corporal Etō.

</doc>
<doc id="20150982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150982" title="Nikolai Ilkov">
Nikolai Ilkov

Nikolai Ilkov (born February 21, 1955) is a Bulgarian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He won a bronze medal in the C-2 500 m event at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20150983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150983" title="Duff Point">
Duff Point

Duff Point () is a point on Archar Peninsula forming the western extremity of Greenwich Island, in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. The name "Duffs Straits" was applied to McFarlane Strait by James Weddell in 1820–23, after Captain Norwich Duff under whom Weddell served in HMS "Espoir" in 1814. The name Duff Point was given by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1961 in order to preserve Weddell's name in the area; this point forms the northeast entrance to McFarlane Strait.
Location.
The point is located at which is 5.54 km east of Williams Point, Livingston Island, 15.63 km west of Spark Point and 8.54 km north of Inott Point (British mapping in 1821 and 1968, Bulgarian in 2005 and 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="20150990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20150990" title="Christian Brassington">
Christian Brassington

Christian Brassington (born 6 June 1985) is an English actor. He trained at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art. 
He attended Basingstoke Stage School, run by Brassington's father, Colin Flaherty.
In 2009, Brassington portrayed a young Boris Johnson in the More4 drama documentary "When Boris Met Dave" having previously played a young Tony Blair for Channel 4. In November 2013 he appeared in the one-off 50th anniversary comedy homage webcast "The Five(ish) Doctors Reboot".

</doc>
<doc id="20151022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151022" title="Tony Kishman">
Tony Kishman

Tony Kishman is an American bassist, most noted for his work with Wishbone Ash and in the musical "Beatlemania".
Early career.
Kishman began his musical career playing in cover bands in the Tucson, Arizona area. While playing lead guitar in a band in South California, his booking agent – Fred Cisneros – suggested he audition for the US "Beatlemania" show. He passed the audition, and played Paul McCartney in the show between 1977 and 1983.
Wishbone Ash.
Following the end of the show, Kishman moved to England where he was introduced to Andy Powell. In 1994 he was asked to join the band as bassist and vocalist, and subsequently appeared on the band's "Illuminations" and "Live in Geneva" albums.
Post-Wishbone Ash.
In 1997, Kishman left Wishbone Ash to pursue different musical projects. He has returned to performing as Paul McCartney in "Twist and Shout", an American Beatles tribute band.
Kishman is now a current band member with the critically acclaimed Classical Mystery Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20151024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151024" title="Khanani and Kalia International (Private) Limited">
Khanani and Kalia International (Private) Limited

Khanani and Kalia International (Private) Limited (KKI) was one of the biggest foreign exchange companies in Pakistan until November 2008 when it was closed down by the Pakistan government as part of the Pakistan Forex Scam Case. The company was investigated by the Federal Investigation Agency and the State Bank of Pakistan revoked its license.
KKI was part of the "Kalia Group" of companies founded by Hanif Kalia and run by Hanif's younger brother Abdul Kalia. Its corporate head office was in Karachi and it had a franchise of branches all over Pakistan plus a number of branches overseas.
History.
The company was founded in 1983, by Hanif Kalia, a well known businessman, educationalist and social welfarer. Its corporate office was in Karachi and its international marketing and commercial services head office in Mississauga, Canada.
Pakistan Forex Scam Case.
In November 2008, KKI became part of the Pakistan Forex Scam Case when the Pakistan government started investigations into the company and arrested its management team. In response the State Bank of Pakistan revoked KKI's license to operate its forex business forcing then company to shut down all its branches.
On March 5, 2011, the directors of "Khanani and Kailia International" and four bankers were acquitted of all charges due to lack of evidence. However the FIA complained about the acquittal and said it had provided enough evidence. In response the Supreme Court of Pakistan had an independent judge investigate the acquittal.
Operations.
KKI offered a number of services including currency exchange, home remittance, outward remittance and business administration. The company had branches in Karachi, Lahore and Islamabad, and a franchises networked all over Pakistan. The company also had foreign branches in London, Glasgow, Sydney, New York, Toronto, Montreal, Scarborough, Vancouver, Kuwait City, Bahrain, and Qatar.
KKI was part of the "Kalia Group" which also provided services including management consultancy, internal auditing, IT management, HR management, business administration, marketing, and R&D on behalf of clients. In addition the group had a number of related companies which included;
Kalia Security Vault Corporation.
In 1999 Kalia Group launched security vaults (Lockers) services with the establishment of Kalia Security Vault (Pvt) Ltd.
Kalsoft.
KalSoft (Pvt.) Ltd was incorporated in 1999 while it started its commercial operations in the year 2000. The basic aim of this project was to explore the international software market and thus the emphasis was laid on Software Exports. KalSoft specializes in B2B, B2C and C2C software development.
KalPoint.com.
Kalia Group was established as s socio-commercial organization KalPoint.com. It is a C2C e-commerce portal with over 35 categories and over 60,000 web pages. It has claimed to be the largest interactive portal in Pakistan and was declared as Pakistan’s best website by the leading IT magazines in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20151037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151037" title="Jonathan Christie">
Jonathan Christie

Jonathan Christie (born 9 July 1983 in Glasgow) is a field hockey player from Scotland, playing as a forward. He represented Scotland at the 2006 Commonwealth Games and played in the Euro Hockey League 2007-08 for Kelburne HC. His
younger brother Michael is a member of Scotland’s men’s team.

</doc>
<doc id="20151047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151047" title="Jalan Ladang Chuping">
Jalan Ladang Chuping

Jalan Ladang Chuping (Perlis state route ) is a major road in Perlis, Malaysia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20151063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151063" title="Paruva Ragam">
Paruva Ragam

Paruva Ragam () (English: "The Melody of Age") is a Tamil film directed by Ravichandran. It was simultaneously produced in Kannada and Tamil. The music for it was composed by Hamsalekha. The movie was originally released as "Premaloka" in Kannada.

</doc>
<doc id="20151064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151064" title="Reynolds">
Reynolds

Reynolds may refer to:
Places.
In the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="20151067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151067" title="Twin State Mutual Aid Fire Association">
Twin State Mutual Aid Fire Association

The Twin State Mutual Aid Fire Association ("Twin State") is the dispatch center and coordinating agency for fire and Emergency Medical Services operations in 23 towns in Grafton County, New Hampshire and Orange County and Caledonia County in Vermont. Dispatching duties are handled by the Grafton County Sheriff’s Department stationed in North Haverhill, New Hampshire.
Most of the departments in the Twin State system rely heavily on volunteer fire and EMS personnel, although positions are staffed by full-time members. Some departments like Littleton have a mix of full-time and on-call firefighters, while other departments like Landaff are entirely volunteer.
Private and municipal ambulance services are used in the service area. Two such services are run by Calex Ambulance Service in St. Johnsbury and Woodsville Ambulance in Haverhill. Individual towns contract for their services. Some towns like Lisbon use a Life Squad or FAST (First Aid Stabilization Team) Squad, which is a first responder corps staffed by paid volunteers in addition to the ambulance service. Littleton Regional Hospital runs the Littleton Regional Paramedic service, which provides advanced life support for the greater Littleton area. 
All radio dispatches use the frequency 154.400 under the callsign KSI-676.
Service area.
The following towns are served by Twin State Mutual Aid:
Some towns like Benton and Lyman do not have their own fire departments and contract with surrounding towns to service their calls.
Twin State Fire Mutual Aid is streamed online @ http://www.radioreference.com/apps/audio/?feedId=139

</doc>
<doc id="20151072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151072" title="Duchess Charlotte Frederica of Mecklenburg-Schwerin">
Duchess Charlotte Frederica of Mecklenburg-Schwerin

Duchess Charlotte Frederica of Mecklenburg-Schwerin (4 December 1784 – 13 July 1840), was the first wife of King Christian VIII from 1806 until 1810, before he became King of Denmark. She was a daughter of Frederick Francis I, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, and Princess Louise of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg, the seventh of the couple's surviving children born at Ludwigslust's court.
Marriage.
On a visit to Mecklenburg Prince Christian Frederik of Denmark stayed at his uncle's court in Schwerin where he fell in love with his cousin, Duchess Charlotte, and two years later he married her. The young couple took residence first at Amalienborg royal complex, and partly at Sorgenfri, but married life was unhappy. The main features of Charlotte's character was capriciousness, she was formless and frivolous. In 1808, she gave birth to her husband's only surviving son, the future King Frederick VII of Denmark. 
Charlotte Frederica allegedly affair with her singing teacher, Swiss-born singer and composer Édouard Du Puy, led on 8.11.1809 to her removal from the court. For this reason, her husband divorced her in 1810, sent her into internal exile in Horsens, and prohibited her from seeing her son again.
Later life.
After her divorce, Charlotte Frederica spent the next years of her life in a palace in Horsens, in Jutland and partly in Aarhus, where she cultivated social circles among the local bourgeoisie and had affairs with officers. In 1829 she moved from Denmark to Karlsbad under the name "Mrs. von Gothen." In 1830 she traveled to Italy, finally settling in Rome and later converted to the Catholic faith. Charlotte Frederica died in Rome in 1840. Her death was no doubt a relief to the court in Copenhagen as she dreamed of someday returning as the King's mother. Frederik VII, who was only one year old when she had to leave him, showed great reverence towards the memory of his late mother: he collected portraits of her in his rooms at Jægerspris Castle, and when he visited Horsens on Sept. 1857 he officially thanked the city "for the love and kindness that was shown to her."

</doc>
<doc id="20151078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151078" title="Hưng Yên Specialist High School">
Hưng Yên Specialist High School

Hưng Yên Specialist High School () is a specialist high school, located in Hưng Yên City, Hưng Yên Province, Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="20151086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151086" title="Calvary Episcopal Church (Pittsburgh)">
Calvary Episcopal Church (Pittsburgh)

Calvary Episcopal Church is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania that was founded in 1855. The church rented space from a German Lutheran Church until a building was constructed in 1861.
Due to Pittsburgh's industrial growth during the late 19th century, the church acquired a new property in 1904 and built a Gothic Revival-style building designed by architect Ralph Adams Cram. Charles Connick designed approximately 70 stained glass windows for the church between 1920 to 1939.
In 1921, Calvary Episcopal Church joined with the Westinghouse Electric Corporation to make the first radio broadcast of a church service.
2003 Lawsuit.
In 2003, Calvary Episcopal Church sued the diocese and Bishops Robert Duncan and Henry Scriven over actions taken by a special convention the diocese held after the 2003 General Convention. At the special convention, the diocese had passed a resolution that asserted that all property of individual parishes belonged to the parishes themselves, rather than to the diocese. In the suit, Calvary claimed that the diocese could not take such an action, as it violated the Dennis Canon. Eventually, the suit was settled out of court. The final settlement did not affirm Calvary Church's central contention that diocesan property was held in trust for the national church, but it created a process by which the diocese agreed to make decisions about property and assets should a congregation wish to leave the diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="20151090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151090" title="Cetara">
Cetara

Cetara or Cetera is musical instrument of the cittern family, common in Corsica. 

</doc>
<doc id="20151098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151098" title="De Bange 80 mm cannon">
De Bange 80 mm cannon

The De Bange 80mm cannon (Mle 1877) was a type of field artillery piece. 
History.
It developed in France by Colonel Charles Ragon de Bange in 1877, and adopted by the French Army that same year. It superseded the earlier Reffye cannon (1870) and the Lahitolle 95mm cannon (1875). De Bange also manufactured another cannon of a rather similar size: the De Bange 90mm cannon.
The cannon was breech loading and used the original mushroom-shaped obturator system developed by de Bange, allowing to properly seal the breech during each firing. The cannon still had an important recoil, meaning that it moved backward at each firing, necessitating re-aiming every time, which considerably slowed the rate of firing. This would remain a problem with all artillery pieces until the development of the recoilless Canon de 75 in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="20151102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151102" title="Siamese coup d'état of 1933">
Siamese coup d'état of 1933

The Siamese Coup d’état of June 1933 () was considered the first time in Thai history that the Military has successfully overthrown the Constitutional Government. The actual coup took place peacefully on 20 June 1933 in Bangkok. The Coup was led by Colonel Phraya Phahol Pholphayuhasena against the premiership of the Premier Phraya Manopakorn Nititada. The Coup was in effect a counter-coup against the dictatorial policies of Phraya Mano stemming from the "Yellow cover dossier crisis."
Background.
On 24 June 1932, the Khana Ratsadon (or the People's Party) carried out a peaceful Revolution against the rule of King Prajadhipok (or Rama VII) the absolute Monarch of Siam. The Party forced the King to give up his absolute powers and gave the Siamese people their first written constitution. On the 10 December of that year, a ‘permanent’ charter was promulgated with the blessings of the new constitutional monarch. 
The constitution stripped the king of most of his powers, where they were instead exercised by new the Government of Siam; which include the People's Assembly () (the legislature), the People's Committee () (the executive) and the Supreme Court (the judiciary) (). The President of this new Public Committee would be the Head of Government and in effect de facto Prime Minister of Siam. The role was offered and accepted by the 48 year old former Minister of Justice, Privy Councillor and Middle Temple lawyer Phraya Manopakorn Nititada. His title was later changed to Prime Minister after the old title was deemed too communistic. Phraya Mano was considered at the time the least controversial choice for the post of Prime Minister due to his lack of conflict, neutrality and whose hands were deemed the ‘cleanest’.
The Yellow Cover Dossier.
The new People's Committee (or the Government) was made up of 20 Ministers of State, 10 of whom came from the People's Party while the 10 others (who were high ranking Civil Servants) were picked by the party. In truth the committee quickly turned dictatorial. On 15 March 1933 Dr. Pridi Phanomyong, one of the founding members of the People's Party, Revolutionary and member of the People's Committee and Minister of State submitted to the People's Assembly the ‘Draft National Economic Plan’ or the Yellow Cover Dossier ().
The dossier outlined Pridi's plan for the country including the entire overhaul of the county's economic, financial and social structure. This extremely ambitious plan would try to overhaul 700 years of feudalism in Siam. In his own words he wrote: "this change of administration is not merely a coup d'état but an economic revolution", In Section 1 of the Economic plan he wrote:
"I remain resolute on this subject, and am of the view that if the government devises an appropriate national economic plan, finding employment for every citizen will not be beyond us. The improvement of the people's welfare is one of the primary goals in the reform of the system. Never was there an intention to transform the political system from a monarchy to an oligarchy, which would attempt to be a democracy in name only. I focused on the substance, namely, nourishing the welfare of the people. The constitution became the key to open the door of opportunity for the ordinary people to have a voice in the country's administration according to their needs and aspirations. Once this door has been opened, it is the duty of the government to lead the people through this door into a new land of prosperity."
Pridi tried to bring about this objective by suggesting many socialistic ideas, namely: national welfare, the redistribution of Wealth and Land to the poor, Government guided Economy, subsidies for rural farmers, a progressive taxation system and social assurance and security for the poor. Pridi realised this and argued that these suggestions (socialistic as they were) were merely a means to try and raise the standard of living for the many rural poor. He further argued that:
"Those who read the economic plan with a negative frame of mind would conclude that the government's attempt to run the economic system would de-humanise peoples into animals… I took great caution to prevent such de-humanisation; on the contrary, my desire was to help make people more human by eliminating the dangers to personal welfare brought about by economic factors…."
Despite its socialist leanings the dossier nevertheless was in truth a mixture of both liberalism and socialism. For instance the Plan guarantees the right of private property (in Section 1 and 5), the plan also called for the establishment of an independent Central Bank, both of these components of the liberal economic system.
Backlash.
The Plan drew criticism immediately after it was published, including from newspapers, intellectuals stoked mostly by the urban elites and landed nobility under the newly formed "Khana Chart" () (or National Party), looking for a way to damage the People's Party. The criticism centred on the socialistic nature of the dossier; including charges of Communism and charges that Pridi was instigating a social revolution. The criticisms were also laid at Phraya Mano, who allowed Pridi to publish such a plan. Despite these charges the People's party and especially the young revolutionaries and most of the urban middle class and rural poor stood behind Pridi in his defence. The debate, exploded however into a constitutional crisis when King Prajadhipok, who had confessed to the nation that he had little knowledge of financial affairs, attacked Pridi verbally and asked whether Pridi copied his Plans from Joseph Stalin or Stalin form Pridi's. 
The controversial and harsh royal intervention drew even more outrage from the public, this time not directed at Pridi but at the King. For the monarch had violated the constitution and was in effect criticising his own constitutional government. This also led to a lawsuit by a Mr. Thawan Ritthidet, a civilian suing the Monarch on the grounds he has violated the constitution by interfering in political affairs.
Constitutional crisis and Silent Coup.
The People's Committee was split between those who supported Pridi and those who opposed him, led by Phraya Mano himself. Who by now has realised the danger of Pridi's plans. On one side was the revolutionaries and members of the People's party, the other were the civil servants and some elite members of the military (and former revolutionaries); They were Phraya Songsuradet, Phraya Ritthi Akhaney and Phra Prasan Pithayayut. These men threatened Pridi and his supporters, the stated that they would carry weapons into the Assembly. After he did not attend the sessions they surround Pridi's house with armed supporters. 
Phraya Mano had little choice and was forced to call for the dissolution of the People's Assembly on 1 April 1933. Under emergency decree some parts of the constitution including the legislature and the judiciary was suspended. On the 2 April, the government repealed the ‘Anti-Communist Act’, which gave the police executive powers to arrest without trial, citizens who are considered to be communists. Under this law the People's party was disbanded, The Communist Party of Siam's central committee was arrested as well as numerous others including Vietnamese exiles accused of having communist sympathies. Many left wing newspapers and publications were also suppressed. This event is called the 'Silent Coup' () and is considered by many Thai historians as the first "real" coup d'état instigated by the military in Thailand against a constitutional government. On the 12 April Pridi was exiled to France.
The coup.
On the 15 June Army Colonel Phraya Phahol Pholphayuhasena (or Phot Phahonyothin), a member of the People's party and Minister of State resigned from his seat on the People's Committee, citing health reasons. In fact he and Naval Commander Luang Supphachalasai, with the help of young military officers conspired to overthrow Phraya Mano's government. With the support of the Army, the Navy and the civilian factions within the People's party and the support of most of Bangkok's populace Phraya Phahol was able to act.
On the 20 June Phraya Phahol and Luang Supachalasai, seized the National Assembly building and proclaiming themselves as the legitimate government. Citing the fact that the present government has acted illegally in dissolving the assembly and that they would return the constitution, in which the previous administration has suspended. Phraya Phahol appointed himself the country's Second Prime Minister and Luang Supachalasai a Minister of State. He immediately recalled the People's Assembly and asked the Speaker to submit to King Prajadhipok the reasons behind the coup at his Summer Palace in Hua Hin, the King duly accepted. He also pardoned Pridi and recalled him from exile.
Immediate resistance against the coup was limited and quickly dissolved as Phraya Mano resigned and escaped the capital by rail to Penang (then part of British Malaya), where he died in 1948. Phraya Songsuradet and others were barred from entering politics, this would eventually result in the Songsuradet Rebellion in 1939.
Aftermath and legacy.
The coup was the first (many would follow in subsequent years) that was successfully instigated or led by the military against a civilian government. A legacy which still looms large over Thai politics today. However bloodless the coup was the start of a dictatorial regime worse than the one that it had replaced.
Pridi Phanomyong eventually returned to Siam on 29 September 1933, not returning to government immediately. He instead became an academic and founder of Thammasat University in 1934. He would eventually become one of the most important players in Thai history during the Second World War becoming Regent of Thailand (1944–1946) and Prime Minister of Thailand in 1946; however label of communist would never leave him. A Thai central bank, the Bank of Thailand was in the end founded in 1942, when Pridi was in government.
Many issues, chiefly those concerning the role of Prajadhipok, were however never resolved and would eventually lead to the Boworadet Rebellion later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20151115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151115" title="Mirko Nišović">
Mirko Nišović

Mirko Nišović (; born July 2, 1961) is a Yugoslav-born, Serbian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1970s to the late 1980s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won two medals at Los Angeles in 1984 with a gold in the C-2 500 m and a silver in the C-2 1000 m events, in team with Matija Ljubek.
Nišović also won six medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (C-2 500 m: 1982, 1983; C-2 10000 m: 1985), two silvers (C-2 1000 m: 1982, 1985), and one bronze (C-2 1000 m: 1983).

</doc>
<doc id="20151118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151118" title="Hakkōda Mountains incident">
Hakkōda Mountains incident

The Hakkōda Mountains incident occurred on January 23, 1902, when a large group of Japanese soldiers on a training exercise became trapped on a mountain range, causing many of them to die.
Several soldiers in the 2nd Battalion, 5th Infantry Regiment became trapped in a blizzard while crossing the Hakkōda Mountains from Aomori City in a military training exercise. The exercise was meant to gather experience in dealing with winter weather. Japan was preparing for a possible conflict with the Russian Empire in Siberia and Manchuria, which eventually was realized as the Russo-Japanese War. One hundred ninety-nine of the 210 members died. Corporal Fusanosuke Gotō managed to get help for the beleaguered unit. Search parties discovered Gotō. The discovery led to the rescue of the other soldiers.
Jirō Nitta wrote "", a semi-fictional account of the disaster. James Westerhoven translated the book into English.

</doc>
<doc id="20151128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151128" title="Xavier Simoni">
Xavier Simoni

Xavier Simoni (born 20 March 1984 in Biarritz, France) is a professional ice hockey player. He is currently a defenceman for the Lyon Hockey Club.
Career.
Simnoi made his senior debut for the Toulon Buccaneers in 2001. After two seasons in Toulon he moved to Lyon to play for the Lions before shifting again to Amnéville and the Galaxiens for season 2005. He lasted just one season in Amnéville before returning to Lyon and remains a defenseman in season 2008.
Simoni has represented France at both the 2000 and 2001 Under-18 World Championships as well as at the 2003 Under-20 World Championships. In 2001 he was a defenceman on France's World Champion Under-18 team.

</doc>
<doc id="20151137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151137" title="Peter Guinness (actor)">
Peter Guinness (actor)

Peter Guinness is an English film, television and theatre actor.
Career.
He has appeared in over fifty television productions and over ten films. Guinness has also appeared onstage in an adaptation of "The Pianist".
Personal life.
He is married to Roberta Taylor, an actress and writer. In 2010 he came out in support politically for the Labour Party, after appearing in one of their election broadcasts.

</doc>
<doc id="20151142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151142" title="Kresge Eye Institute">
Kresge Eye Institute

The Kresge Eye Institute in Detroit, Michigan is a leading medical center for the preservation of sight and has an international reputation for its pioneering eye research program, basic science studies and as a major referral center for the treatment of difficult vision problems.
History.
Founded in 1948, the Kresge Eye Institute is part of the eight hospitals/institutes composing the Detroit Medical Center. Following World War II, leading ophthalmologists saw the need for a comprehensive eye institute in Michigan. Through a generous grant from The Kresge Foundation, Drs. A.D. Ruedemann Sr. and Parker Heath established the Kresge Eye Institute in Detroit, bringing together physicians and scientists in a collaborative effort to preserve vision.
Clinical Services.
DMC Kresge Eye Institute specializes in the following clinical services:

</doc>
<doc id="20151148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151148" title="Peter Guinness">
Peter Guinness

Peter Guinness may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20151158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151158" title="Noboru Sugimoto">
Noboru Sugimoto

He was born in Kōchi Prefecture.
In 1932 he finished fifth in the 100 metre freestyle event.

</doc>
<doc id="20151161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151161" title="Damien Croux">
Damien Croux

Damien Croux (born 1 November 1986 in Lyon, France) is a professional ice hockey player. He is currently a defenceman for the Lyon Hockey Club.
Career.
Croux made his senior debut for the Lyon Hockey Club in 2003 as part of their Division 1 team. Croux has remained with the team through two seasons in Division 1 and five seasons of FFHG Division 2 competition. He was named captain prior to the 2010-11 season and helped the Lions reach the final to move up to Division 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20151175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151175" title="VentureNavigator">
VentureNavigator

VentureNavigator is an online business support service launched in November 2007. The service was created by the Business Edge Consortium comprising 7 UK Universities (University of Essex, University of Cambridge Institute for Manufacturing, University of Leeds, University of Liverpool, The Open University, University of Glasgow, University of Warwick) and a private company (Library House). 
VentureNavigator aims to help start-ups and small businesses improve their chances of success. The service is funded by the Higher Education Funding Council for England (HEFCE) via the competitive Higher Education Innovation Fund (HEIF3). The service is free of charge to end users. 
The service has been used by UK national newspaper the Daily Telegraph to support a series of articles on entrprenuership. In 2008 it was highlighted as a best practise case study in a report to The Conservative Party on Small Business and Government.

</doc>
<doc id="20151177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151177" title="Dob, Domžale">
Dob, Domžale

Dob () is a village in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The settlement used to be part of the Krumperk lordship.

</doc>
<doc id="20151189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151189" title="Gerardo Solano">
Gerardo Solano

Club career.
Solano was a member of the Saprissa squad that won six consecutive championships from 1972 to 1977, a record both in Costa Rica as well as in the American continent. He was the club's joint-leading scorer with eleven goals in 1973.
Solano also won three titles with C.S. Herediano.
International career.
Solano appeared in 13 matches for the full Costa Rica national football team from 1975 to 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20151197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151197" title="Gareth Jones (researcher)">
Gareth Jones (researcher)

Gareth Jones is a computer scientist. Jones obtained a Bachelor's degree in Electrical and Electronic Engineering from the University of Bristol in 1989 and a PhD examining the Application of Linguistic Models in Continuous Speech Recognition in 1994 from the same institution. He has since worked at the University of Cambridge, at the University of Exeter, at the Toshiba Corporation Research and Development Centre in Kawasaki, Japan, at Carnegie Mellon University, U.S.A. and at the National Institute of Informatics, Tokyo, Japan. In 2003 he was appointed as a Senior Lecturer in the School of Computing at Dublin City University. 
Jones has published extensively in the general field of information retrieval, especially with regard to multi-medial and cross-linguistic information access, and is a member of several editorial boards.

</doc>
<doc id="20151205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151205" title="38th Bombardment Group">
38th Bombardment Group

The 38th Bombardment Group is an inactive unit of the United States Air Force. It was most recently assigned as the operational (flying) component of the 38th Bombardment Wing, stationed at Laon-Couvron Air Base, France, where it was inactivated on 8 December 1957.
During World War II the 38th Bomb Group was a medium bombardment group operating in the Southwest Pacific Area (SWPA) as a B-25 Mitchell unit assigned to Fifth Air Force. It was one of the first combat organizations of the United States Army Air Forces to be deployed to the Pacific Theater when elements took part in the June 1942 Battle of Midway using the Martin B-26 Marauder medium bomber. Operating in separated echelons until February 1943, the group was re-organized in April 1943 into a standardized B-25 unit. At the conclusion of World War II, the group converted to the A-26 (later B-26) Invader medium bomber.
The 38th Bomb Group was awarded four Distinguished Unit Citations for its combat service in Papua (Buna and Gona, 23 July 1942 to 23 January 1943); New Britain (Cape Gloucester, 24–26 December 43); New Guinea (Jefman-Samate-Sorong, 16–17 June 1944); and Leyte (Ormoc Bay, 10 November 1944). It also received recognition from the government of the Philippines with an award of the Philippine Presidential Unit Citation.
During the early years of the Cold War, the unit operated in France as a NATO tactical bombardment group flying Martin B-57B Canberras. The group formed the "Black Knights" aerial demonstration team that performed at several air shows in Western Europe, including the 1957 Paris Air Show. The Black Knights were the only tactical bomber show team in the world.
Operations.
World War II.
Creation, training, and overseas movement.
The 38th Bombardment Group (Medium) was constituted on 20 November 1940 by War Department General Order AG 320.2, and activated on 15 January 1941 at Langley Army Air Base, Virginia, by the 2nd Wing, GHQ Air Force. Its original cadre consisted of seven officers and 112 enlisted men transferred from the 22d Bombardment Group to administratively organize the group. Its original assigned flying squadrons were the 69th, 70th and 71st Bomb Squadrons, with the 15th Reconnaissance Squadron activated at the same time and attached.
In the first week of June 1941 the group transferred to Jackson Army Air Base, Mississippi to receive an influx of personnel just graduated from technical schools and to train a large levy of drafted enlisted men, mostly from Pennsylvania, fresh out of basic training. The first combat crews joined the group on 2 September, consisting of 30 newly commissioned pilots of Randolph Field Pilot Training Class 41-F, who began group training in seven B-18s and two PT-13 Kaydets. The next month the group began receiving new B-26 Marauders, and by 1 December 1941 each bomb squadron had 13 assigned. The first loss of an aircraft was 69th BS B-26 40-1472 in a landing accident at Jackson AAB, with all six crewmen killed, on 21 December 1941.
The German U-boat threat to Allied shipping earmarked the group for assignment to anti-submarine warfare patrols from a base in South America. Orders to transfer the group to Savannah AAB, Georgia, as the first step in the process, were rescinded when the United States was drawn into the war on 7 December 1941. Instead the group remained at Jackson until 18 January when its ground echelon entrained for movement to a port of embarkation at San Francisco, California, where it was quartered in the Cow Palace.
On 29 January the ground echelon boarded the Army transport USAT "Tasker H. Bliss", formerly the Dollar Liner SS "President Cleveland". The "Bliss" left in convoy from San Francisco on the 31st and arrived at Brisbane, Australia on 25 February 1942. On that date the 15th Reconnaissance Squadron was assigned as the group's fourth squadron, and re-designated the 405th Bomb Squadron on 22 April 1942.
The ground personnel of the group were employed as service and construction troops, working at various bases until assignment to Charters Towers on 2 August. The advance party, however, found that the 3rd Bomb Group and its A-20 Havocs occupied all the desirable space and established a camp at Breddan on 7 August. The ground element of the 71st BS moved to Batchelor Field, Darwin, on 1 May to act as a service squadron for the 19th Bomb Group, which had been compelled to evacuate its B-17s from the Philippines by Japanese advances. On 12 August it rejoined the group at Breddan.
The air echelon did not accompany the sea movement and was quartered at Fort McDowell, California, until 6 April, when it moved by train to Patterson Field, Ohio, to continue B-26 training. On 8–7 May, the 69th and 70th BS flew new B-26Bs to California for movement to Hawaii, while the 71st and 405th began receiving B-25 Mitchell bombers for training. The 71st moved to MacDill AAB where it exchanged its experienced B-26 crews for those of the 21st Bomb Group (a unit converting to B-26s), which were entirely newly graduated pilots from Shafter Field Pilot Training Class 42-E. The 405th flew to Barksdale Field, Louisiana, to exchange crews with the 17th Bomb Group, which was converting to B-26s because a large portion of its B-25s had been lost on the Doolittle Raid. These novice pilots and crews became the core of the group's combat crews for the next 15 months.
69th and 70th Bomb Squadrons.
On May 19th the first flight of three B-26 Marauders left Hamilton Field, for Hawaii. From 22 May to 10 June the 69th and 70th Bomb Squadrons ferried 26 Marauders to Hickam Field without a single mishap.
Two aircraft of the 69th BS in Hawaii took part in the Battle of Midway as part of Seventh Air Force. Together with two Marauders from the 18th Reconnaissance Squadron of the 22nd Bomb Group, they were modified to each carry a Mark 13 torpedo and practised torpedo runs for ten days before being deployed to Midway Island. All four took off on the morning of 4 June 1942, in an attempt to attack Japanese aircraft carriers. The bombers began their long torpedo runs at 800 feet altitude, and two were lost before they could release. The remaining B-26s then dropped down to only ten feet above the water under heavy attack from Japanese fighters and antiaircraft fire. Neither hit the carriers. The two Marauders lost included one with a 69th BS crew, while the two survivors were heavily damaged.
On 13 June the 69th received orders to proceed to New Caledonia. Equipped with only ten B-26s and based at Plaine Des Gaiacs Airfield, New Caledonia, it became the first medium bombardment squadron in the South Pacific Area. The 70th Bombardment Squadron arrived at Nandi Airfield on Fiji one week later.
Both squadrons conducted search and bombing missions in the Solomon Islands from McDonald Field on Efate during the Guadalcanal campaign, and the 69th staged twice with torpedoes for strikes against the Japanese fleet that never materialized. The 70th was briefly based on Guadalcanal in mid-November. The 69th arrived at Guadalcanal on 31 December and immediately bombed the Japanese airfield under construction at Munda. It remained at Henderson Field until 12 January, flying eleven missions against Munda and the Japanese seaplane base at Rekata Bay, where it lost two Marauders to antiaircraft fire on 7 January 1943.
The 69th was advised at the end of September that it would be converting to B-25s, but it was November before the first five were received. It turned over its surviving B-26s to the 70th BS in March 1943 when it received 10 new Mitchells and began three months of conversion training. On 26 February 1943, the 69th and 70th squadrons were reassigned from the 38th Bomb Group. In March they were assigned to the 42nd Bombardment Group based on Fiji and the 70th also began conversion to B-25s.
71st and 405th Bomb Squadrons.
The two B-25 squadrons picked up 37 new B-25C and B-25D aircraft at McClellan Field, California, on 28 July 1942, flew them to Hamilton Field, and began movement to Hawaii in early August. These were the first B-25s to be flown to their overseas bases. Stripped of all armament (shipped separately by sea) to reduce weight and navigated without radio beacon aids, they continued on from Hickam Field to Breddan via Christmas Island, Canton Island, Fiji, and New Caledonia. During the ferry operation, five bombers of the 405th BS became lost over New South Wales after a navigation error trying to find Amberley, Queensland, on 14 August and ran out of fuel. One was abandoned near Lismore, one crash-landed at Casino, and two others crash-landed at Grafton. The fifth managed to land safely at Evans Head. One crewman was killed bailing out of his aircraft.
All aircraft of 71st BS arrived by 14 August and those of the 405th by 21 August. The remaining 33 bombers of the group were in place at Breddan by 25 August, and the two squadrons began flying training missions from Charters Towers on 29 August. The group was assigned to the newly activated V Bomber Command, Fifth Air Force and operated in that command to October 1944, attacking Japanese airfields, shipping, and ground forces in New Guinea and the Bismarck Archipelago.
On 9–10 September, in preparation for starting operations, the 38th BG was assigned to the Fifth Air Force's Advanced Echelon (ADVON) and a forward echelon moved to Horn Island Aerodrome. 12 Mitchells flew the first combat mission on 15 September 1942, staging through Port Moresby, to bomb and strafe Japanese Army positions and an airfield near Buna, New Guinea. On 28 September the forward echelon displaced to Laloki airfield, New Guinea, where it continued reconnaissance and occasional bombing missions, while the remainder of the group moved up to Townsville. The 38th BG experienced its first combat loss when fighters shot down a B-25 attacking a convoy off Buna on 5 October.
The group had been without a commanding officer for nearly six months, and on 6 November Lt. Col. Brian O'Neill, commander of the 22nd BG's 408th Bomb Squadron at Reid River Airfield in Australia, transferred to the 38th BG and took command of the group. O'Neill remained in command for the next year, until a freak ground accident caused him to be transferred for medical treatment in October 1943.
During the month of November, the group staged through Rorona airstrip, flying a limited number of missions, while the ground echelon completed its move to New Guinea by sea. On 26 November it moved into another of Moresby's airfield complex, Durand Airfield ("17 Mile Drome"), from which it would operate for fifteen months. At Durand, as at the five bases which followed, the group lived in dispersed tent cities, was subject to nightly raids on its facilities by Japanese aircraft, and often staged through crude forward strips to extend the range of its combat operations.
The group participated in the Battle of the Bismarck Sea on 3 March 1943, with the 405th BS engaging in an early example of "mast head" (skip) bombing. Following the Bismarck Sea mission, the 38th returned all of its aircraft over a period of months to the 4th Air Depot in Townsville for field modification to the B-25C-1 (405th BS) and B-25D-1 (71st BS) strafer configuration in which the nose compartment was enclosed with sheet metal and eight forward-firing machine guns were mounted in the nose and on the fuselage side below the cockpit in blister packs. The lower turret was also removed and replaced by a 150-gallon fuel tank mounted on bomb racks that allowed it to be jettisoned once fuel was transferred. The 405th made low level strafing attacks its standard operating procedure in March 1943, while the 71st BS commenced such missions in May. The modification process and training needs released the group from most combat operations between April and July.
Major Ralph Cheli (pronounced "Kelly" ) was awarded the Medal of Honor leading a mission on the second day of the bombing of Wewak on 18 August 1943. Assigned to lead both the group and the 405th BS in an attack on heavily defended Dagua Airdrome, his C-1 strafer was severely hit by enemy fire while at 150 feet. Cheli remained in formation and led the attack before crash-landing his bomber into the sea. Initially he was believed killed in the crash, but post war evidence indicates that he survived the crash but was executed in March 1944 by the Japanese while a POW on Rabaul. For his actions, he was awarded the Medal of Honor. What were believed to be the remains of Cheli and other similarly executed POWs are now interred at Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery in St. Louis, Missouri.
Two weeks later, on 2 September, sixteen strafers attacked shipping reported in Wewak harbor. Attacking in eight two-plane elements with two 1000-pound bombs each, the Mitchells came in just over the crests of low ridges to the south, into a barrage of intense antiaircraft fire at their altitude. 10 to 15 Japanese fighters eluded the P-38 top cover by circling under a 5000-foot ceiling, then attacked the bomber formation vertically and from the rear for 25 minutes. One bomber of the 405th BS was shot up as it released its bombs, then ditched in the bay. A second was pursued after bombing and cartwheeled into the Bismarck Sea when hit by fighter attacks. A third was shot down during the attacks of the 71st BS when it "snap rolled" at wavetop height and crashed inverted into the bay. The crews of all three aircraft were killed. Despite the losses, small barrage balloons anchored to each ship, and a number of overshoots of the bombs, the attack succeeded in hitting several of the vessels.
822d and 823d Bomb Squadrons.
The 822d and 823d Bomb Squadrons were constituted and assigned to the 38th BG on 20 April 1943 to bring the group to a full strength of four squadrons. Both squadrons were raised in New Guinea using a cadre from the 38th BG to provide group training to a pool of incoming ground personnel, and later to new pilots. The ground personnel landed at Port Moresby on 23 June 1943 after a month at sea, while the air crews trained at Charters Towers until October 1943. 38 new B-25G aircraft began field modifications at Townsville on 24 September and were flown by their crews to Durand on 9 and 10 October. The new squadrons flew their first combat mission on 15 October 1943.
The two veteran squadrons engaged in a series of large strikes mounted by Fifth Air Force against Rabaul in the latter half of October, attempting to neutralize the Japanese base before Allied landings on Bougainville, scheduled for 1 November. On 2 November, the 71st and 405th BS were part of a force of nine understrength squadrons of B-25s and six of P-38 Lightning fighters that attacked Simpson Harbor to cover the landings. In its strafing attack on shipping, the 38th lost three B-25s to antiaircraft fire from numerous Japanese naval vessels in the harbor.
After the neutralization of Rabaul, the group attacked airfields on New Britain in preparation for the landing of the U.S. Marines on Cape Gloucester, then shifted on 19 December to bombing of defense positions. On D-Day, 26 December, all four squadrons of the group laid smoke screens and strafed the beaches at low altitude, for which the group was awarded its second Distinguished Unit Citation. In January 1944 the group began staging its missions through Dobodura. On 15 February 1944 the group attacked Japanese shipping in Kavieng harbor, where a 71st BS B-25 was forced to ditch after being set aflame by antiaircraft fire during its bomb run. The three survivors of the crew were among fifteen rescued by U.S. Navy PBY Catalina pilot Lt. J.G. Nathan G. Gordon, who received the Medal of Honor for the exploit. On 4 March the 38th BG moved to a new permanent station at Nadzab Field.
Operations in 1944–1945.
The group experienced significant non-combat losses of aircraft to New Guinea's volatile climate and rugged terrain. On 16 April 1944, 24 bombers took off to bomb Hollandia, with two returning to base with engine problems. The remaining 22 bombed their targets without opposition by the Japanese, but on the return flight encountered a massive storm front. Unable to penetrate the front, the squadron formations dispersed at the coast, with eight planes landing safely at Cape Gloucester and three others at Finschhafen. The other 11 attempted to land at Saidor, but two were severely damaged and four wrecked in crashes or runway collisions with other aircraft. Four airmen were killed. In all the weather front on "Black Sunday" claimed 37 USAAF aircraft lost or destroyed, the biggest weather loss in the history of the United States Air Force.
While based at Nadzab, the group increasingly used forward strips from which to stage missions, including Hollandia, Wakde, and Borokoe Airfield on Biak. In May and June the 38th conducted a month of attacks against Japanese airpower in the Vogelkop to protect Allied amphibious movements along the north coast of New Guinea. The campaign culminated in a two-group attack on Jefman and Samate Dromes at the extreme western tip of New Guinea, led by the 38th BG. The 670-mile mission, the longest to date by medium bombers in the SWPA, required staging through Hollandia and Wakde airfields and the use of 215-gallon fuel tanks mounted in the bomb bays. Strafing and parachute bombing more than forty Japanese aircraft on the fields, in two waves of 11 aircraft abreast, the lead bombers of the 38th claimed five Japanese aircraft shot down attempting to take off, and four others that evaded the P-38 escort and attempted to bomb the group using white phosphorus aerial-bursting bombs. The smoke from fires caused by its attack grew so thick that the last crews through were forced to fly on instruments. One mission report stated: "Col. (Donald P.) Hall led the formation so low over the drome that plane number 233, piloted by Lieutenant Breneman, was forced to pull up to strafe the operations tower." The next day the group returned to attack shipping it had observed in Sorong harbor during the mission against the airdromes. The missions earned the group its third DUC.
By the end of June, attrition and extensive operations had reduced the group to 67 crews, of which only 23 were medically available for missions. As a result nearly 300 air crewmen were sent back to the United States for rest and recuperation. During July and August 1944 the group was taken off operations while it received and trained 63 fresh crews in formation flying, practiced bombing, and exchanged its B-25G and C-1/D-1 models for B-25J aircraft. The 823rd BS was the first to become operational with the J, followed soon after by the 405th, which had not received a replacement aircraft in over a year. The group's first combat mission using the B-25J occurred on 5 September 1944.
The 38th BG supported the Allied landings on Morotai on the mornings of 15 and 16 September 1944 by conducting low level missions to spray DDT as an anti-malarial measure on the vegetation-overgrown Pitoe Airfield, located just behind Red Beach. 19 of 21 planned sorties were completed, spraying 3,000 gallons of the pesticide-oil mixture, followed by 2,400 more gallons on 29 September. On 15 October the group moved into Pitoe's new dual-strip airfield to support the Allied invasion of Leyte by bombing airfields, ground installations, harbors, and shipping in the southern Philippines. When the Japanese fleet threatened the beachhead on October 24 during the Battle of Leyte Gulf, the 38th BG was alerted for possible missions, but the fleet did not come within range of the B-25's on Morotai. 
On 10 November the 38th BG was ordered to attack a large Japanese convoy in Ormoc Bay attempting to land reinforcements. The convoy consisted of three large transports and several smaller merchant vessels, escorted by ten destroyers and patrol craft. 32 bombers of the group took off from Morotai at 0800, with two returning for mechanical problems, and picked up an escort of 37 P-47 Thunderbolts of the 348th Fighter Group en route to their new base at Tacloban Airfield, Leyte. At 1135 the convoy was sighted, and the group circled to make its approach from the land side. It attacked individual ships in two-plane elements at 150 feet into intense and effective antiaircraft fire from the Japanese naval vessels. In just seven minutes of combat, five of the lead 822nd Squadron's eight bombers were shot down, including the group leader, as were two of the 823rd BS, last over the convoy. The group, which was awarded its fourth Distinguished Unit Citation for the mission, suffered its greatest loss: seven bombers, three complete crews, and 21 dead or missing. While its claims were exaggerated in both tonnage and numbers of vessels sunk, the two largest transports and a frigate were sunk and serious damage inflicted on much of the rest of the convoy.
The group moved forward to Lingayan Field on Luzon on 30 January 1945. The next day the 822nd BS redressed its losses at Ormoc by attacking a three-destroyer convoy near Formosa, sinking the 1500-ton "Ume" and damaging the other two.
In the first week of February the group provided on-call close air support to US ground forces, directed by P-40 Warhawks of the 71st Reconnaissance Group acting as forward air controllers. On 2 February, it coordinated with SBD dive bombers of Marine Aircraft Group 24 in bombing Japanese positions defending Umingan against attacks by the U.S. 25th Division, then supported the 1st Cavalry Division as it moved into Manila. The mediums then began a campaign against industries and airfields on Formosa, and attacked shipping along the southeast China coast. Tactics evolved in which 36-aircraft formations bombed from medium altitudes, while low altitude strafing attacks featured four waves of B-25Js flying nine abreast, such as the attack on the Imperial Japanese Navy airfield at Taichū (台中), Formosa, on 2 March. The 2 March raid also illustrates the scope of medium bomber operations in the Western Pacific in 1945: two-group wing attacks, each with its own target, for a total force of 72 B-25s escorted by 24 P-51 Mustang fighters, with 2 PBY Catalinas on station for rescue operations. On 20 March, the group attacked a small convoy of warships escorting a large freighter near Amoy, China. Flying abreast in four attack waves totalling 22 Mitchells, each squadron lost a bomber in the brief but vicious combat, with two going down in the target area and two others crash-landing at Fourteenth Air Force fields on the Chinese mainland.
On 13 May, after evaluating two months of strikes against Formosan targets, group commander Lt. Col. Edwin H. Hawes conceived a sustained campaign to eradicate all Japanese sugar mill/ethanol refineries on Formosa. He formed specially-designated two-crew teams from each squadron, each team selecting and bombing a target every fourth day, to provide daily pressure on the industry. The group became known as the "Alcohol Busters".
On 21 June 1945 half of the air echelon of 38th BG (30 B-25s) was sent on short notice to Puerta Princesa Airfield, Palawan, where it was attached to the 42nd Bomb Group of the Thirteenth Air Force to form a nine-squadron wing. For the remainder of June it conducted preinvasion low altitude bombing of Japanese installations at Balikpapan, Borneo. Its first mission on 22 June consisted of 54 Mitchells flying 18 abreast in three waves, strafing and dropping air-fused napalm bombs. On the mission of 29 June, the group was forced to attack through the exploding bursts of bombs dropped by B-24 Liberators flying at much higher altitude, losing one B-25.
After its return to Lingayen, it conducted training missions until an advanced party flew to Okinawa on 14 July to prepare for the transfer of the group to Yontan Airfield. The ground echelon boarded LSTs on 26 July and moved to Subic Bay, where it remained until the end of the month. It reached Yontan by sea on 8 August. The air echelon flew to Yontan on 25 July and began attacks on industries, railways, and shipping in southern Japan and both coasts of Korea. Japanese home defenses proved effective and seven B-25s were lost in combat between 26 July and 10 August, with only one crew surviving.
On the morning of 9 August 1945, ten B-25Js led by Col. Hawes attacked the Japanese aircraft carrier "Kaiyo" (海鷹), beached in Beppu Bay on Kyushu. Flying three abreast at low level through a thick haze, six of the ten aircraft struck the carrier with five 1000-pound delayed-action demolition bombs. Hawes and his crew were killed when a wingtip of their bomber struck a tree, then the carrier itself, and crashed beside the ship after releasing its bombs. Hawes' Mitchell was the last lost by the group during World War II.
The 38th Bomb Group flew its final combat mission on 13 August 1945, searching for shipping off the east coast of Korea, and the next morning moved its 54 operational bombers back to Morotai to make room for units involved in the imminent occupation.
Post-war duties.
The 38th BG returned to Yontan from Morotai on 26 September, having lost three additional B-25s to accidents. On 1 October the group transferred out all aircraft with more than 600 hours of flight time, which reduced it to nine B-25s. Okinawa was struck by typhoons on 16 September and 9 October, the latter destroying all tents and structures in the 38th's camp at Yontan, but the bombers were saved by weighting down their wings with sandbags and using full engine power to keep them turned into the wind.
On 1 November the group was designated for movement to Kyushu, to be based at Itazuke Air base near Fukuoka as part of the Far East Air Forces occupation force. On 7 November the group divided into advance and rear echelons and began loading five LSTs for the movement. The convoy sailed on 13 November, offloading at Sasebo by 22 November (it was unable to unload at Fukuoka because the harbor had not been swept of naval mines). On 25 November the aircraft flew from Okinawa to Ashiya Air Base because Itazuke was not yet serviceable. Their crews were trucked 40 miles to Itazuke, followed two days later by the rear air echelon, which arrived in 18 C-47s. The 38th BG began rehabilitation of the base using groups of Japanese laborers.
The 38th BG returned more than 500 men to the United States for demobilization before the end of 1945. In January 1946, it received 16 A-26 Invader bombers at Ashiya for orientation and training, assigned to the 405th BS. A lack of engineering personnel in the group resulted in most of the aircraft being grounded until acceptance inspections could be performed. The group was reduced to three squadrons on 12 April 1946 as both the 822nd and 823rd BS were inactivated and the 89th Bomb Squadron at Itazuke was assigned to the group.
The group was redesignated as the 38th Bombardment Group (Light) in May 1946 and reassigned to the 315th Air Division. Operational surveillance missions began in April, with two A-26s lost in weather-related crashes in April and May. In September 1946 the group moved to Itami, Japan. The 405th BS was reduced to a paper squadron without aircraft or personnel, then relocated at Itazuke between 1 January and 1 May 1947 to be a basic military training unit, after which it returned to Itami as a non-flying labor unit until the establishment of the USAF. The 71st BS discontinued flight operations on 1 November 1946 and went into an unmanned status until 1 May 1947, when it received new personnel at Itami in preparation for resuming operations. The 89th BS became the sole operational squadron of the group between November 1946 and September 1947.
United States Air Force.
On 18 September 1947 the 38th Bomb Group became part of the independent United States Air Force. Both the 71st and 405th Squadrons were subsequently re-equipped with B-26C Invader and TB-25 Mitchell aircraft, resuming surveillance and training missions. Under the reorganization of the Air Force wing plan, it was made the combat component of the newly activated 38th Bombardment Wing (Light) on 18 August 1948. It assisted in the air defense of Japan and participated in tactical exercises from August 1948 – March 1949. The 38th Bombardment Group was inactivated in the Far East on 1 April 1949.
The group was reactivated on 1 January 1953 as the 38th Bombardment Group (Tactical), again a subordinate component of the 38th Bomb Wing, now part of United States Air Forces in Europe, and based at Laon-Couvron Air Base, France. The 71st, 405th and 822d Bomb Squadrons were reactivated as the group's flying components. The group absorbed the assets and personnel of the 126th Bomb Group, an Illinois Air National Guard unit that was inactivated and returned to state control.
The group flew the B-26 Invader until April 1955, when it converted to the B-57B Canberra tactical bomber. A total of forty-nine B-57B and eight 2-seat B-57C models for training were deployed to Laon. The 38th Bomb Group was the only tactical bombardment unit assigned to USAFE. The mission of the B-57B was all-weather interdiction using conventional weapons, but it was also nuclear weapons-capable and provided a nuclear deterrence. The Canberras at Laon were painted a gloss black. Using five B-57's, the 38th BG formed its own aerial demonstration team called the "Black Knights". They performed at air shows around Western Europe, including the 1957 Paris Air Show. The Black Knights were the only tactical bomber show team in the world.
In 1958, French President Charles de Gaulle announced that all NATO nuclear weapons and delivery aircraft had to be removed from French soil by July 1958. Since the parent wing was nuclear capable by NATO policy, it was ordered to depart France. The 38th BG was inactivated at Laon on 8 December 1957 and its three squadrons assigned directly to the wing while aircraft and personnel were transferred to other units. The wing then moved on 18 June 1958 to Hahn Air Base, Germany, where it was redesignated a tactical missile wing using the TM-61 Matador.

</doc>
<doc id="20151223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151223" title="William Henry Beierwaltes">
William Henry Beierwaltes

William Henry Beierwaltes (c. 1917 – August 14, 2005) was an American physician who was a pioneer in the use of nuclear medicine. Beierwaltes was an innovator in the use of iodine-131 and surgery in treating thyroid cancer, in establishing a university training program in nuclear medicine and in the use of radiolabeled antibodies to detect cancer.
Early years and education.
Beierwaltes grew up in Saginaw, Michigan. He spent the vast majority of his career at the University of Michigan, earning a bachelor's degree there in 1938, his medical degree in 1941 and completed his residency as an endocrinologist in 1945. He developed a lifelong focus on thyroid cancer after performing an autopsy in his third year of medical school on a patient who had died from the disease. One of his few times away from the University of Michigan was for an internship and residency at Cleveland City Hospital, where one of his assignments was a study of the use of an antithyroid drug in treatment of hyperthyroidism After joining the faculty of the University of Michigan Medical School in 1945, he started to become involved in the growing field of nuclear medicine.
Career and research.
Beierwaltes was one of five doctors present at the first course teaching doctors how to use radioactive iodine for medical purposes, which was offered by the Atomic Energy Commission at its facility in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. He spent his career seeking methods to identify and treat cancer using radioisotopes. Early in his career, he established a clinic in which radioactive iodine was used to help diagnose and detect tumors in patients with hyperthyroidism and thyroid cancer. He became an advocate for a therapy that combined radioiodine and surgery, which has been accepted by the medical profession as the standard regimen for diagnosis and treatment of thyroid conditions.
He was named in 1952 as head of the Clinical Radioisotope Service at the University of Michigan. Beierwaltes wrote "Clinical Use of Radioisotopes", published in 1957, which was one of the first books published in the field. When it was established in the early 1960s, Beierwaltes was promoted to chief of the Nuclear Medicine Division and helped form the nuclear medicine fellowship at the University of Michigan, one of the first such programs in the United States.
Results of a study Beierwaltes reported in 1950 showed that he was able to use x-rays to prevent blindness in eight of eleven patients with a form of the disease exophthalmos. The pituitary glands of these patients were believed to have been producing excessive amounts of thyroid-stimulating hormone which caused swelling in the eyesocket that could compress the optic nerve or ophthalmic artery leading to blindness. By x-raying the pituitary gland, the swelling was reduced. Three years after treatment, patients showed that the eyes receded an average of one-fifth of an inch and gained an average of 13 pounds.
Beierwaltes retired from the University of Michigan at age 70 and moved to Grosse Pointe, Michigan, where he continued work at the local St. John Hospital and at William Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak, Michigan. He "finally and unequivocally" retired from clinical work on August 31, 1994.
Legacy.
Beierwaltes developed the concept of combining radioactive iodine with the hormone-like Iobenguane, so that the radioactivity could be detected when the substance traveled to cells in the adrenal gland and related tissues. Beierwaltes is co-holder of the patent on Iobenguane, which he developed in the 1970s to allow for imaging of the adrenal gland.
He was awarded the Scientific Achievement Award, the highest honor given by the American Medical Association, for his contributions to the medical profession as a clinician, teacher, and investigator.
Personal life.
Beierwaltes died at age 88 on August 14, 2005 in his home in Petoskey, Michigan of natural causes.

</doc>
<doc id="20151226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151226" title="The Loving Kind">
The Loving Kind

"The Loving Kind" is a song performed by British girl group Girls Aloud, taken from their fifth studio album "Out of Control" (2008). The song was written by Pet Shop Boys, Miranda Cooper, Brian Higgins and his production team Xenomania, and produced by Higgins and Xenomania. Described as a "synth pop ballad", "The Loving Kind" was originally written for inclusion on Pet Shop Boys' "Yes" (2009) before being given to Girls Aloud. Upon its release in January 2009, "The Loving Kind" entered the UK Singles Chart at number ten, thereby continuing their six-year streak of top ten hits.
In the music video, the group portrays the "good" and "bad" Girls Aloud as they perform in mirrored boxes. "The Loving Kind" was promoted through numerous live appearances and was performed on 2009's Out of Control Tour. The song was largely praised by most contemporary music critics, although maligned by others for its similarities with "Call the Shots".
Background and composition.
"The Loving Kind" is a "synth pop ballad", in the same vein as much of the Pet Shop Boys' output. It has been described as an "elegantly sad account of a waning relationship." The song is written in D♭ major with a time signature in common time and a tempo of 128 beats per minute. The basic chord progression of the song is G♭, D♭, B♭m, Fm, and A♭. The song begins instantly with a synthesised introduction, followed by the first verse and refrain. There is an emotive bridge and a middle 8. The verse repeats, followed by the chorus, an instrumental section, and the chorus again. The radio mix differs slightly; the introduction is less abrupt and the song lasts six seconds longer.
Xenomania and Pet Shop Boys wrote the song in sessions for the latter's album "Yes". Both parties had previously agreed there would be just three co-written songs on the album, and having noticed Chris Lowe's "slight retinence" towards the song, Higgins suggested that Girls Aloud record "The Loving Kind". Pet Shop Boys member Neil Tennant said that they co-wrote the song while working with Xenomania, and described it as "beautiful but still dancey". It was the second song Girls Aloud recorded for "Out of Control". It was said that "the lyrics have the sadness and melancholy of a massive proper ballad but the production drags the song straight to the dancefloor and lends it an undeniable sense of optimism." Lowe said he was "absolutely over the moon" with the result.
Release.
The single was confirmed on 21 November 2008 via Girls Aloud's official website. The CD single includes a Girls Aloud megamix, released to celebrate Girls Aloud's twentieth single release. The megamix was created by Jewels & Stone, and features the intro and outro from the famous Stars on 45 medleys. There was also 7" picture disc made available, which included a previously unreleased B-side entitled "Memory of You", originally called "Japan". Remixes by Wideboys and Utah Saints were also commissioned.
B-side.
There was a mild controversy surrounding the fact that the single's B-side "Memory of You" was only available on the vinyl format and not in CD or digital quality. The song was originally called "Japan". Fans campaigned to get the song available in a high quality format, which even gained the attention of "The Sun". Tabloid paper "News of the World" wrongly identified the track as an "underground tune" that Kimberley Walsh and Nicola Roberts had recorded outside of Girls Aloud. Popjustice featured a 30-second clip of "Memory of You" as their Song of the Day prior to release. It was later included in high quality on an official Girls Aloud singles box set. Roberts recorded a solo version of the song and made it available via pre-order only with her third single, "Yo-Yo", from her debut album.
Reception.
Critical response.
The song received mostly positive reviews from contemporary music critics. Digital Spy gave the song five stars, saying it "weds hauntingly melancholy vocals [...] to a sense of dancefloor euphoria totally at odds with the teary-eyed lyrics" and was "nothing short of dazzling, meaning 'The Loving Kind' deserves a place [...] on the list of Girls Aloud's finest ever singles." They called it "the standout track" from "Out of Control" and "one of the most emotionally resonant songs of the group's career." Dorian Lynskey of "The Observer" agreed, calling it "best of all [...] It's bracing to hear Girls Aloud traffic in grown-up emotions". "The Loving Kind" has also been called "the best thing they've ever done." Nicola Roberts was praised for her vocals, which Slant Magazine felt "provide some of the album's most affecting moments."
However, "The Loving Kind" was criticised due to its similarities with 2007's "Call the Shots", with "NME" even calling the song as "a letdown sequel". BBC Music felt the song was "hugely disappointing." Popjustice said that although it isn't "amazing by Girls Aloud PLUS Xenomania PLUS Pet Shop Boys standards", it was still "really properly amazing." In a blog for BBC, Fraser McAlpine agreed that "it's easy to get caught up on the idea of this being some immense pop event," but it was still an "extremely well done piece of heartbroken pop."
At the 2009 Popjustice £20 Music Prize, Nicola Roberts expressed dislike for the song and even nominated it for the Twenty Quid Invoice Prize, presented to what judges deem to be the worst single of any given year.
Chart performance.
On 14 December 2008, "The Loving Kind" entered the UK Singles Chart at number 87 on downloads alone. The following week, it entered the top forty at number 38. In the run-up to the single's release, chart commentators began to speculate that the song could possibly become the first single by the group to miss the top 10. James Masterton wrote on his Yahoo! chart blog, "Their problem is the continuing chart performance of former number 1 hit 'The Promise'. [...] Good reviews do not chart placings make and "this song is too good to be a flop" is as much a myth as "team X are far too good to get relegated"." After its physical release, "The Loving Kind" still managed to peak at number ten, becoming Girls Aloud's twentieth consecutive top ten single. It fell to number 14 the following week, but spent eighteen weeks in the top 100. "The Loving Kind" entered the Irish Singles Chart at number 49, before rising to number 24 the following week. It peaked at number sixteen.
Music video.
The music video, directed by Trudy Bellinger, was premièred on 4Music at 7pm and was shown on Channel 4 at 11:05pm on 3 December 2008. The making of the video was aired on MTV Hits on 13 December 2008, with reruns on both MTV Hits and TMF.
In the video, "the girls appear to be duplicated as they perform against a backdrop of multiple mirrors." The boxes are either coloured black, red, or white. The girls portray the "good" Girls Aloud, who are the lovable kind, and their "bad" alter egos, who are not. The bad Girls Aloud throw wine and smash the glass that covers their boxes. Cheryl Cole cut herself when she smashed her hand through the glass and similarly Nadine Coyle injured herself when kicked her foot through the glass. Pop music blog PopJustice noted that "twenty singles in, Girls Aloud have made their best video yet."
Live performances.
Girls Aloud's first performance of the song occurred on their ITV1 variety show "The Girls Aloud Party". The group performed in matching black tutus, described as "mini prom dresses." They perform with slow, ballet-like motions and make their way to a catwalk. As Sarah Harding adlibs into the final chorus, pyrotechnics explode on both sides of the stage. On "The Paul O'Grady Show", they performed in pink and purple dresses. On "GMTV", they performed in the outfits from the music video. The performance received attention for Harding's "bum note".
On the group's 2009 Out of Control Tour, each girl is positioned in front of boxes with flashing lightbulbs, similar to those in the music video. Neon designs and scenes from the music video appear on the screens above the boxes. The ramps in front of them, used throughout the tour, also flash with neon lights. As the performance comes to a close, the lights all turn off.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "The Loving Kind".

</doc>
<doc id="20151229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151229" title="Cleveland, Painesville and Ashtabula Railroad">
Cleveland, Painesville and Ashtabula Railroad

Cleveland, Painesville and Ashtabula Railroad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20151232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151232" title="Krtina, Domžale">
Krtina, Domžale

Krtina () is a village in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The settlement used to be part of the Krumperk lordship. The local church is dedicated to Saint Leonard.

</doc>
<doc id="20151234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151234" title="Enrique Míguez">
Enrique Míguez

Enrique Míguez (born March 14, 1966) is a Spanish sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the C-2 500 m event at Los Angeles in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20151236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151236" title="Orlando Sánchez">
Orlando Sánchez

Orlando Sánchez Márquez (born September 7, 1956 in Canóvanas, Puerto Rico) is a former catcher in Major League Baseball. He played all or part of four seasons in the majors, from through , for the St. Louis Cardinals (1981–83), Kansas City Royals (1984) and Baltimore Orioles (1984). Listed at 6' 1", 195 lb., he batted left-handed and threw right-handed.
In a four-season career, Sánchez posted a .218 batting average (24-for-110) with 11 runs and 12 RBI in 73 games, including three doubles, two triples and one stolen base without home runs.
Following his playing career, Sánchez coached in the minor leagues and currently manages the Vaqueros Laguna of the Mexican League.
On August 29, 2009, he coached the Mexican League champion Saraperos, when the team defeated the Quintana Roo Tigres 14–1 in the sixth game of the championship series.

</doc>
<doc id="20151237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151237" title="Peter Guinness (diplomat)">
Peter Guinness (diplomat)

Peter Guinness was Consul General from New Zealand to East Timor from 2004 to 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20151240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151240" title="Agamudaya Mudaliar">
Agamudaya Mudaliar

Agamudaya Mudaliar is a social group from the Agamudayar caste in the Indian states of Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka.
Origin.
Agamudayar they belong to Mukkulathor (Kallar,Maravar,Agamudayar)They are basically From Royal Family 
Agamudayar (otherwise Akamudayar, Agamudayan) is a Tamil community found throughout the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. In southern Tamil Nadu,
Agamudayars have been using the title of Mudaliar since 13th century.The Aghamudiar identify themselves as Aghamudi Mudaliar. Aghamudi literally means a person who stood steadfast with pride. Mudaliar is one who is in the forefront. Mudaliar, Mudali and Reddy are their titles. Mudaliar also denotes a headman or the chief. The community has several synonyms, viz., Tuluva Vellala, Arcot Vellala, Arcot Mudali, Aghamudian, Agamudi Vellalar, Agamudi Reddy and Agamudi Mudaliar. They claim to be the original inhabitants of the Tulu country, on the western coast from where they migrated and settled in the ancient Pallava country. Thus the name ‘Tuluva Vellala’, which literally means the cultivator of the Tulu country. The names Arcot Vellala and Arcot Mudali are derived from the place, Arcot, located in the Tamil country, from where they migrated to their present habitat. Their ancestors are believed to have migrated to Chittoor District, during the reign of the Lingayat Rajas of Punganur some 200 years back. Some of them had served in the capacity of village munsiffs during the British period and post-Independence period and hence they style themselves as ‘Aghamudi Reddy’, since ‘Reddy’ is the title for the village munsiff in the Telugu country. It is also the title of the agricultural Kapu. The Aghamudian claim to be the descendants of one of the sons, born to Ahalya, wife of Gautama rishi and Indra.
 The detailed account of the origin and culture of the Aghamudiar is described in Thurston (1909). It is said that their ancestor stood before the sage Gautama, without any fear. Hence his descendants are known as ‘Aghamudiar’. They trace their historical past to the Pallava dynasty. Many of them have served in the armies of Vijanagar kings of the 15th Century and the Ballala Rajas. Till recent times, they served the Punganur rulers, in the army as well as in the palace. They are concentrated in the northern districts of Tamil Nadu and are also distributed in the Chittoor and Nellore districts of Andhra Pradesh. They speak Tamil language among themselves and Telugu with the natives. Some of them are conversant with Dakkani Urdu and Kannada also. They use Tamil and Telugu scripts. Telugu is the medium of instruction in schools. The educated people converse in English. Their dress pattern resembles that of the local people. Men wear a dhoti, shirt and headgear. Women wear blouse, sari and other modern dresses. Their women anoint vibhudhi (sacred ash) mark below the vermilion mark (kumkum bottu) on their forehead. The mukuthi (nose-stud) and grasshopper- shaped thali (marriage locket) worn by their women are the identification markers of the community.

</doc>
<doc id="20151241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151241" title="Váci Mihály Gimnázium">
Váci Mihály Gimnázium

Although the Váci Mihály Gimnázium is not the biggest school in the North Eastern region, it has always preserved its own traditions, teaching methods suitable for any of the students and remained a strong institution. The prior aim was to prepare the upgrowing generations for higher education. Statistics shows that the Váci Mihály Gimnázium belongs to the better schools when considering students leaving for universities and colleges. Those who had studied here make the intellectual part of the town. Pupils can be found not only in Hungary, but also abroad. For those who do not carry on studies, the school provides the essential knowledge to choose the most suitable profession.
History.
The forerunner of the Váci Mihály Gimnázium was founded between 1963 and 1970 in Tiszavasvári as „Kabay János” Általános iskola és Gimnázium. It contained a ground school and a high school to provide a persistent development of classes.<br>
With the help of the former chemical factory, "Alkaloida" and the agrarian Mezőgép vállalat", a program of 5+1 years long faculties in Chemical and electric reeling vocational training began in 1965-69.<br>
In 1970 the independent high school having its own administration moved to a new building as Gimnázium Tiszavasvári which means "High School of Tiszavasvári".<br>
Between 1972 and 1978, chemistry classes began in every grades for students from the shire. The school provided accommodation in the building for students living further. The dorm was built in 1973 at the end of the corridor leading to the gym.<br>
In 1974, the high school adopted the famous writer's name, Váci Mihály.<br>
A facultative training was introduced in 1978, which meant that students could choose either any of the theoretical subjects or a chemical test with a final examination added to the main education every year. This facultative system was dissolved in 1996 because of the inaugural of the modification educational act in 1993.<br>
With the modernization of the heating in 1986, gas furnaces were established. A year later, instead of the coal storage, volunteers built up the health club after introducing this gas heating. Within another year, in 1987 a tennis court.<br>
In 1992 an intensive English teaching commenced in an augmented number of lessons based on American connections and on the Teach Hungary program provided by the cooperation of the British Council and the Department of Community and Public Education.<br>
Since 1993, supporters enabled students take part in boating as a free time activity. Two rooms were transmitted, one as a language teaching classroom for 16 people and another with modern computers.<br>
The new education in 6 years began in 1994 based on the syllabus of the Krúdy Gyula Gimnázium. The first grade in this system began in the following year.<br>
Some years later, in 1997, enterprise studies was provided for the inquirers with the help of Applied economics.<br>
1998 was a significant year in this history, which was the appearance of German teaching besides the English department. The Sulinet program contributed to the developments in the computer equipment when the school had the first opportunity to connect to the internet.<br>
The high school has been concerned with teaching adults since the beginnings. In the very first years, the Technical College for Skilled Workers provided part-time education for graduation in 3 years. The nowadays' present high school education has been existing since 1996. Full-time education for 2 years for those who have a profession and are less than the age of 22, began in 1998.
Free time activities.
These include: an evening for the first year students; a school leavers' ball; carnivals; a students' day; amateur theatre and choir performances; handball, basketball, and football championships; skiing and boating tours; class trips for up to 3 days; trips abroad; a scientific week full of competitions and interesting lectures or chemical evenings

</doc>
<doc id="20151249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151249" title="Thuluva Vellalar">
Thuluva Vellalar

Thuluva Vellalar or "Tuluva Vellala" is a Tamil caste from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, Andhra and Karnataka. Their original presence is significant in the Northern districts of Tamil Nadu and Southern districts of Andhra Pradesh. In general Tuluva Vellalas address themselves as Thondaimandala Tuluva Vellalas (TTV)

</doc>
<doc id="20151261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151261" title="Peter Guinness (writer)">
Peter Guinness (writer)

Peter Guinness is a British television writer. His credits include "The Relief of Belsen" (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="20151263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151263" title="Narcisco Suárez">
Narcisco Suárez

Narcisco Suárez Amador (born July 18, 1960 in Valladolid) is a Spanish sprint canoer who competed from the early 1980s to the early 1990s. Competing in four Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the C-2 500 m event at Los Angeles in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20151270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151270" title="Hagelsdorf">
Hagelsdorf

Hagelsdorf is a small village in Luxembourg. It has a population of 25 people and is located near Grevenmacher.

</doc>
<doc id="20151283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151283" title="Ihan">
Ihan

Ihan (; ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The settlement used to be part of the Krumperk lordship. Today it is known for its pig farm, which is the largest in Slovenia.
Name.
Ihan was attested in written records in 1228 as "Uichan" (and as "Iouchan" in 1296, "Jowchan" in 1330, "Jawchan" in 1347, and "Yawch" in 1458). The Slovene name was originally "*Juhan", as indicated by the German transcriptions. The toponym is likely derived from a Slavic personal name such as "*Vojuxanъ" and unrelated to the German name "Johann". In the 19th century the German name was "Jauchen".
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Ihan include:

</doc>
<doc id="20151284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151284" title="Benjamin Fain">
Benjamin Fain

Benjamin Fain (, ) (February 17, 1930 – April 15, 2013) was a known physicist, professor-emeritus, and former refusenik. 
Biography.
Fain was born to a Jewish family in Kiev. His father was a mathematician. He instilled in the child a love for science as well as a strong national sentiment.
Benjamin Fain was named after his grandfather, who was murdered in the Proskurov pogrom. During the Second World War the family was evacuated and changed location several times. After the end of the war the family stayed in Dushanbe, where Fain graduated from school. He became a student in the Moscow Institute of Energetics. During his first year in Moscow he visited synagogue and attempted to learn the Hebrew and Yiddish languages. Fain was strongly impressed by the historical visit of the first Israeli ambassador to USSR, Golda Meir. Fain managed to transfer in 1950 to the Faculty of physics in Gorky University. He graduated there summa cum laude. His instructor was future Nobel prize winner Vitaly Ginzburg.
Academic Career.
Fain successfully started his scientific career, and already in 1965 became a professor in his alma mater. He wrote several scientific books translated into English and German. In 1966 he moved to Moscow and started successful work in the Institute of Solid State Physics in Chernogolovka. 
Starting from 1972 Fain gradually started to participate in a Zionist movement. He took part in refusenik scientific seminar, and also in Samizdat. He applied for exit visa to Israel in 1974 and became a refusenik. He also became unemployed after dismissal from his work on political grounds. 
Sociological research of Soviet Jewry.
In 1976 Fain initiated a sociological research on Soviet Jewry. An attempt to organize an international symposium on the subject was foiled by the KGB, which closely watched all his steps from then on. At the same period Fain gradually started practicing Judaism. After several arrests, searches, interrogations and a hunger strike Fain finally arrived in Israel in 1977.
Fain published his study on Jewish identity of Soviet Jews with the American sociologist Mervin Verbit. Fain and Verbit published their findings in 1984 through the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs.
In Israel.
He continued to struggle to improve the life of Soviet Jews and also continued his scientific work in Tel Aviv University in the fields of quantum electronics, lasers and condensed matter.
Starting from 1998 his field of interest moved to the philosophy of science and Judaism and the interrelation between them. After retirement Fain wrote his first philosophic book in Hebrew: "Creation Ex Nihilo", where he analyzes the relationship between religion and science. It was published in Hebrew as well as in English and Russian translations. The Russian version of the book also has an autobiographic part to it.
In 2008 Fain completed another book in Hebrew: "Law and Providence". It was published in 2011 in English by Urim Publications. In January 2011 Fain's third book was published by .
Children.
Fain is the father of two sons and one daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20151291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151291" title="Magazines.com">
Magazines.com

Magazines.com LLC is a privately held American e-commerce company based in Franklin, TN, a suburb of Nashville, Tennessee. Magazines.com retains authorizations to sell magazine subscriptions by publishers. Time Inc. is a major investor. Magazines.com has more than 7,000 magazine titles including free business to business magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="20151298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151298" title="Survival of the Shawangunks">
Survival of the Shawangunks

The Survival of the Shawangunks is a triathlon held in the town of New Paltz, New York. It is unusual in that it has seven transitions among the three racing modalities, compared to the two that are typical for the sport (switching from swimming to bicycling, and then from bicycling to running). Self-sufficiency in this race that culminates with a thousand-foot climb to the finish line is celebrated; participants must carry their running shoes as they swim and may only have a single person assist them during the competition.
History.
The SOS was founded in 1983 by Don Davis as a way to train for the Ironman Triathlon. The best overall time for the event was 4:10:43 by Erik Grimm in 1993; Jan Wanklyn holds the record for best female finish with her time of 4:44:49 in 2000.
94 participants completed the course in 1998, the earliest year for which results are available. The race was capped at 150 participants until 2007, at which point the field was expanded to 170. In 2007 and 2008, 149 competitors crossed the finish line; among them were triathletes from throughout North America, including Quebec, California, and Florida.
The race was originally run unofficially by Davis and two others in secrecy, as they had not obtained permission from private landowners for the competition, but the following year's competition was open to other triathletes, all of whom must have completed a half-ironman triathlon in the previous 18 months, or in the prior year's SOS, within certain time restrictions in order to be eligible.
Course.
The race is 50.5 miles long, beginning at the Ulster County Fairgrounds. Participants begin by bicycling thirty miles. This is followed by a total of seven transitions, more than is found in other competitions of this sort: a 4.2 mile run to Lake Awosting, 1.1 mile swim across the lake, a 5.5 mile run to Lake Minnewaska, a 0.5 mile swim along that lake's eastern shore, an 8 mile run to Lake Mohonk, a 0.5 mile swim along the east shore of Mohonk Lake, and a 0.7-mile uphill run to the Skytop Tower on Shawangunk Ridge. The course gains and loses several thousands of feet of altitude and provides a number of stunning views for participants, and the finish line is visible from a number of points along the course.
In 2002, weather conditions necessitated a modified course of 30 miles bicycling, a 19-mile run, a half-mile swim in Lake Mohonk, and a final 0.7-mile run up Skytop, a total of 50.2 miles.
The number of transitions between swimming and running necessitate competitors bringing their running gear with them as they swim and their goggles as they run. Athletes tuck them into their swimming gear, carry them in a plastic bag, or pull them on small rafts. Self-sufficiency is a theme for the competition, and to that end, participants are only permitted one assistant.

</doc>
<doc id="20151305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151305" title="Brezovica pri Dobu">
Brezovica pri Dobu

Brezovica pri Dobu () is a settlement in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Spodnja Brezovica () and Zgornja Brezovica ().
History.
The settlement is a former part of the Krumperk lordship.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Brezovica" to "Brezovica pri Dobu" in 1953. In the 19th century the German name was "Bresowitz".

</doc>
<doc id="20151312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151312" title="Indé">
Indé

Indé is the municipal seat of the municipality of Indé in the Mexican state of Durango.

</doc>
<doc id="20151317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151317" title="Kampung Sungai Haji Dorani">
Kampung Sungai Haji Dorani

Kampung Sungai Haji Dorani is a small village in Sabak Bernam, Selangor, Malaysia. It is located at Sungai Besar. 

</doc>
<doc id="20151318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151318" title="Hannfried Lucke">
Hannfried Lucke

Hannfried Lucke (born 1964) is a German organist and improviser. He is a member of the organ faculty at Mozarteum University, Salzburg.
Biography.
Hannfried Lucke grew up in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany, and received his musical training at Hochschule für Musik Freiburg, the Salzburg Mozarteum, and Geneva Conservatory. 
He earned the highest degree in church music (the "A examination") and also took a performance degree on the organ. 
From 1989 to 1991 he was a scholarship student of the German Academic Exchange Service. His awards include the Prize from the Austrian Ministry of Culture (1991) and the premier prix from Geneva Conservatory (1993). 
His concert tours and broadcast recordings have taken him to the United States, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, Australia, and most countries of Europe. 
Many of his numerous recordings have been awarded prizes.
In 1997 he became a professor at the University of Music and the Performing Arts in Graz, and in 2000 he was appointed professor of organ at the Mozarteum University in Salzburg.
Hannfried Lucke teaches master classes in Europe and the USA and is a jury member in organ competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20151323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151323" title="Philomycus virginicus">
Philomycus virginicus

Philomycus virginicus, common name the Virginia philomycus, is a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Philomycidae.
Anatomy.
These slugs create and use love darts as part of their mating behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="20151326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151326" title="Andrew Nicholls and Darrell Vickers">
Andrew Nicholls and Darrell Vickers

Andrew Nicholls (born July 14, 1957, in Croxley Green, England) and Darrell Vickers (born July 17, 1957, in Meadow Cottage, England) are a prolific Hollywood writing team. Though both their families moved independently from England to the same town in Canada, Nicholls and Vickers didn't meet until junior high in 1969, where they began collaborating almost immediately. The writing duo moved to Los Angeles in 1983 to continue their careers, and are members of WGA, WGC, SOCAN, ACCT, and ATAS.
Career.
Nicholls and Vickers began writing music and comedy together while at Ridgeway Junior High School (now École élémentaire Antonine Maillet or Antonine-Maillet Elementary School) in Oshawa, Canada. After high school they wrote for stage, radio, TV, syndicated cartoonists and stand-up comedians.
From 1979 to 1982 they performed in Southern Ontario as Nobby Clegg And The Civilians, after having received airplay at Brampton alternative station CFNY-FM with home-recorded songs. The band found some success with the singles "Essay, My Dad" and "I Wanna Be in Commercials," which were also included in the 1981 compilation "Toronto Calling". Nicholls and Vickers later used the band’s name for a character on the Showtime show "Rude Awakening (TV series)". In that series, the Nobby Clegg character was played by Roger Daltrey, best known as the lead singer of The Who.
From 1986 to 1992 they helped write 770 hours of produced material for "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson", earning 4 Emmy nominations, and were the show’s head writers from December, 1989, until Carson’s retirement on May 22, 1992.
In 1997, the pair received a Genie nomination, Best Animated Series, for "Ned's Newt" (Nelvana). They also received a WGC nomination for the series in 1999. The show was notably voiced by Harland Williams.
In 2001, the two received a Gemini nomination for "Best Comedy Series" for their work developing, writing the pilot, and serving as Story Editors on "John Callahan's Quads!".
The duo were nominated for a Pulcinella Award, Best Animated Episode, at the 2003 Cartoons On The Bay Festival in Positano, Italy, for both "" and "The World of Tosh".
In 2008, the pair were awarded a Gemini Award, Best Pre-School Series, for the animated series Will & Dewitt—having written the series bible, 28 episodes, and serving as Story Editors.
Vickers is currently part of a new music band called "Death of the Author Brigade"—which was formed through and continues to create songs via the internet (meaning that none of the band members have actually met in person).
As a writing team, Vickers and Nicholls have over 1200 hours of produced television credits. They have also written, developed and produced 35 television pilot scripts (as of 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="20151327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151327" title="Studenec pri Krtini">
Studenec pri Krtini

Studenec pri Krtini () is a settlement in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Studenec" to "Studenec pri Krtini" in 1953. In the 19th century the German name was "Studenz".
History.
The settlement used to be part of the Dominion of Krumperk.

</doc>
<doc id="20151332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151332" title="Huron Valley-Sinai Hospital">
Huron Valley-Sinai Hospital

DMC Huron Valley-Sinai Hospital, in Commerce Township, Michigan, is one of the eight hospitals/institutes composing the Detroit Medical Center. Huron-Valley-Sinai contains the Harris Birthing Center, a regional specialty center, the Charach Cancer Treatment Center, (affiliated with the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Center), the Krieger Center for Senior Adults, surgical suites, cardiac services, and comprehensive inpatient and outpatient diagnostic care.
Clinical Services.
Huron Valley-Sinai Hospital offers the following clinical services:
- Cardiac Services
- Emergency Medicine
- Endoscopy
- Imaging
- Obstetrics/Gynecology (Harris Birthing Center)
- Oncology (Charach Cancer Treatment Center)
- Orthopedics
- Pediatrics
- Rehabilitation Services
- Senior Services
- Surgical Services
- Women’s Health (The Sinai Center for Women)
Accreditation.
Huron Valley-Sinai Hospital received the Distinguished Hospital for Clinical Excellence Award (2008) from HealthGrades.
Huron Valley is fully accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO). The Joint Commission assesses the quality of care and safety for more than 15,000 health care organizations. The Joint Commission conducts an extensive on-site review at least once every three years whose purpose is to evaluate the organization's performance in areas that affect patient care.

</doc>
<doc id="20151345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151345" title="Brian David Ellis">
Brian David Ellis

Brian Ellis (born 1929) is an Emeritus Professor in the philosophy department at La Trobe University in Victoria, Australia. He is one of the major proponents of the New Essentialist school of philosophy of science (philosophy of nature).
In "The Philosophy of Nature: A Guide to the New Essentialism", he groups a number of philosophers into his camp:
However, this list of claimed allies has been disputed by Stephen Mumford, at least with regard to "Shoemaker, Martin, Molnar, Heil and Cartwright."

</doc>
<doc id="20151357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151357" title="Lagidze water">
Lagidze water

Lagidze water () is a popular Georgian soft drink based on soda and a variety of natural syrups. It has been traditionally mixed in the glass in a soda fountain, but it is also available as a bottled soft drink in a range of flavors. Some American food writers liken it to egg cream, but the authentic Georgian drink includes neither milk nor chocolate syrup.
Lagidze water is named after Mitrofan Lagidze, a pharmacist’s apprentice in Kutaisi, Georgia, who in 1887 explored the idea of using natural syrups instead of imported flavored essences in making lemonades. In 1900, the Lagidze Brothers plant in Kutaisi began blending unique proprietary flavors from herbs and fruits. Today, Lagidze waters are produced in a wide range of natural flavors, including quince ("aiva"), pear, citrus fruit, cherry, tarragon, and others. Lagidze waters are distributed in Russia, Ukraine, the three Baltic states, Poland, and Armenia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20151362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151362" title="Colm Gilcreest">
Colm Gilcreest

Colm Gilcreest is a former professional snooker player from Kilmainhamwood, County Meath, Ireland.
Career history.
He is a former Irish champion. In the 2000 World Snooker Championship Gilcreest won six games against Philip Seaton, Simon Bedford, Robin Hull, Karl Burrows, Jimmy Michie and Stefan Mazrocis to reach the final qualifying round, losing 10-6 to Billy Snaddon. 
He recently reached the final of the 2008 World Amateur Snooker Championship in Wels, Austria where he lost to Thepchaiya Un-Nooh.
Other Sport.
Colm Gilcreest also plays gaelic football with Kilmainhamwood GFC. He plays in the right corner forward position and is number 13.

</doc>
<doc id="20151381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151381" title="Nissim Behar">
Nissim Behar

Nissim Behar (1848–1931) was a Sephardi Jewish educator, born in Jerusalem, and long associated with the Alliance Israélite Universelle, both there and in the Diaspora. After receiving his pension, he became a propagandist, in 1899. for the Alliance, and later for early Zionism.
Nissim Behar can be seen as the founder of modern Hebrew Language education, largely because Eliezer Ben Yehuda taught Hebrew using the new Direct Method. Behar himself learned Hebrew from Ben Yehuda, the 'Father of Spoken Renovated Hebrew' and he later became a teacher of modern Hebrew at the Alliance Israélite Universelle in Jerusalem, which he directed from 1882 to 1887. Behar was a strong advocate of the Direct Method which prevailed in the further development of Hebrew Language Education in the framework of the "Ulpan", that led to the success of Hebrew Revival.
In 1901, Behar moved to New York City, where he directed the National Liberal Immigration League (1906 to 1924), to lobby against anti-immigration legislation in the United States. The League was a constant irritation for Louis Marshall of the American Jewish Committee, because it made no effort to hide its Jewish identity in its high-profile activities against restricting immigration. Marshall and the AJC, while similarly opposed to restrictions, felt any public Jewish role would undermine their lobbying campaign and provoke anti-Semitism; the AJC refrained from such public activities on the issue, and Marshall's work was usually confined to behind-the-scenes contacts with individual members of Congress. Behar was an enthusiastic propagandist for the Zionist idea; he called for the return of the "Kotel Hamaaravi", the Wailing Wall to Jewish hands.

</doc>
<doc id="20151382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151382" title="José Cilley">
José Cilley

José Luis Cilley (born 28 December 1972) is an Argentine former rugby union footballer. He played as a fly-half with the San Isidro Club.
He had 15 caps for Argentina, from 1994 to 2002, scoring 2 tries, 31 conversions and 22 penalties, in an aggregate of 138 points. He was a member of Argentina squad at the 1995 Rugby World Cup finals, playing in two games and scoring a try, two conversions and two penalties, 16 points in aggregrate, and at the 1999 Rugby World Cup finals, but this last time, he didn't play.

</doc>
<doc id="20151384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151384" title="Caroline Amalie of Augustenburg">
Caroline Amalie of Augustenburg

Caroline Amalie of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg (28 June 1796 – 9 March 1881) was queen consort of Denmark as the second spouse of King Christian VIII between 1839 and 1848.
Life.
Caroline Amalie was the daughter of Frederick Christian II, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg, and Princess Louise Auguste of Denmark, the only daughter of Christian VII and his British wife, Queen Caroline Matilde. She was born in Copenhagen and lived there until 1807, when she moved with her family to Augustenborg. 
In 1814 she was promised in marriage to the heir apparent to the Danish throne, the future Christian VIII, and were married in 1815. Christian had divorced his first spouse Charlotte Fredericka of Mecklenburg-Schwerin in 1810 on grounds of adultery, and had just returned to Denmark after his abdication of the Norwegian throne. This meant that Christian could devote himself to the sciences, mineralogy and geology in particular. While Christian became celebrated as a man with scientific tendencies, Caroline Amalie was a composer who wrote numerous piano pieces. Her acceptance of her spouse's infidelity was regarded as something suitable and appropriate for a woman of the time.
Between 1816 and 1817, the couple lived in Odense, where Christian served as Governor of Fionia. Between 1818 and 1822, she undertook numerous trips through Europe with her husband. 
In 1839, when King Frederick VI died, Caroline Amalie, as the wife of Christian VIII, became Queen of Denmark. She was considered instrumental in the pro-German party on the matter of the duchies of Schleswig-Holstein. The extent of her political influence is unclear, but she was exposed to some hostility during the conflict between Denmark and Holstein and accused of conspiring with her brothers against Denmark. 
Caroline Amalie was active in many social and humanitarian projects, especially the founding and support of orphanages. Caroline Amalie also acted as the protector of N. F. S. Grundtvig, the leader of an ecclesiastic Danish party. Except for the suspicions directed toward her during the conflict between Holstein and Denmark, she was quite popular, and continued to be so as queen dowager. 
Caroline Amalie became a widow in 1848 and survived her spouse for more than thirty years. She also outlived her stepson by seventeen years. Hence she lived to see Christian IX become king with her niece Louise of Hesse-Kassel as queen. 
She died in 1881 without issue and was buried at Roskilde Cathedral next to her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="20151392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151392" title="Wálter Elizondo">
Wálter Elizondo

Club career.
Born in El Carmen, Cartago, Elizondo played as a central defender for Deportivo Saprissa for most of his career. Between 1964 and 1969, Elizondo won five championships with Saprissa, two championships with LD Alajuelense, and one with C.S. Herediano. He also played for Orión and C.S. Cartaginés. Elizondo was named one of the top 100 Costa Rican footballers of all-time in 2009.
After retiring from a playing career in 1978, Elizondo went on to manage Cartaginés and Saprissa.
International career.
Elizondo appeared in 43 matches and scored 5 goals for the full Costa Rica national football team from 1963 to 1975.
Personal.
Elizondo's father, Guillermo Elizondo Gómez, was also a Costa Rican international footballer.
Elizondo suffered a stroke during March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20151414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151414" title="Ambar Datta">
Ambar Datta

Ambar Datta (born 6 March 1938) was an Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler who played for Bengal. He was born in Calcutta.
Datta made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1962-63 season, against Orissa. In the only innings in which he batted, he scored an unbeaten half-century, along with batting partner Prakash Pottar.
Datta bowled four overs during the match, conceding 31 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20151415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151415" title="Dilip Ghose">
Dilip Ghose

Dilip Ghose (born 5 December 1932) was an Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Bengal. He was born in Calcutta.
Ghose made a single first-class appearance for the team, in the 1950/51 Ranji Trophy tournament, against Bihar. Batting in the upper order, he scored 4 runs in the first innings in which he batted, and a single run in the second. He bowled four overs during the match, without claiming a wicket.

</doc>
<doc id="20151416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151416" title="1st Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment">
1st Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment

1st (County Antrim) Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment (1 UDR) was formed in 1970 as part of the 7 original battalions specified in The Ulster Defence Regiment Act 1969, which received Royal Assent on 18 December 1969 and was brought into force on 1 January 1970. It was amalgamated with the 9th Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment in 1991 to form the 1st/9th Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment.
History.
Along with the other 6 original battalions, 1 UDR commenced operational duties on 1 April 1970.
The first training major (TISO) was Major G.D. Issac Royal Regiment of Wales who established battalion headquarters at the Depot Royal Irish Rangers, Ballymena. Where possible accommodation was sought in army bases although the old Ulster Special Constabulary platoon huts were vacant and available. To have used those would have attracted criticism from those who were already claiming that the UDR was the B Specials under a new name.
One of the first major interventions by the battalion was to, along with elements of the 3rd Battalion, provide support for 7 UDR in implementing the deployment of 31 vehicle checkpoints on all main roads leading into Belfast to prevent the movements of munitions into the city centre. This was mainly done at weekends so that the part-time soldiers could be used day and night.
The battalion responded to a general call-out in August 1971 to support regular troops during the first internment sweep of The Troubles. In total the entire regiment managed to provide 3,100 men during the call-out.
In 1974 during the Ulster Workers' Council strike the battalion, along with the rest of the regiment was placed on general call-out. Forty drivers from 1 UDR, 9 UDR and 10 UDR were drafted into Belfast to assist the Royal Corps of Transport. Over 9 days they logged up 15,000 miles in the process of delivering rations and supplies to military units throughout Northern Ireland as well as meeting troop reinforcements arriving at Belfast docks and transporting them to their temporary camps.
Early operations.
The experience of 1 UDR was the same as that of all battalions of the regiment in the early days. Because of equipment shortages patrols had to be carried out in private cars or in vehicles borrowed from other army units. Instead of torches, patrols carried Hurricane Lamps which had to be lit by hand. These were eventually replaced by the Bardic torches carried by the regular army.
The 9th (Country Antrim) Battalion was formed on 15 December 1971 from the companies of 1 UDR who were based in the southern half of Country Antrim.
Intelligence.
Intelligence gathering within 1 UDR was good. The local community responded well and in particular Catholics were keen to warn individual soldiers of threats to their lives or to phone information through to the barracks advising of potential "happenings" in the battalion area.
Structure.
Company dispositions: BHQ HQ Coy & A Coy - Ballymena; B Coy – Ballymoney; C Coy – Antrim; D Coy – Lisburn; E Coy – Larne
B Company.
B Company was formed in March 1970 in the former North Irish Horse barracks at John Street, Ballymoney. The first Officer Commanding (OC) was Major John Munnis, formerly the sub-district commander of the Ulster Special Constabulary (USC). Major Munnis was killed in a traffic accident in 1972. The Company sergeant major was WO2 Willy Mooney who had been a sergeant instructor with the same USC unit.
Soldiers in B Company were mostly drawn from the towns and villages of North Antrim such as: Ballymoney, Ballycastle, Bushmills and Dervock. There was a high number of recruits who had been USC men (B Specials) who joined from these areas too, as well as from the village of Stranocum, although incidences of men joining in other groups such as from the same work force or as neighbours were few.
Entire families joined together and this created problems in dividing them up on patrol. There was a fear that two or more members of the same family could be killed or wounded if they were together in the same vehicle which was under attack.
In late 1970 a new company was raised in Coleraine as part of 5 UDR and forty experienced soldiers from B Company volunteered to transfer.
Because the company base contained the only secure armoury in the area soldiers from Coleraine, Portrush and Portstewart were also based in nearby Henry Street, Ballymoney.
In 1983 B Company was transferred to the command of 5 UDR and renamed G Coy, 5 UDR, but remained in the John Street base. The base finally closed in 1992 after further restructuring in 5 UDR.
Greenfinches.
See: Women's UDR
Casualties.
1 UDR was unique in the regiment being the only battalion which suffered no casualties as a result of enemy action.

</doc>
<doc id="20151425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151425" title="Alfred Croom">
Alfred Croom

Alfred John William Croom (23 May 1896 – 16 August 1947) was an English cricketer. He was a right-hand opening batsman and right-arm off-spin bowler who played for Warwickshire.
Born in Reading, Berkshire, Croom began his cricketing career with Berkshire in 1914. Following the First World War he played three more seasons of minor counties cricket before joining Warwickshire. After single appearances in 1922 and 1923 he became a regular by the late 1920s. 
Between 1922 and 1939 Croom played a total of 394 first-class matches for Warwickshire, he also represented an England XI, Sir Lindsay Parkinson's XI and appeared twice for the Players against the Gentlemen.
Croom scored a total of 17,692 first-class runs at an average of 31.42, passing 1,000 runs in a season for twelve consecutive years between 1928 and 1939. His most productive season came in 1931 when he scored 1,584 runs at 38.63, including six centuries. Described by "Wisden" as sound and stylish, Croom scored 24 first-class centuries, the highest of which was an innings of 211 against Worcestershire at Edgbaston in 1934, sharing in a first-wicket stand of 272 with Norman Kilner.
Croom's off-spin bowling took 138 wickets at an average of 44.00, twice taking five wickets or more in an innings. His best figures were 6/65 against Glamorgan at Swansea in 1930. It was a good match for Croom as he scored 96 and took three further wickets.
Croom held the Warwickshire partnership records for the 8th and 9th wicket, both set during the 1925 season. In May he scored 51 not out, batting at number 10, to share in a 154 run stand with George Stephens and in July he scored his maiden century as he shared in a 228 run partnership with Bob Wyatt which helped recover the Warwickshire innings from 77/7. The ninth wicket partnership with Stephens was surpassed in 2009 by Jonathan Trott and Jeetan Patel.
Croom's son, Leslie, played four matches for Warwickshire in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20151450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151450" title="2nd Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment">
2nd Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment

2nd (County Armagh) Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment (2 UDR) was formed in 1970 as part of the 7 original battalions specified in The Ulster Defence Regiment Act 1969, which received Royal Assent on 18 December 1969 and was brought into force on 1 January 1970. It was, along with the rest of the regiment, amalgamated with the Royal Irish Rangers in 1992 to form the Royal Irish Regiment.
was amalgamated in 1991 with the 11th Battalion Ulster Defence Regiment to form the 2nd/11th Battalion Ulster Defence Regiment.
History.
Along with the other 6 original battalions, 2 UDR commenced operational duties on 1 April 1970.
Headquarters was originally in the ancient Gough Barracks in Armagh City, formerly home to the Depot, Royal Irish Fusiliers, but was later moved to purpose built accommodation on a new site on the Hamiltonsbawn Road called Drummadd Barracks which was shared with the regular army and also later served as an HQ for 3 Infantry Brigade. At various times the battalion had companies in Armagh,Loughgall, Glenanne, and Lurgan, plus platoons in Keady and Newtownhamilton.
Lieutenant Colonel Michael Torrens-Spence previously County Commandant for County Armagh of the Ulster Special Constabulary (B Specials) was the first Commanding Officer and served from 1970 to 1972.
Major P.R. Adair, Coldstream Guards, was the first training major (TISO). Part of his job was to find accommodation for the new companies of the battalion. Where possible accommodation was sought in army bases although the old Ulster Special Constabulary platoon huts were vacant and available. To have used those would have attracted criticism from those who were already claiming that the UDR was the B Specials under a new name.
Due to its location and patrol territory in the "bandit country" of South Armagh. This was one of the most heavily engaged battalions of the Ulster Defence Regiment and had the longest list of casualties. The battalion was always under strength as a result so the decision was taken in 1982, when the permanent cadre had dropped to 184, to transfer an entire platoon from 9 UDR (who were patrolling one of the quietest areas in the province) into the 2nd battalion. This wasn't as straight forward as transferring soldiers from regular units as UDR soldiers lived at home and their barracks had very limited accommodation but it was effected successfully.
2 UDR was responsible for 650 square kilometers of County Armagh, the smallest UDR battalion area but probably the most violent area during The Troubles.
The battalion provided the station guard for the RUC barracks at Bessbrook. On one occasion when a Proxy bomb arrived at the barracks they had to clear the area and carry several children to safety before the 30 lb device exploded.
Appointment of NCOs.
The appointment of Non-commissioned officers (NCOs) was carried out by the men themselves, choosing who they felt would make the best corporals and sergeants etc. The filling of senior NCO posts in this manner did have a drawback in that many men of comparatively young ages who had considerable years of service before retirement or promotion created a "promotion block" 
Intimidation.
Protestant and Catholic soldiers were both intimidated out of the regiment. Following the introduction of internment however more Catholic soldiers found themselves the subject of intimidation from within their own community. A corporal from 2 UDR was threatened that his mother would be burnt out if he didn't leave the regiment.
Uniform, armament & equipment.
See: Ulster Defence Regiment Uniform, armament & equipment
Greenfinches.
The first Greenfinch (female soldier) was enlisted at the battalion's Headquarters (HQ) in Armagh on 16 September 1973. By 1991 she had risen to the rank of Warrant Officer.
Destruction of Glenanne Barracks.
See also: Glenanne barracks bombing & Ulster Defence Regiment
Two companies of the 2nd Battalion were based at the border outpost of Glenanne Barracks which had been built in 1972. Prior to the attack seven had already been killed whilst serving.
At 11:30 PM on the 31 May 1991 a truck loaded with 2,000 lb (1,100 kg) of a new type of home made explosive was rolled (driverless) down a hill at the rear of the barracks and crashed through the perimeter fence, coming to rest against a corner of the main building. According to a witness, in addition to the truck there was a Toyota Hiace van carrying at least two men acting as a support vehicle. They were seen outside the parked van, masked and armed; one with a handgun, the other with a submachine gun. Automatic fire was heard by other witnesses just before the main blast. It was later determined that the lorry had been stolen the day before in Kingscourt, in the Republic of Ireland.
The bomb crater was 200 ft deep; the blast threw debris and shrapnel as far as 300 yards. The explosion was heard over 30 miles away in Dundalk. It was the largest bomb detonated by the IRA until that point in time. Most of the base was destroyed by the blast and the fire that followed. There was also substantial damage to local dwelling houses and other buildings.
The barracks guard was usually eight soldiers, but that night there were 40 people in the barracks, attending a social event. Three soldiers: Lance Corporal Robert Crozier age 46, Private Sydney Hamilton age 44 and Private Paul Blakely age 30, died of horrific injuries and ten were wounded. Four civilians were also wounded.
The Provisional IRA claimed responsibility two days later.
The base was never rebuilt. All that remains is a line of trees marking where the main gate stood and a memorial by the main road inscribed with the names of all the UDR soldiers from the base who were killed whilst serving there.
Casualties.
2 UDR had the highest casualty rate of all the UDR battalions losing 65 men and women on active duty.
The first recorded use of the Provisional Irish Republican Army's Mk12 device fired horizontally was against a mobile patrol from 2 UDR on 1 March 1991. Two soldiers died as a result of the attack. The funeral of one, Private Paul Sutcliffe, an Englishman, was held in Barrowford, Lancashire - the only UDR funeral to be held outside Northern Ireland. The second casualty, Private Roger Love, from Portadown, died after three days. His kidneys were donated to the NHS.
Amalgamation.
The numbers in the battalion fell so low that it was decided, under the "Project Infancy" Options for Change recommendations, to amalgamate it with the 11th (Craigavon) Battalion. This took place on 30 September 1991, forming 2nd/11th (County Armagh) Battalion, based at Mahon Road Barracks, Portadown but retaining companies in Drumadd Barracks, Armagh.

</doc>
<doc id="20151451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151451" title="Chipping Warden">
Chipping Warden

Chipping Warden is a village in Northamptonshire, England about northeast of the Oxfordshire town of Banbury. The parish is bounded to the east and south by the River Cherwell, to the west by the boundary with Oxfordshire and to the north by field boundaries.
The 2001 Census recorded a parish population of 529 in 234 households.
Archaeology.
Just south of Chipping Warden village is Arbury Banks, the remains of an Iron Age hill fort. It is about in diameter and has been heavily damaged by centuries of ploughing.
At Blackgrounds about east of the village are the remains of a Roman villa beside the River Cherwell. An investigation in 1849 found a Roman bathhouse long by wide, and four human burials have been found that may be related to the settlement. Roman coins found at the site indicate that it was inhabited in the 3rd and 4th centuries AD. English Heritage has placed the villa on its Heritage at Risk Register, citing threats from ploughing and a risk of collapse.
Manor.
The Domesday Book records that in 1086 the manor of Chipping Warden was the "caput" of the estates of Guy de Raimbeaucourt (or Reimbercourt, Reinbuedcurth or Reinbuedcurt), a baron from Raimbeaucourt in northern France. There was also a Hundred of Chipping Warden that administered the southern part of Northamptonshire.
Guy was succeeded by his son Richard de Raimbeaucourt ("circa" 1093–1120). Richard left no male heir so the barony of Chipping Warden passed "via" his daughter Margaret (born 1121) to his son-in-law Robert Foliot ("circa" 1118–1172), to whom Henry II conceded the barony of Chipping Warden in the middle of the 12th century. As Robert had a wife and son, presumably he is not the Robert Foliot who was Archdeacon of Oxford and later Bishop of Hereford.
The toponym "Chipping" is derived from the Old English "cēping" meaning "market". In 1238 Robert Grosseteste, Bishop of Lincoln obtained royal letters from Henry III revoking Chipping Warden's right to hold a market. This was because the Bishops of Lincoln controlled the market at Banbury and earned tolls from it, and Grosseteste feared that Chipping Warden was drawing trade away from Banbury.
Parish church.
In the Church of England parish church of St. Peter and St. Paul the north wall of the chancel contains two blocked-up Norman arches that suggest the building may date from about 1200. The chancel contains a window that pre-dates 1300, but is probably not in its original position. Other features from the Decorated Gothic period include the windows of the south aisle and the east window of a room to the north of the chancel. The east window of the chancel and the four-bay arcades between the nave and the north and south aisles are from the early part of the Perpendicular Gothic period. The bell tower is also Perpendicular Gothic. The parish is now part of the Church of England benefice of Culworth with Sulgrave and Thorpe Mandeville and Chipping Warden with Edgcote and Moreton Pinkney.
Social and economic history.
An open field system of farming prevailed in the parish until an Act of Parliament was passed in May 1733 enabling Chipping Warden's common lands to be enclosed.
In May 1744 a bill was moved in the House of Lords to dissolve the marriage between Henry Scudamore, 3rd Duke of Beaufort and Frances Scudamore. Among witnesses who testified under oath before their Lordships was John Pargiter, a farmer of Chipping Warden, who stated:
""That, in the Beginning of June, 1741, he observed a Man (whom he described), and afterwards found it was Lord Talbot, to meet the Dutchess as she was walking alone in the Fields near that Place; and thereupon mentioned adulterous Familiarities which passed between them.""
Witnesses William Douglas and Thomas Bonham corroborated Pargiter's evidence. The "Journal of the House of Lords" delicately omits the details of the ""adulterous Familiarities"" but records that subsequent witnesses testified ""as to the sending for a Midwise to the Dutchess; her being delivered or brought to Bed of a Daughter"". After hearing this and evidence of the Duchess's further adultery with Lord Talbot, their Lordships passed the Bill for the Duke and Duchess to be divorced.
RAF Chipping Warden, just northwest of the village, was built during the Second World War and commissioned in either 1941 or 1943 as a Bomber Command Operational Training Unit. It was decommissioned in 1946. Its buildings are now an industrial estate.
Amenities.
Chipping Warden has two public houses: The Rose and Crown (Hook Norton Brewery) and The Griffin. The village has a primary school.

</doc>
<doc id="20151455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151455" title="Mario Finzi">
Mario Finzi

Mario Finzi (July 15, 1913 – February 22, 1945) was born in Bologna, Italy, from an Italian Jewish family: both his father Amerigo Finzi, and his mother, Ebe Castelfranchi, were teachers.
A musician of great talent, he graduated when he was only 15, winning a State prize from the Ministry of Education, thereafter beginning a musical career of successful concerts. At the same time, he studied Law, and was awarded his degree "summa cum laude" at 20, also winning the King's Prize.
Only 24, Finzi was already a magistrate and a judge. In 1938 he began his legal career in Milan, but he was soon hampered by the Fascist racist laws promulgated in Italy that very year. Moving to Paris, he dedicated himself totally to music as a pianist, under contract with the French Radio.
When war exploded in Europe, Finzi was in Italy to renew his French visa, and thus could not return to Paris.
Assisting the Jews.
Finzi began to teach at the Bologna Jewish School and between 1940 and 1943 was active as the local delegate of DELASEM (see note 1), a Jewish organisation for the assistance of Jewish refugees in Italy. He was directly involved in the Villa Emma experience at Nonantola, where hundreds of Jewish orphans from Germany and the Balkans were finding shelter. Finzi was the one to welcome at the Venice station, the first train of young refugees coming from Croatia, then preparing their billeting at Nonantola. Several times he cycled all the way from Bologna, in order to visit the children, play with them and play some piano music for them.
After September 8, 1943 and the German occupation of Italy, Finzi continued underground his assistance of persecuted Jews. He procured false identity cards for the boys of Nonantola so they could emigrate to Switzerland and offered similar help to many others, including the priest Don Leto Casini and the entire clandestine DELASEM Committee of Florence.
Wrote Don Casini:
Arrest and Internment.
Finzi was arrested on March 31, 1944, whilst going to the local hospital to pay for the stay of a sick Jewish boy. Incarcerated in the Bologna jail of San Giovanni al Monte and subsequently in the Fossoli concentration camp, he was then transported in a sealed railway-car to Auschwitz-Birkenau in May 1944. According to the testimony of a Jew from Rhodes, Eliakim Cordoval, who assisted him, Finzi died because of a grave intestinal infection on February 22, 1945, almost a month before the camp's liberation – another version argues that Finzi threw himself on the high-tension wire that surrounded the camp. He allegedly left behind a message for his parents, asking their forgiveness.

</doc>
<doc id="20151470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151470" title="Republican Leadership Council">
Republican Leadership Council

The Republican Leadership Council (RLC or RLC-PAC), was founded in 1993 as the Committee for Responsible Government. It was a United States political advocacy group and political action committee that promoted Republican candidates who choose a platform that the organization characterized as "fiscally conservative, socially inclusive." Issues championed by the RLC includes small government, lower taxes, balanced budgets, environmental conservation and school choice, often including school vouchers.
The organization was chaired by former Missouri Senator John Danforth and former New Jersey Governor Christine Todd Whitman and tended to be critical of what it considered to be the disproportionate role of conservative Christians in the Republican Party [http://www.weeklystandard.com/weblogs/TWSFP/2008/11/michael_steele_i_left_moderate.asp].
In 2011, the RLC was dissolved. However, a new Republican Leadership Council of California has been formed to support moderate Republican policies, starting in California.
History.
The Committee for Responsible Government (CRG) was founded by a group of moderate Republicans in 1992 as a response to the 1992 Republican National Convention in Houston, Texas where Pat Buchanan, an unsuccessful challenger to former President George H.W. Bush, gave a controversial address which has become known as the "culture war" speech.
Founding members of the CRG included financier Lewis M. Eisenberg, New Jersey Governor Christine Todd Whitman, Representative Susan Molinari (NY-14), Representative Richard A. Zimmer (NJ-12), Massachusetts Governor William F. Weld, and Connecticut Governor John G. Rowland. The organization departed notably from the Republican Party platform by including a pro-choice position on abortion in its "guiding principles."
In 1997, the organization renamed the Republican Leadership Council in a nod to its Democratic counterpart, the centrist Democratic Leadership Council. The RLC dropped its embattled stance on abortion in favor of a neutral affirmation of the importance of "protecting individual rights" and "promoting strong families." Governor John Engler of Michigan and Senator Jon Kyl of Arizona, Republicans who favored a pro-life position, were recruited to model a more inclusive position on the issue of abortion. Financier Henry Kravis and John A. Moran, former Kansas Senator and presidential candidate Bob Dole, 1996 campaign finance chairman, were named as the organization's co-chairs.
In the Republican Party primary of California's 2002 gubernatorial election, the RLC endorsed Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan over Bill Simon, sponsoring attack ads blaming Simon for the 1993 failure of Western Federal Savings and Loan. RLC board members and Senators Jon Kyl and Frank Murkowski condemned the ads and issued statements distancing themselves from the RLC.
The RLC was inactive for several years after 2003, but was revived after the 2006 midterm elections by Whitman, former Missouri Senator John Danforth and former Maryland Lieutenant Governor Michael Steele. Whitman said that the Republicans' loss of control of Congress signaled a need for the party to return to its "fiscally conservative roots" and to be "less judgmental." In March 2007, Whitman's political action committee, "It's My Party, Too" (IMP-PAC), was merged into RLC-PAC.
In 2008, Michael Steele left the RLC, of which he was a founding member, citing disagreements over endorsing primary candidates. Some contend that his departure was an effort to boost his chances of becoming the RNC chair. He contends that he withdrew from the group in early 2008, while the RLC listed him as a member until his campaign for chair of the GOP began in December 2008.
Disbandment and Rebirth in California.
In 2011, the RLC national organization was dissolved when Governor Christine Todd Whitman retired from politics. However, a new RLC political action committee was founded shortly before in California. Known as the Republican Leadership Council of California (RLCC), it is philosophically aligned with the original RLC organization[http://www.rlccalifornia.com/about/priorities/]; was chaired by RLC's former California state coordinator; and was granted permission to continue using the same name/brand.
RLCC describes its supporters and candidates as practical, "traditional Republicans"[http://www.rlccalifornia.com/about/], in the manner of Abraham Lincoln and Theodore Roosevelt. RLCC's strategy is heavily focused on achieving long-term electoral gains for moderate Republicans for legislative, congressional, and other high offices by building a strong bench of moderate Republicans elected to local offices in the bluest parts of California.

</doc>
<doc id="20151479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151479" title="Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar">
Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar

Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar (also known as IITGN), located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India, is a public institute of higher education declared to be an Institute of National Importance by Government of India. It is one of the eight new Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) established by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India under The Institutes of Technology (Amendment) Act, 2011. IITGN comes under the brand-cluster of sixteen Indian Institutes of Technology classified by the Ministry of Human Resource Development. The Act was passed in the Lok Sabha on 24 March 2011 and by the Rajya Sabha on 30 April 2012. IIT Gandhinagar was established in 2008 along with seven other new IITs. The institute started its operations in its temporary campus at Vishwakarma Government Engineering College, Chandkheda. The institute has been mentored by Indian Institute of Technology Bombay since 2008. The first batch of students were admitted in Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering and Electrical Engineering.
Organization and Administration.
The institute is managed by a Board of Governors, interspersed with a Senate. The board comprises academicians, researchers, industrial leaders and administrators. Dr. Baldev Raj is the current Chairman,Board of Governors of IIT Gandhinagar. Dr. Raghunath Anant Mashelkar was the first Chairman Board of Governors of IITGN.
The four new members who have joined the board of governors (BOG) of IIT-GN include Prof. S P Sukhatme, former director, IIT Bombay & Chairman, Atomic Energy Regulatory Board, Prof. Surendra Prasad,Former Director, IIT Delhi; Prof. Deepak B Phatak Chair professor, Kanwal Rekhi School of Information and Technology Indian Institute of Technology Bombay; and Mr. Kamal Nanavati, President - Strategic Development at Reliance Industries Limited.
The other members of the board include: Shri P. S. Jani, Director of Education, U.T. Administration of Daman & Diu, Mr Suresh Neotia, Chairman Emeritus,Ambuja Cements;Mr Deepak Puri 
Chairman & Managing Director,Moser Baer India Ltd,Mr Malvinder Mohan Singh,Group Chairman,Religare & Fortis Healthcare Ltd
New Delhi; Mr Ashok Thakur, Special Secretary (Higher Education) Government of India Ministry of Human Resource Development;
Prof. G. K. Sharma, Visiting Professor Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar; Prof. N. Ramakrishnan 
Visiting Professor, Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar; Prof. Sudhir K. Jain, Director, Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar. Mr B. S. Punalkar Registrar Indian Institute of Technology Bombay is the Secretary of the BoG.
The Senate.
The Senate is a statutory body responsible for all the academic matters of the institute including monitoring and improvements in course structure and curriculum. The current Senate of the IIT GN was constituted on April 5, 2010. It hosts members of faculty, and advisers from academia and industry. Prior to its constitution, the functions of the Senate were being performed by an Academic Council comprising the Heads of Departments at IIT Bombay, the mentor institute.
Key officials.
Key officials of the institute are the Director, assisted by Dean of Academic Affairs, Dean of Student Affairs, Dean Faculty Affairs, Dean Research and Development, and Heads of individual Disciplines. Presently Prof. Sudhir Kumar Jain is heading the institution as the Director. He is on deputation from IIT Kanpur.
Campus Site at Palej.
The permanent campus of IIT Gandhinagar will come up on the banks of Sabarmati near Palej village. The institute took possession of over 400 acres of land in August 2012. The institute will function as a fully residential campus and will be constructed in phases. The campus will be run on solar power. It is envisioned to be a pollution-free, green zone.
Academics.
IITGN offers Bachelor of Technology program in Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Civil Engineering and Electrical Engineering. Admission to these programmes is through the Indian Institute of Technology Joint Entrance Examination (JEE). Students are admitted after completing 10+2. The institute also offers Masters and Ph.D. studies in various fields. Admissions to these programmes are through written test and/or interviews. IIT Gandhinagar has been offering a five week rigorous Foundation Program for the Fresh JEE batches joining the Institute since July 2011. The July 2011 Foundation Program was inaugurated by Mr. N.R.Narayana Murthy on 19 July 2011. 
Hundred and Seventeen students have taken admission in the 2012 batch.Hundred and thirty-four students are studying in 2013 batch.
Convocation.
The first convocation of IIT Gandhinagar was held on 22 July 2012 within the temporary campus premises. 86 students graduated with Bachelor of Technology degrees in Chemical, Electrical, and Mechanical Engineering. The Chief guest for the occasion was Shri N. R. Narayana Murthy, Chief Mentor and Chairman Emeritus, Infosys Ltd. Mr. Murthy spoke about patriotism in his Convocation address. Dr. Mashelkar, Chairman Board of Governors and Dr. Sudhir Jain, Director IIT Gandhinagar also addressed the graduating students. The President's gold medal, outstanding researcher's medal, and other performance awards were given away by Dr. Mashelkar. The degrees of Bachelor of Technology to the graduating batch were handed over by Dr. Sudhir K. Jain. Swetava Ganguli received the first President's Gold Medal of IIT Gandhinagar. The convocation attire for IITGN has been designed by National Institute of Design (NID).
India-Ki-Khoj.
India-Ki-Khoj is an intensive module focusing upon the understanding and appreciation of India through diverse lectures and field visits. The program is designed and led by members of the Humanities and Social Sciences Program at IIT, Gandhinagar. It brings both overseas and IITGN students together to participate in this program for ten days. The first India-Ki-Khoj was held in December 2011 and hosted students from Caltech. India-Ki-Khoj 2013 was held from June 19, 2013 to 27 June 2013. The institute invites participation of students from different universities across the world. According to the institute authorities, India-ki-Khoj has been designed to help overseas students relate with this idea and the many layers that form identity in India. It will communicate the many imaginations about India, and provide a flavor of its multiplicity as well as some overarching generalities. Through a combination of academic lectures and field-visits, the module claims to be able to take the students through India of the past, present and future making them relate India’s ancient traditions of philosophy, science and technology to a present-day India and help identify continuities as well as shifts that India has made through centuries. The module also includes discussion on India’s economic trends, culture and history, poetry and films, caste and community structures and enables participants 'appreciate a country that eludes easy definitions'.
Research.
IIT Gandhinagar and Physical Research Laboratory, Ahmedabad signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) in 2011 that ensures research collaborations and exchanges between the two institutions at the level of advanced Ph.D. programs in theoretical physics, astro-physics, and atmospheric sciences. The collaboration facilitates exchange of research ideas between PhD students and faculties of both institutions.
NTT Facilities, Inc., Japan and Gujarat Energy Development Agency (GEDA), Gandhinagar, have provided a 10 kW roof-top solar photovoltaic (PV) system each to the Institute . The system provided by NTT Facilities consists of sixty four thin-film modules (rated 150W) made by Solar Frontier, Japan while the system sponsored by GEDA consists of forty four multicrystalline silicon modules (rated 230 W) produced by Jain Irrigation Systems Ltd, India. Each PV system is expected to generate about 15000 kWh of electricity every year and reduce total CO2 emissions by about 28 tonnes. These systems have already started to reduce the energy bills of the Institute and are being used for research in collaboration with Underwriters Laboratories.
Infrastructure.
Computing Facilities.
IIT Gandhinagar LAN setup integrates the campus into a single unit. The Institute premises and the student hostels are Wi-Fi enabled. Scientific software such as Mathematica, PSCAD 4.2, STATA 11.1, Matlab, ANSYS Multi-Physics Simulation Software Suite, which includes CFD software such as Fluent, ICEM-CFD and CFX, and Finite Element Software for Structural Analysis, multi-body dynamics and for problems requiring multi-physics simulation, STAR-CCM+ CFD Software and Autodesk Inventor CAD Software.
HPC Lab.
Two computational labs with networked multi-core desktop computers have been set up for teaching courses and for executing computational research projects. An initiative to set up a high performance computing (HPC) platform for advancing research and teaching in computational science and engineering, for the promotion of the use of GPUs and CUDA programming for HPC has been made with the establishment of the HPCLab@IITGN consisting of 7 networked multi-core and GPU based workstations set up with partial support Fujitsu and Nvidia. Users can also access the various computational resources made available via GARUDA- the Indian Grid Computing facility from the HPCLab@IITGN.
Library.
The Library has a collection of 11,000 books including reference books and text books, and 165 print journals. Most of the research journals are now available through on-line resources such as Annual Reviews, American Chemical Society, American Physical Society, ASME, IEEE, JSTOR, Science Direct, MathScinet, and SpringerLink. IITGN is an institutional member of the American Mathematical Society (AMS).
Hostels.
Accommodation facilities for all the undergraduate students are available on campus and in the housing complex across the street from the Institute. There are two hostels for the boys—one inside the campus and the other hostel across the road in the building complexes. There is a separate girls' hostel within the campus for the undergraduate women students.
Sports.
IIT GN has sports facilities that include a football field, cricket, volleyball and basketball courts. Students and staff participate in the Inter-IIT Sports Meet annually. Parth Sane won the first Inter-IIT Gold Medal for IIT GN in 2011 in the category of 50 Mts butterfly swimming event for men. Facilities for indoor games such as badminton and table-tennis are also available. A modern multi-purpose gym is available along with gym instructors. Football enthusiasts come together under the ambit of LFP (League of Football Players) and organize a Barclays Premier League style IITian Football League with provisions for team formation through bidding, player transfer, etc.
Student Activities.
Students are represented by the Students' Senate, a legislative body consisting of student representatives. There also exists an executive body, the Students' Gymkhana Council. A two-part documentary on academics and student life at IIT GN was launched recently.
Amalthea.
Amalthea is the student organised technical summit of IIT Gandhinagar. The summit focuses purely on spreading technical knowledge and suffusing enthusiasm in minds to work for the greater good of man. Amalthea 2010 was centered on "Non-Conventional sources of Energy, its importance and scope". The speakers ranged from industry representative such as Mr. Madhusudhan Atre of Applied Materials to esteemed academia such as Mr. Anil Gupta of Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad and government officials such as Mr. Sahu, Principal Secretary, Industries and Mines Department, Government of Gujarat. 
Amalthea 2011 was inaugurated by Shri 
Shri Narendra Modi, Chief Minister of Gujarat on 15th October 2011. It was a pre summit event of Vibrant Gujarat 2013. Amalthea 2011 focused on "Infrastructure in India: Present Scenario and Future Scope".The two day long summit was visited by more than 3500 students and professionals with 1500+ students visiting in the first day itself. The conclave witnessed the presence of eminent personalities from the field of infrastructure like Mr. Mangu Singh,current Managing Director of Delhi Metro, who spoke about the success story of Delhi Metro and Mr. Subir Hazra,Associate Vice President & Head, Strategic Planning, Delhi International Airport Limited at GMR Group.
Exhibition:
In just the second year after its inception, AMALTHEA for the 1st time hosted an exhibition,which claimed to be a 'one stop edutainment destination', treating more than 2500 attendees.The exhibition witnessed around 25 companies, institutions and research labs from various fields of industry showcasing technologies and R & D, that goes into the making their products & services. Some of the companies were Essar, L&T, Electrotherm, iNDEXTb, Atlas Copco, E. I. DuPont, National Instruments, RICOH and Suzlon. Visitors also got the opportunity to catch glimpse of the exciting world of robotics and A.I. with an astonishing display of Robotic dogs and Wirelesscontrolled Surveillance robots by MetalmateInc. Among other significant exhibitors were DRDO, ISRO and NDRF.
Amalthea’12 focussed on two topics of major importance in the growing Indian economy,Automobiles and Safety with all the three verticals Conclave, Exhibition and Events receiving enormous response from the student community and the industry. Along with Auto conclave, the International Conference on Safety (ICS 2012)[http://www.iitgn.ac.in/safety2012/index.html] was conducted in conjunction with Amalthea’12. The conclave speakers were personalities like Mr.Dilip Chhabria, Mr.Tom Chackalackal,Vice-President Manufacturing,Ford India Pvt. Ltd, Mr. Nitin Nair,Head, Automotive Business, SIEMENS Automation and Mr. Joachim Nell, Head, Continental TechCenter India. The conclave was also affiliated with Vibrant Gujarat Summit 2013.
"Exhibition'12" was christened "Design Expo". One of the major attractions of the expo was India’s first indigenously-designed sports car DC Avanti that was exhibited for the 2nd time after it's unveiling at Auto Expo Delhi 2012. Vintage cars and car from brand like Audi were also showcased in the expo. The The engineers of Tata Motors disassembled Tata Nano to help students understand the engineering involved in the Rs1 lakh car. Exhibits from various other exhibitors such as GIFT City, Ansys and Altair were absorbing part of the expo. Apart from conclave and exhibition, the diverse events like designing specific bots for different tasks gave the participants hands on experience of approaching a problem.
Blithchron.
"Blithchron" is the cultural festival of IIT Gandhinagar. The word "Blithchron" was coined by the students from "blithe" and "chronos" meaning the "time of festivity". The festival has grown from around 1500 in the first year to over 8000 in the second year. The latest edition of Blithchron -Blithchron '13, saw a footfall of 19,000 students. Some of the lead performers at the festival each year include Nitin Malik of Parikrama fame, Dr. Kumar Viswas the poet, Agnee and other prformances.Two main attractions of Blithchron are Panache and Pro night.
The 3rd year of the festival was themed "Cinema Through Ages" and included performances from German band Fire On Dawson which performed for the first time in Gujarat as well as Motherjane and Sifar. Blithchron-11 witnessed a thumping footfall of 15000.
The 4th edition of Blithchron was based on a unique theme "Around the World in 48 Hours" which focuses on the amalgamation of different cultures all across the globe. Colleges from all over India participated in Blithchron-12.
League of Football Players.
LFP or the League of Football Players is an annual football tournament organised in IIT Gandhinagar. It started with three teams namely Club Gallanatos, 8 hooligans FC and Aeolus. Being inspired from the popular football leagues around the world in its format and concept, LFP emerged as one of the most interesting tournament of IITGN in the first year of its inception, with some hard fought matches and nail biting, LFP was able to attract a lot of non football playing audience.
The present league has five teams: Blitz FC, Club Galantos, 8 Hooligans, Torrero FC and Rebels United.
Pragya.
Showing a students' group, called, Pragya, are highly active in social activities in the campus. The students conducted social audits in the neighboring villages to help unmask corruption and money laundering. The students of IIT GN organize a blood donation drive throughout Ahmedabad, and also themselves donate blood.
Palantir.
The student magazine, Palantir, is a semester-based insight into the activities at IITGN. It is also a forum where the students can voice their concerns and opinions.
Earn While You Learn.
As part of a program started by the institute, the students at IIT GN are paid for part-time jobs. Through this program, the students are involved in the working and functioning of the college. Jobs vary from handling the functioning of the library to network management in the campus. Also extending the program, the students are included in the planning and the designing of the new campus of IIT Gandhinagar.
With a strong sense of brotherhood and tradition, the students also celebrate almost all the festivals. Unity in diversity is clearly seen, with students celebrating Eid with the same enthusiasm as Ganesh Chaturthi.
Summer Camp.
A four-week Summer Camp for IITGN undergraduate students was held from June 18, 2012 to July 17, 2012 with the theme of "Design". This initiative gave the students a platform to express their creativity and originality. Activities at the camp included engineering design challenges such as laboratory kits, design experiments for rural schools, designing laboratory kits, etc.
Socio-Cultural Outreach.
Sakar.
An initiative by the students of IIT Gandhinagr to promote interest in Maths and Science among the school girls of standard 6,7,8 and 9. It is a humble effort to remove the nightmares of these subjects from their minds, by simplifying concepts and presenting them in way that causes everyone to participate and helps encourage innovative methods to understand cumbersome portions in the subject. 
The team conducts weekend sessions, in the school premises on Saturdays and in the institute on Sundays. A typical session has a beginning activity that triggers the thought process through a puzzle/ math trick or interesting videos . Then, the team members turnwise take up topics maths and science, and present them in the form of activities, stories or real life examples. The ultimate aim of the sessions is to generate the ability to relate the learnt knowledge with their daily lives, and rise above the usual learning methods of cramming without understanding. The students too find the stories of the periodic elements, the live demos of calculation of simple interest & compound interest, the usage of ratios and proportions in the offers at malls, the activities of making pyramids, cones, cylinders and learning their areas/volumes by cutting them open, etc. very interesting. Regular quizzes, presentations and competitions with handsome prizes help in keeping the spirits of the students high all throughout the sessions. For certain science topics, the volunteers also demonstrate concepts through small experiments. 
The project has completed phase I at Sakar English Medium School with a set of over 100 sessions over the last two years, and the plan now is to extend the activities to other nearby schools as-well. 
Sakar is not to force Maths or Science upon the students, but to raise them to a level where they take up subjects conscientiously, based upon their interests and not reject them merely out of fear. It is to spark their inquisitive minds with the true magic of Maths and Science, and to provide them the courage to delve deeper.
Nyasa.
In a small effort toward the welfare of campus construction workers and their families, the IITGN community has started an initiative called 'Nyasa'.
The Nyasa team has distributed more than 100 woolen clothes to children in winter and organized a community lunch for 400 construction workers and their families on Republic day (January 26, 2011). Students, staff, and faculty come together to organize weekly educational engagement sessions for the children ranging from 3–10 years in age. The activities involve coloring, playing with building blocks, watching interactive and educational plays, and flying kites. During the session, food (like fruits and dairy) that is found missing in the diet of the workers, is also provided.
A clothes drive for donation to construction workers has been started in conjunction with service day (May 7, 2011). Nyasa intends to expand its activities into literacy, and compilation of oral histories of these workers.

</doc>
<doc id="20151506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151506" title="70th Flying Training Squadron">
70th Flying Training Squadron

The 70th Flying Training Squadron (70 FTS) is Reserve unit of the United States Air Force based at the United States Air Force Academy, Colorado.
70 FTS augments the 94th Flying Training Squadron for glider training, augments the parachuting element of training for the 98th Flying Training Squadron, and supports the 557th Flying Training Squadron by assisting the cadet flying team compete at a national intercollegiate level as well as providing oversight in the Academy flight screening program.
Mission.
The 70th supports sailplane, powered flight, Initial Flight Screening, and parachute operations at the United States Air Force Academy.
History.
Established as a pre-World War II GHQAF bombardment squadron; equipped with B-18 Bolos and early-model B-26 Marauders. After the Japanese Attack on Pearl Harbor, squadron was engaged in antisubmarine operations over the mid-Atlantic coast. Reassigned to Third Air Force and equipped with A-26 Invader light bombers; deployed to Fifth Air Force in Australia in 1942 as part of the re-equipping of that command after its withdraw to Australia after the 1941-1942 Battle of the Philippines.
Deployed to South Pacific Area (SPA); being assigned to Thirteenth Air Force and attacking enemy targets in the Solomon Islands; New Hebrides and other enemy locations north and east of Papua New Guinea. Became part of Mac Arthur's New Guinea campaign, supported Army ground forces with tactical bombing of enemy formations and targets along the northern coast of New Guinea and in the Dutch East Indies.
Attacked enemy forces in the Philippines during early 1945 as part of the liberation from Japanese control; continued combat missions until the Japanese capitulation in August 1945. Became part of the Fifth Air Force forces in Occupied Japan in 1946 before being demobilized and inactivated in May 1946.
Reactivated as a Strategic Air Command B-36 Peacemaker bombardment squadron in 1953. Engaged in worldwide training missions with the B-36 until 1956 when re-equipped with the jet B-52 Stratofortress. Deployed to Western Pacific during the Vietnam War and flew conventional Arc Light bombardment missions over enemy military and industrial targets in North Vietnam. Inactivated in 1966 due to budget reductions.
Reactivated as an Undergraduate Pilot Training (UPT) T-37 Tweet squadron in 1972. Remained in Air Training Command providing initial flight training first at Laredo AFB, then at Moody AFB. Inactivated in 1975 when Moody was transferred to Tactical Air Command as a fighter base.
Reactivated in the Reserve at the United States Air Force Academy in 2005 as a pilot screening squadron, replacing Detachment 1, 302nd Operations Group. Also flies unpowered gliders.

</doc>
<doc id="20151511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151511" title="DMC Surgery Hospital">
DMC Surgery Hospital

DMC Surgery Hospital is one of the eight hospitals/Institutions composing the Detroit Medical Center. DMC Surgery Hospital is dedicated to the surgical needs of adults and children. Surgery for adults covers the full range of orthopaedic surgeries, neurosurgery relative to the spine and podiatric surgery. In association with the Children's Hospital of Michigan, surgery for pediatric patients primarily provides services for all outpatient surgical needs. The major emphasis of the facility is a commitment to orthopaedic sports medicine which includes services for both adults and adolescents. The hospital also offers 24-hour emergency care and psychiatric inpatient services.
History.
The Detroit Medical Center first opened this site in Madison Heights, Michigan in March 2003 as Michigan Orthopaedic Specialty Hospital. It was the first hospital in the state to offer inpatient and outpatient surgical care exclusively focused on orthopaedics. In addition, a 24-hour general Emergency Room was opened to the community. The hospital also continued to provide services through Madison Behavioral Health Services, which it acquired with the purchase of the site. 
In the past five years, the hospital has grown to also include a full-service radiology department with MRI and ultrasound technology, a Back Pain Clinic and an off-site Wound Care Center. Recently, it expanded to include outpatient surgical services performed by the doctors of DMC Children’s Hospital of Michigan. On July 10, 2008, the facility was renamed the DMC Surgery Hospital to better represent this broader range of services to adults and children.

</doc>
<doc id="20151545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151545" title="I'm Not That Kind of Girl">
I'm Not That Kind of Girl

"I'm Not That Kind of Girl" is a studio album released in 1983 by British singer Marti Webb. It was a follow up to 1981's " Won't Change Places". The songs on the album are linked by a story and were written by David Hentschel and Don Black. 
Background.
The album was produced by David Hentschel, who also composed the music. The lyrics were written by Don Black who was at the time, Webb's manager. It was in the song cycle format that had proved successful for Webb's 1980 album "Tell Me On a Sunday" which Black had co-written with Andrew Lloyd Webber. The story told of a woman meeting up with a former lover and embarking on a new relationship with him, dealing with her insecurities in between and ending with her about to marry him. Some of the songs are humorous in tone with Janet Reger and Jane Fonda referenced in the titles, although takes a more dramatic theme in the closing two tracks. The genre of the album is contemporary pop, somewhat at odds with Webb's usual style, but does feature a number of power ballads. The album was originally titled "One Afternoon".
It was Webb's third and final album for the Polydor label, but failed to chart. Singles from the album were "Getting It Right", "I'm Not That Kind of Girl" and "Didn't Mean to Fall in Love".
The album was recorded between November 1981 and June 1982 at The Manor, The Townhouse, Maison Rouge and Hipposound Studios. The album boasted a strong musical backing, including Kiki Dee and Phil Collins - the latter having worked with Hentschel many times before. Prolific session musicians John Giblin and Phil Palmer also provided musical backing.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
All tracks written by David Hentschel and Don Black.

</doc>
<doc id="20151549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151549" title="Revolution DNA">
Revolution DNA

Revolution DNA is the fifth studio album by the Greek death metal band Septic Flesh.
Track listing.
All lyrics written by Sotiris V.

</doc>
<doc id="20151556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151556" title="Shenaaz Nanji">
Shenaaz Nanji

Shenaaz Nanji (born 1954, Mombasa, Kenya) is an Indian Canadian children's and young adult author. She currently lives in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Writing.
Her novel "Child of Dandelions", a book about the Expulsion of Asians in Uganda in 1972, was a shortlisted nominee for the 2008 Governor General's Awards in the Children's Literature category. Other children's books include "Indian Tales", "An Alien in my House!", "Treasures for Lunch", "The Old Fisherman of Lamu", "Teeny Weeny Penny" and "Grandma's Heart". She holds an M.F.A. in Writing for Children and Young Adults from Vermont College.

</doc>
<doc id="20151563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151563" title="Our Lady of Medjugorje">
Our Lady of Medjugorje

Our Lady of Medjugorje (also called Queen of Peace) is the title given to the Blessed Virgin Mary by those who believe that she appeared to six Herzegovinian children in Medjugorje, Bosnia and Herzegovina (at the time in SFR Yugoslavia). The visionaries often refer to the apparition as the "Gospa" which is Croatian for "Lady".
Visionaries.
On June 24, 1981, young Mirjana Dragicevic and Ivanka Ivanković reported seeing an apparition of the Virgin Mary in a village in what is now Bosnia and Herzegovina. The following day another vision was reported, this time also by four other young people:, Marija Pavlović Jakov Colo, Vicka Ivanković, and Ivan Dragicevic.
The children claim that they saw an apparition on the hill Crnica (on the place called Podbrdo); the alleged apparition was a white form with a child in her arms. Surprised and scared, they did not approach. The next day at the same time four of the youths returned, and were later joined by the other two.
For several years the six visionaries reported seeing daily apparitions from the Virgin Mary and Medjugorje became crowded with pilgrims. It has been reported that Our Lady of Medjugorje has been appearing daily to three of these visionaries ever since, some say that they have stopped having daily apparitions.
At the time of the first alleged apparition Vicka Ivanković was sixteen years old. She claims to have prayed with Our Lady and talked to her; she also claims to have been given nine "secrets".
Her "prayer mission", said to have been given by the Blessed Virgin Mary, is to pray for the sick. Vicka says that her daily apparitions have not yet stopped. Vicka claims to have received a biography of Mary's life, contained in two hand written notebooks, which Vicka has said will be published when the Blessed Virgin Mary tells her to do so.
Vicka Ivanković continues to meet with pilgrims to Medjugorje, which she has done for over twenty one years. Vicka is often called "the smiling visionary" because she always has a smile filled with joy on her face.
Regarding her alleged visions, Vicka once stated:
A 2009 paper by Yale Divinity School student Daniel Klimek details the intricate connection between the Medjugorje apparitions and the writings of Italian mystic Maria Valtorta.
Reported messages and visions.
In the nearly 30 years that she has purportedly been appearing to the six visionaries, they have been reporting receiving messages from the Virgin Mary asking for people to pray often, fast and do penance.
Many phenomena have been reported at Medjugorje, such as the sun spinning, dancing in the sky, turning colors, or being surrounded by objects such as hearts or crosses. Many have reported that they have been able to look at the sun during those times without any damage to their eyes. The tall cement cross erected on Mount Podbrdo (where many of the apparitions had taken place) has reportedly disappeared and reappeared or else glowed as if lit with lights, although there is no electricity on the mountain. Not everyone reports seeing the same miracles at the same time. Miraculous healing has also been reported.
Description of Our Lady.
Franciscan Fr. Janko Bubalo questioned the visionaries and asked them to describe Mary's appearance. According to how they saw Our Lady, she is 18 to 20 years old, slender and around tall. Her face is long and oval. She has black hair. Her eyes are blue with delicate eyelashes and thin black eyebrows. She has a nice, little nose and rosy cheeks. She has beautiful reddish thin lips and her smile is more like some indescribable gentleness. It's visible as if somehow under her skin.
Her simple dress is bluish-grey and falls freely all the way down to the little whitish cloud on which she is standing. Her veil is pure white and covers her head and shoulders. It also reaches down to the little cloud. She has a crown of twelve golden stars on her head.
Finally he asked, “Is Our Lady really beautiful, as you have said?” Their answer was, “Well, really we haven't told you anything about that. Her beauty cannot be described. It is not our kind of beauty. It is something ethereal, something heavenly, something that we'll only see in Paradise and then only to a certain degree.”
Official position of the church.
As is typical for all claims of private revelation the Catholic Church follows a standard criterion for evaluating apparitions. There are two possible judgments: "constat de supernaturalitate" ("It is confirmed to be of supernatural origin") and "non constat..." ("It is not confirmed...") .
The Catholic Church has made successive comments on the status of the Medjugorje apparitions. Each has declared "non constat"; that is, it cannot confirm the supernatural nature of the apparitions. The Vatican commission set up to study Medjugorje concluded on Jan 18, 2014 and it has not confirmed the validity of alleged apparitions as supernatural.

</doc>
<doc id="20151574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151574" title="A-1 lifeboat">
A-1 lifeboat

The A-1 lifeboat was a powered lifeboat that was made to be dropped by fixed-wing aircraft into water to aid in air-sea rescue operations. The sturdy airborne lifeboat was to be carried by a heavy bomber specially modified to handle the external load of the lifeboat. The A-1 lifeboat was intended to be dropped by parachute during Dumbo missions to land within reach of the survivors of an accident on the ocean, specifically airmen survivors of an emergency water landing.
Design.
The first airborne lifeboat was designed in the United Kingdom by Uffa Fox in 1943. In the United States, Andrew Higgins evaluated the Fox boat and found it too weak to survive mishap in emergency operations. In November 1943, Higgins assigned engineers from his company to make a sturdier version with two air-cooled engines. Higgins Industries, known for making landing craft (LCVP) and PT boats, produced the A-1 lifeboat, a , airborne lifeboat made of laminated mahogany with 20 waterproof internal compartments so that it would not sink if swamped or overturned. Intended to be dropped by modified Boeing B-17 Flying Fortresses, it was ready for production in early 1944.
The yellow-painted vessel was supplied with enough food, water and clothing for 12 survivors to last for about 20 days in the ocean. It was provided with sails kept relatively small so that inexpert operators could use them. A "Gibson Girl" survival radio was aboard with an antenna to be lifted up with a kite. Its two engines propelled the boat at ; if just one were used the speed was . The effective cruising range was about with some made per day.
Higgens also produced a smaller 18 foot version of the A-1 for the US Coast Guard that could be dropped by PBY Catalinas that was half the weight of the A-1. Unlike the larger version for the USAAF, the smaller Higgens air dropped lifeboat was designed to rescue only 8 or less persons. While a November 1945 "Popular Mechanics" article states it was in USCG service there are few public references to this smaller version of the A-1.
Operations.
The Higgins A-1 lifeboat was to be dropped by an SB-17 traveling at an airspeed of and an altitude of about . Precisely as the aircraft passed directly over the rescue target the boat was to be released. The boat dropped free for a short distance, then static lines attached to the aircraft's bomb bay catwalk drew taut, pulling out three parachutes of a standard U.S. Army design. Under the open parachutes, the boat took on a 50° bow-downward angle and descended at a rate of per second, or about . In a manner similar to Fox's airborne lifeboat, upon contact with seawater, rocket-projected lines were automatically sent out to each side to make it easier for survivors to reach the Higgins lifeboat. The parachutes settled into the water to create a sea anchor holding the boat steady while survivors worked to reach it. Inside the boat, the crew of the aircraft that dropped the lifeboat would have placed a map giving the approximate position of the boat and a recommended compass setting to take in order to facilitate rescue.
The first Higgins airborne lifeboat used in an emergency was dropped on March 31, 1945 in the North Sea, some offshore of the Dutch island of Schiermonnikoog. In the evening of March 30, a PBY Catalina landed in six-foot (2 m) swells to save the pilot of a downed P-51 Mustang, but one of the Catalina's engines lost its oil in the process, rendering the flying boat unable to take off. Darkness, distance, and poor visibility prevented the Catalina men from making contact with the Mustang pilot who drifted in a raft and was eventually taken prisoner of war. The next morning, a Vickers Warwick located the Catalina and dropped a Fox-designed airborne lifeboat nearby, but after being retrieved the lifeboat began to break up from repeatedly smashing against the Catalina in the increasingly heavy seas. 
Instead, the six aircrew lashed three of their own inflatable rubber dinghies together and abandoned the aircraft in ten-foot (3 m) swells. Another Warwick dropped another Fox airborne lifeboat some distance away, but its parachute didn't open and it was destroyed upon striking the water. An SB-17 flying in the , breeze dropped its load—Higgins Airborne Lifeboat No. 25—from an altitude of to land about from the men. As it hit the water, one of the lifeboat's tethering rocket lines snaked out over the junction of two of the dinghies, making an ideal shot. The six airmen transferred to the Higgins lifeboat where they huddled down and waited for three days in the worst North Sea storm of 1945 before two more Fox airborne boats were dropped with gasoline and supplies on April 3, the lifeboats either swamping or breaking up upon hitting the water. On April 4 in continuing rough seas, the airmen were picked up by two Rescue Motor Launch (RML) boats, and the Higgins A-1 lifeboat, unable to be towed, was intentionally sunk by gunfire.
In the last eight months of World War II, Dumbo operations complemented simultaneous United States Army Air Forces heavy bombing operations against Japanese targets.
Coast Guard.
The United States Coast Guard (USCG) operated Dumbo flights along the West Coast in the early 1950s, using the PB-1G, a B-17 variant. Such a flight is depicted briefly in the 1954 film "The High and the Mighty". Further Dumbo flights were conducted jointly by the USCG and the U.S. Navy during the Korean War.
The A-1 lifeboat was joined and then succeeded by the A-3 lifeboat from 1947. The A-3 lifeboat was used until the mid-1950s, after which winch equipped helicopters had become commonplace enough to be used to lift survivors instead of dropping a lifeboat to them.

</doc>
<doc id="20151587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151587" title="Stencil lithography">
Stencil lithography

Stencil lithography is a novel method of fabricating nanometer scale patterns using nanostencils, stencils (shadow mask) with nanometer size apertures. It is a resist-less, simple, parallel nanolithography process, and it does not involve any heat or chemical treatment of the substrates (unlike resist-based techniques).
History.
Stencil lithography was first reported in a scientific journal as a micro-structuring technique by S. Gray and P. K. Weimer in 1959. They used long stretched metallic wires as shadow masks during metal deposition. 
Various materials can be used as membranes, such as metals, Si, SixNy, and polymers. Today the stencil apertures can be scaled down to sub-micrometer size at full 4" wafer scale. This is called a nanostencil. Nano-scale stencil apertures have been fabricated using laser interference lithography (LIL), electron beam lithography, and focused ion beam lithography.
Processes.
Several process are available using stencil lithography: material deposition and etching, as well as implantation of ions. Different stencil requirements are necessary for the various processes, e. g. an extra etch-resistant layer on the backside of the stencil for etching (if the membrane material is sensitive to the etching process) or a conductive layer on the backside of the stencil for ion implantation.
Deposition.
The main deposition method used with stencil lithography is physical vapor deposition. This includes thermal and electron beam physical vapor deposition, molecular beam epitaxy, sputtering, and pulsed laser deposition. The more directional the material flux is, the more accurate the pattern is transferred form the stencil to the substrate.
Etching.
Reactive ion etching is based on ionized, accelerated particles that etch both chemically and physically the substrate. The stencil in this case is used as a hard mask, protecting the covered regions of the substrate, while allowing the substrate under the stencil apertures to be etched.
Ion implantation.
Here the thickness of the membrane has to be smaller than the penetration length of the ions in the membrane material. The ions will then implant only under the stencil apertures, into the substrate.
Modes.
There are three main modes of operation of stencil lithography: static, quasi-dynamic and dynamic. While all the above described processes have been proven using the static mode (stencil doesn't move relative to substate during material or ion processing), only ion implantation has been shown for the non-static modes (quasi-dynamic).
Static stencil.
In the static mode, the stencil is aligned (if necessary) and fixed to a substrate. The stencil-substrate pair is placed in the evaporation/etching/ion implantation machine, and after the processing is done, the stencil is simply removed from the now patterned substrate.
Quasi-dynamic stencil.
In the quasi-dynamic mode (or step-and-repeat), the stencil moves relative to the substrate in between depositions, without breaking the vacuum.
Dynamic stencil.
In the dynamic mode, the stencil moves relative to the substrate during deposition, allowing the fabrication of patterns with tapered height profiles by changing the stencil speed during a constant material deposition rate.
Challenges.
Despite it being a versatile technique, there are still several challenges to be addressed by stencil lithography. During deposition through the stencil, material is deposited not only on the substrate through the apertures but also on the stencil backside, including around and inside the apertures. This reduces the effective aperture size by an amount proportional to the deposited material, leading ultimately to aperture clogging. 
The accuracy of the pattern transfer from the stencil to the substrate depends on many parameters. The material diffusion on the substrate (as a function of temperature, material type, evaporation angle) and the geometrical setup of the evaporation are the main factors. Both lead to an enlargement of the initial pattern, called blurring.
References.
Series in MICROSYSTEMS Vol. 20:
Marc Antonius Friedrich van den Boogaart,
""Stencil lithography: An ancient technique for advanced micro- and nanopatterning"", 2006, VIII, 182 p.; ISBN 3-86628-110-2

</doc>
<doc id="20151588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151588" title="Xanthogramma pedissequum">
Xanthogramma pedissequum

Xanthogramma pedissequum is an uncommon European species of hoverfly. Little is known of its larval stages, it has been found in nests of the ant "Lasius niger", and in with the root aphids "Forda formicaria" and "Trama sp".

</doc>
<doc id="20151591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151591" title="Iván Pérez Muñoz">
Iván Pérez Muñoz

Iván Pérez Muñoz (born 29 January 1976 in Madrid) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a forward.
Club career.
A product of Real Madrid's youth system, Pérez became a professional in 1994 with the B-team, before making his first main squad appearance the next season. While at Real Madrid he had a loan spell with CF Extremadura, leaving in 1997 to sign with Real Betis and later playing briefly in France for FC Girondins de Bordeaux, before signing with Deportivo de La Coruña in 1999.
With the Galicians, Pérez was a member of the 1999–2000 championship-winning squad, but only featured in three La Liga matches throughout the season, making just five league appearances over the course of three seasons. He later had loan spells at CD Numancia and CD Leganés, retiring in 2005 after two years with lowly Girona FC.
International career.
In arguably the finest moment of his career, Pérez scored the only goal in the 1998 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship final, as Spain downed Greece.
Personal life.
Pérez is the younger brother of another footballer, Alfonso Pérez. Both began their career with Real Madrid, and played together for two seasons at Betis.

</doc>
<doc id="20151603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151603" title="Japanese seaplane carrier Nisshin">
Japanese seaplane carrier Nisshin

Nisshin was a seaplane carrier of the Japanese Imperial Navy during World War II. The ship was built at Kure Naval Arsenal from 1938 to 1942. She was built with 2 catapults for launching, lifting and storing up to 25 planes. Then in 1942 modifications were made for the ship to also carry Type 'A' midget submarines as well as carry and lay 700 mines.
Design.
The vessel was essentially similar to the preceding seaplane carrier Chitose and "Mizuho" but was fitted with more powerful engines which improved its speed to reach speeds of 24 knots through its 47,000 bhp, two-shafted engines. The Nisshin could run up to 11,000 knots on a full fueling. Due to her heightened speeds, she was used a lot on express runs to get supplies to designated areas quickly.
The Nisshin weighed over 11,317 tons and was 188 m long and 20 m wide with a draft of 7 m. Armaments included an array of 24 guns.
World War II.
The ship usually operated as a fast transport. On one such mission the Nisshin was sunk on 22 July 1943 in the Bougainville Strait by American dive bombers. She was on her way to Buin on the Shortland Islands with supplies and reinforcements of over 600 troops of the South Sea No. 4 Guard Unit, 22 tanks, 8 artillery pieces, mortars and fuel for the garrison in their upcoming fight against American troops who had landed nearby on New Georgia Island.
The Nisshin had departed from Kure with the Hagikaze and Arashi on July 10, on the 15th they were joined by the cruiser Mogami and the light cruisers Agano and Oyode and the destroyer Isokaze, steaming on for Rabaul where more troops were collected. On 21 July the ships were spotted from the air, but it seems the Americans had advanced notice of their arrival and for the day a cat and mouse game ensued. Nisshin dashed forward with her higher speeds but in the end received a number of direct hits and sunk.
As the ship sank it is noted the courage of her crew with gunners staying at their posts to lay covering fire for the escaping soldiers, with other crew giving priority to their escapes over their own. In the end only 178 souls were saved, with the largest portion being the soldiers. Captain Ito went down with his ship.
See also.
High-speed transport (US Navy)

</doc>
<doc id="20151661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151661" title="Xylota sylvarum">
Xylota sylvarum

Xylota sylvarum is a common European species of hoverfly.

</doc>
<doc id="20151705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151705" title="Loïc Nestor">
Loïc Nestor

Loïc Nestor (born 20 May 1989) is a French professional footballer who plays for Châteauroux, as a defender.
Career.
Born in Pointe-à-Pitre, Guadeloupe, Nestor joined the youth team of Le Havre in 2004, and turned professional in 2007, making his Ligue 2 debut on 6 November 2007 against CS Sedan.
International career.
Nestor made one appearance for the France under-21 team in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20151712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151712" title="Santall">
Santall

Santall may refer to three English cricketers of the same family:

</doc>
<doc id="20151726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151726" title="Aleksandr Maseikov">
Aleksandr Maseikov

Aleksandr Maseikov (Sometimes listed as Aleksandr Maseykov, born June 26, 1971 in Mogilev, Belarusian SSR), is a Soviet-born Belarusian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s (decade). Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won a gold in the C-2 500 m event at Barcelona in 1992 representing the Unified Team.
Maseikov also won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (C-2 200 m: 1994, C-4 200 m: 1997) and one silver (C-4 200 m: 1998).

</doc>
<doc id="20151752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151752" title="Lexington class">
Lexington class

Lexington class could refer to two classes of ships of the U.S. Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="20151756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151756" title="Benjamin Police">
Benjamin Police

Benjamin Police (born 19 May 1988) is a French professional footballer who plays as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="20151779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151779" title="Tribal King">
Tribal King

Tribal King is a French duet composed of David (born on April 2, 1979, in Mulhouse, France) and Nony (born on June 19, 1984, in Müllheim, Germany). Both are from Mulhouse, then Belfort. Their music is a mixture of pop / R&B and reggae dancehall.
Biography.
The group was established in August 2005 during a party in a club in Altkirch (Haut-Rhin).
The first single of the band was "Façon Sex", which was atop of the singles chart for five weeks during 2006 summer in France. The first album, entitled "Welcome", was released on October 2, 2006.
The group participeted in the show Star Academy, broadcast on TF1 on September 29, 2006.
Back in the 2008 summer, the band released the single "Hands Up", spronsored by Fun Radio. A new album, "Level 2" is currently recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="20151788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151788" title="Dmitri Dovgalenok">
Dmitri Dovgalenok

Dmitri Dovgalenok (Sometimes listed as Dmitry Dovgalenok, born 14 December 1971), is a Soviet-born Belarusian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s (decade). Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a gold in the C-2 500 m event at Barcelona in 1992 representing the Unified Team.
Dovgalenok also won a gold medal in the C-2 200 m event at the 1994 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="20151803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151803" title="Helophilus trivittatus">
Helophilus trivittatus

Helophilus trivittatus is a European hoverfly.

</doc>
<doc id="20151823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151823" title="Tell Me on a Sunday (album)">
Tell Me on a Sunday (album)

Tell Me on a Sunday was the first solo album released by Marti Webb.
All tracks were written by Andrew Lloyd Webber and Don Black and told the story of an English girl who has emigrated to the United States and embarks on a succession of romances. The music later formed the first half of a stage show called "Song and Dance", in which Webb also starred.
Background.
As well as composing the piece, Lloyd Webber also arranged and produced the album. Released in 1980, having been recorded in the latter part of 1979, it was one of his first pieces of work to be published by his own Really Useful Company, which he had formed three years earlier.
The musicians were mainly those that had been involved with the Variations. American musical theatre actress Elaine Stritch performed a cameo role as an answering service attendee on the track "Capped Teeth and Caesar Salad".
The first single to be released, "Take That Look Off Your Face" reached No.3 in the UK chart in February 1980, while the title track was a minor hit some months later. The album itself was one of the biggest selling albums of the year, when it reached No.2, spending 23 weeks on the chart - 8 of them in the top 10. The album was re-issued on Compact disc in 1993.
The songs on the album were recorded live in 1982 and released as "Song and Dance" with some additions.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
Personnel.
Lloyd Webber re-assembled many of the musicians who had contributed to his earlier "Variations" album, for which he arranged Paganini's caprice for his brother Julian Lloyd Webber's cello, including jazz multi-instrumentalist Barbara Thompson and her husband, drummer Jon Hiseman. Gary Moore engineered the 1987 digital transfer for the album's first release on compact disc.
The London Philharmonic Orchestra, conducted by Harry Rabinowitz, which had earlier played on Lloyd Webber's concept album of "Evita", also performed on the tracks "Tell Me on a Sunday" and "It's Not the End of the World (If He's Married)".

</doc>
<doc id="20151825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151825" title="Quirks (song)">
Quirks (song)

"Quirks" is the fourth single of New Wave band Ultravox!. It was released by Island Records in 1977, and came along the initial copies of the second album "Ha!-Ha!-Ha!", being a limited edition.
The song "Quirks" (Side A), was a power pop oriented song in the style of the 'Ha!-Ha!-Ha!' album.
The b-side, "Modern Love", was a live song played many times during 1976 and the first part of 1977, during the "Ultravox!" album tour. It was a power pop and more glam oriented song. It was demoed in the studio, according to drummer Warren Cann.

</doc>
<doc id="20151836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151836" title="Kristin Korb">
Kristin Korb

Kristin Korb is an American jazz upright bassist and vocalist.
Biography.
Korb studied at Eastern Montana College and the University of California, San Diego. She also studied with Ray Brown, with whom she made her recording debut, released in 1996.
Since moving to Los Angeles in 2002, she has performed across North America. She taught at Azuza Pacific and University Southern California, where she was coordinator of vocal jazz studies. After getting married in July 2011 to a Dane, Morten Stove, Co-Founder of DPA Microphones, she moved to Copenhagen, Denmark.
She has performed and recorded with jazz artists such as Llew Mathews, Kim Richmond, Steve Barnes, Ray Brown, Jeff Hamilton, Bruce Forman, Jan Lundgren, Alex Riel, Harry Allen, Aaron Serfaty, Otmaro Ruiz, Mary Fettig, Jacob Fischer. Her current band consists of Snorre Kirk (dr) and Magnus Hjorth (pn).

</doc>
<doc id="20151844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151844" title="Blindpassasjer">
Blindpassasjer

Blindpassasjer (Eng. title: Marco Polo) was a Norwegian science fiction TV-series from 1978. It aired 3 episodes. 'Blindpassasjer' translates to 'Stowaway' in English, although its literal translation is 'Blind Passenger'.
A spaceship has 5 crew members. An alien kills one of the crew members which is replaced by a copy, but who is it?
Blindpassasjer is noteworthy for being the first science fiction series to air on Norwegian TV. It also has a plot that is conspicuously similar to Ridly Scott's film 'Alien' that came to cinemas the year after Blindpassasjer aired. 

</doc>
<doc id="20151856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151856" title="Helophilus hybridus">
Helophilus hybridus

Helophilus hybridus is a European hoverfly.

</doc>
<doc id="20151862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151862" title="Julius Brach">
Julius Brach

Julius Brach (9 January 1881, Brno – 4 July 1938, Vyškov, Moravia) was a Czech chess master.
In the beginning of his career, he won at Brno 1899, took 3rd at Osyky u Lomnice, took 2nd at Brno 1901, and took 3rd at Brno 1905. He tied for 5-6th at Nuremberg 1906 (the 15th DSB Congress, "Hauptturnier A", Savielly Tartakower won), and shared 2nd at Brno 1907 (the 2nd Czech Chess Championship, František Treybal won).
He won at Brno 1908, tied for 8-9th at Prague 1908 (B tournament, Karel Treybal won), took 2nd at Brno 1909, and took 6th at Prague 1909 (the 3rd CZE-ch, Oldřich Duras won). In 1909, he played three matches in Brno; drew with Karel Hromádka (3 : 3), beat A. Perna (4 : 0), and defeated M. Gargulak (2.5 : 0.5). He took 2nd at Brno 1911, tied for 5-7th at Breslau 1912 (the 18th DSB Congress, "Hauptturnier B", Paul Krüger), won at Brno 1913, and won in the Mannheim 1914 chess tournament (the 19th DSB Congress, "Hauptturnier B").
During World War I, he shared 3rd at Brünn (Brno) 1916, won at Brno 1917, and tied for 9-11th at Kaschau (Košice) 1918 (Richard Réti won). After the war, he won at Brno 1920, tied for 8-9th at Brno 1921 (the 2nd Czechoslovak Chess Championship, Hromádka won), took 3rd at Pistyan (Piešťany) 1922 (B tournament, Endre Steiner won), tied for 9-11th at Znojmo 1927 (Karel Opočenský won), and took 8th at Olomouc 1930 (Karl Gilg won).

</doc>
<doc id="20151888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151888" title="Helophilus affinis">
Helophilus affinis

Helophilus affinis is a European hoverfly.

</doc>
<doc id="20151903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151903" title="Nigel Carrington">
Nigel Carrington

Nigel Carrington became Vice-Chancellor of University of the Arts London in September 2008.
He graduated with a law degree from St John's College, Oxford, in 1978 and worked as an international lawyer with Baker & McKenzie from 1979 to 2000. He was appointed Managing Partner of the London office at the age of 38, and was also a Member of the firm’s International Executive Committee, and Chairman of its European and Middle East Regional Council. In 2000, he joined the McLaren Group as Managing Director, becoming Deputy Chairman in 2005.In 2007, he left McLaren and took a career break to complete a Graduate Diploma in the History Art at the Courtauld Institute.
He is a Governor of North London Collegiate School, and a Trustee of The English Concert. Previous positions held include Non-Executive Director of University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust (2005-2008), Trustee of Crisis (2005-2011), and Trustee of Independent Opera (2006-2010).

</doc>
<doc id="20151936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151936" title="List of maritime disasters">
List of maritime disasters

A maritime disaster is an event which usually involves a ship or ships and can involve military action. Because of the nature of maritime travel, there is often a large loss of life. This list covers those disasters where 30 or more lives were lost.
Notable disasters.
The sinking of in 1912, with 1,517 fatalities, is probably the most famous shipwreck, but not the biggest in terms of life lost. The wartime sinking of the in January 1945 in World War II by a Soviet Navy submarine, with an estimated loss of about 9,500 people, remains the greatest maritime disaster ever. In peacetime, the 1987 loss of the ferry , with an estimated 4,341 dead, is the largest non-military loss recorded involving a single ship.
Peacetime disasters.
Many maritime disasters happen outside the realms of war. All ships, including those of the military, are vulnerable to problems from weather conditions, faulty design or human error. Some of the disasters below occurred in periods of conflict, although their losses were unrelated to any military action. The table listings are in descending order of the magnitude of casualties suffered.
Wartime disasters.
Disasters with high losses of life can occur in times of armed conflict. Shown below are some of the known events with major losses.

</doc>
<doc id="20151949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151949" title="Cetyl myristoleate">
Cetyl myristoleate

Cetyl myristoleate is a chemical compound which is a type of fatty acid ester or, more specifically, a cetylated fatty acid (CFA). It is the cetyl ester of myristoleic acid. Although it is used as a dietary supplement, there is little clinical evidence to support a benefit for any medical condition.
Synthesis.
Cetyl myristoleate has been prepared by an esterification reaction between myristoleic acid and cetyl alcohol in benzene, catalyzed by "p"-toluenesulfonic acid monohydrate.
Animal pharmacology.
In animal studies, cetyl myristoleate was first reported to block inflammation and prevent adjuvant-induced arthritis at very high doses in rats. Other studies using identical and similar methods have failed to replicate this effect. In follow-up studies in mice, a modest anti-inflammatory effect was observed.
Study in humans.
Although cetyl myristoleate is sold as a dietary supplement, its possible benefits in the treatment of any medical condition are largely unknown and the Federal Trade Commission has taken legal action against supplement manufacturers for exaggerated claims.
There is some clinical evidence for the benefits of CFAs, which may contain cetyl myristoleate, in arthritic patients. One pilot study found that cetyl myristoleate may be beneficial against fibromyalgia. However, these low-quality clinical trials provide only limited scientific evidence of efficacy.

</doc>
<doc id="20151959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151959" title="Photographic lens design">
Photographic lens design

The design of photographic lenses for use in still or cine cameras is intended to produce a lens that yields the most acceptable rendition of the subject being photographed within a range of constraints that include cost, weight and materials. For many other optical devices such as telescopes, microscopes and theodolite where the visual image is observed but often not recorded the design can often be significantly simpler than is the case in a camera where every image is captured on film or image sensor and can be subject to detailed scrutiny at a later stage. Photographic lenses also include those used in enlargers and projectors.
Design.
Design requirements.
From the perspective of the photographer, the ability of a lens to capture sufficient light so that the camera can operate over a wide range of lighting conditions is important. Designing a lens that reproduces colour accurately is also important as is the production of an evenly lit and sharp image over the whole of the film or sensor plane.
For the lens designer, achieving these objectives will also involve ensuring that internal flare, optical aberrations and weight are all reduced to the minimum whilst zoom, focus and aperture functions all operate smoothly and predictably.
However, because photographic films and electronic sensors have a finite and measurable resolution, photographic lenses are not always designed for maximum possible resolution since the recording medium would not be able to record the level of detail that the lens could resolve. For this, and many other reasons, camera lenses are unsuited for use as projector or enlarger lenses.
The design of a fixed focal length lens (also known as "prime lenses") presents fewer challenges than the design of a zoom lens. A high quality prime lens whose focal length is about equal to the diameter of the film frame or sensor may be constructed from as few as four separate lens elements, often as pairs on either side of the aperture diaphragm. Good examples includes the Zeiss Tessar or the Leitz Elmar.
Design constraints.
To be useful in photography any lens must be able to fit the camera for which it is intended and this will physically limit the size where the bayonet mounting or screw mounting is to be located.
Photography is a highly competitive commercial business and both weight and cost constrain the production of lenses.
Refractive materials such as glass have physical limitations which limit the performance of lenses. In particular the range of refractive indices available in commercial glasses span a very narrow range. Since it is the refractive index that determines how much the rays of light are bent at each interface and since it is the differences in refractive indices in paired plus and minus lenses that constrains the ability to minimise chromatic aberrations, having only a narrow spectrum of indices is a major design constraint.
Lens elements.
Except for the most simple and inexpensive lenses, each complete lens is made up from a number of separate lens elements arranged along a common axis. The use of many lens elements serves to minimise aberrations and to provide a sharp image free from visible imperfections. To do this requires lens elements of different compositions and different shapes. To minimise chromatic aberrations, e. g., in which different wavelengths of light are refracted to different degrees, requires, at a minimum, a doublet of lens elements with a positive element having a high Abbe number matched with a negative element of lower Abbe number. With this design one can achieve a good degree of convergence of different wavelengths in the visible spectrum. Most lens designs do not attempt to bring infrared wavelengths to the same common focus and it is therefore necessary to manually alter the focus when photographing in infrared light. Other kinds of aberrations like coma or astigmatism can also be minimized by combining different lens elements. Complex photographic lenses can consist of more than 15 lens elements.
Most lens elements are made with curved surfaces with a spherical profile. That is the curved shape would fit on the surface of a sphere. This is partly to do with the history of lens making but also because grinding and manufacturing of spherical surface lenses is relatively simple and cheap. However, spherical surfaces also give rise to lens aberrations and can lead to complicated lens designs of great size. Higher quality lenses with fewer elements and lower size can be achieved by using aspheric lenses in which the curved surfaces are not spherical, giving more degrees of freedom to correct aberrations.
Lens glass.
The majority of photographic lenses have the lens elements made from glass although the use of high quality plastics is becoming more common in high quality lenses and has been common in inexpensive cameras for some time. The design of photographic lenses is very demanding as designers push the limits of existing materials to make more versatile, better quality and lighter lenses. As a consequence many exotic glasses have been used in modern lens manufacturing. Caesium and lanthanum glass lenses are now in use because of their high refractive index and very low dispersion properties. It is also likely that a number of other transition element glasses are in use but manufacturers often prefer to keep their material specification secret to retain a commercial or performance edge over their rivals.
Focus.
Until recent years focusing of a camera lens to achieve a sharp image on the film plane was achieved by means of a very shallow helical thread in the lens mount through which the lens could be rotated moving it closer or further from the film plane. This arrangement whilst simple to design and construct has some limitations not least the rotation of the greater part of the lens assembly including the front element. This could be problematical if devices such as polarising filters were in use that require to maintain an accurate vertical orientation irrespective of focus distance.
Later developments adopted designs in which internal elements were moved to achieve focus without affecting the outer barrel of the lens or the orientation of the front element.
Many modern cameras now use automatic focusing mechanisms which use ultrasonic motors to move internal elements in the lens to achieve optimum focus.
Aperture control.
The aperture control, usually a multi-leaf diaphragm, is critical to the performance of a lens. The role of the aperture is to control the amount of light passing through the lens to the film or sensor plane. An aperture placed outside of the lens, as in the case of some Victorian cameras, risks vignetting of the image in which the corners of the image are darker than the centre. A diaphragm too close to the image plane risks the diaphragm itself being recorded as a circular shape or at the very least causing diffraction patterns at small apertures. In most lens designs the aperture is positioned about mid-way between the front surface of the objective and the image plane. In some zoom lenses it is placed some distance away from the ideal location in order to accommodate the movement of floating lens elements needed to perform the zoom function.
Most modern lenses for 35mm format rarely provide a stop smaller than f/22 because of the diffraction effects caused by light passing through a very small aperture. As diffraction is based on aperture width in absolute terms rather than the f-stop ratio, lenses for very small formats common in compact cameras rarely go above f/11 (1/1.8") or f/8 (1/2.5"), while lenses for medium- and large-format provide f/64 or f/128.
Very large aperture lenses designed to be useful in very low light conditions with apertures ranging from f/1.2 to f/0.9 are generally restricted to lenses of standard focal length because of the size and weight problems that would be encountered in telephoto lenses and the difficulty of building a very wide aperture wide angle lens with the refractive materials currently available. Very large aperture lenses are commonly made for other types of optical instruments such as microscopes but in such cases the diameter of the lens is very small and weight is not an issue.
Many very early cameras had diaphragms external to the lens often consisting of a rotating circular plate with a number of holes of increasing size drilled through the plate. Rotating the plate would bring an appropriate sized hole in front of the lens. All modern lenses use a multi-leaf diaphragm so that at the central intersection of the leaves a more or less circular aperture is formed. Either a manual ring, or an electronic motor controls the angle of the diaphragm leaves and thus the size of the opening.
The placement of the diaphragm within the lens structure is constrained by the need to achieve even illumination over the whole film plane at all apertures and the requirement to not interfere with the movement of any movable lens element. Typically the diaphragm is situated at about the level of the optical centre of the lens.
Shutter mechanism.
A shutter controls the length of time light is allowed to pass through the lens onto the film plane. For any given light intensity, the more sensitive the film or detector or the wider the aperture the shorter the exposure time need to be to maintain the optimal exposure.
In the earliest camera exposures were controlled by moving a rotating plate from in front of the lens and then replacing it. Such a mechanism only works effectively for exposures of several seconds or more and carries a considerable risk of inducing camera shake. By the end of the 19th century spring tensioned shutter mechanisms were in use operated by a lever or by a cable release. Some simple shutters continued to be placed in front of the lens but most were incorporated within the lens mount itself.
Such lenses with integral shutter mechanisms developed in the current Compur shutter as used in many non-reflex cameras such as Linhof. These shutters have a number of metal leaves that spring open and then close after a pre-determined interval. The material and design constraints limit the shortest speed to about 0.002 second. Although such shutters cannot yield as short an exposure time as focal plane shutter they are able to offer flash synchronisation at all speeds.
Incorporating a commercial made Compur type shutter required lens designers to accommodate the width of the shutter mechanism in the lens mount and provide for the means of triggering the shutter on the lens barrel or transferring this to the camera body by a series of levers as in the Minolta twin lens cameras.
The need to accommodate the shutter mechanism within the lens barrel limited the design of wide-angle lenses and it was not until the widespread use of focal plane shutters that extreme wide-angle lenses were developed.
Types of lenses.
The type of lens being designed is significant in setting the key parameters.
Enlarger lenses.
Lenses used in photographic enlargers are required to focus light passing through a relatively small film area on a larger area of photographic paper or film. Requirements for such lenses include
The design of the lens is required to work effectively with light passing from near focus to far focus - exactly the reverse of a camera lens. This demands that internal light baffling within the lens is designed differently and that the individual lens elements are designed to maximize performance for this change of direction of incident light.
Projector lenses.
Projector lenses share many of the design constraints as enlarger lenses but with some critical differences. Projector lenses are always used at full aperture and must produce an acceptably illuminated and acceptably sharp image at full aperture.
However, because projected images are almost always viewed at some distance, lack of very fine focus and slight unevenness of illumination is often acceptable. Projector lenses have to be very tolerant of prolonged high temperatures from the projector lamp and frequently have a focal length much longer than the taking lens. This allows the lens to be positioned at a greater distance from the illuminated film and allows an acceptable sized image with the projector some distance from the screen. It also permits the lens to be mounted in a relatively coarsely threaded focusing mount so that the projectionist can quickly correct any focusing errors.
History.
The lenses of the very earliest cameras were simple meniscus or simple bi convex lenses. It was not until 1840 that Chevalier in France introduced the achromatic lens formed by cementing a crown glass bi-convex lens to a flint glass plano-concave lens.
By 1841 Voigtländer working with Joseph Petzval in Austria developed the first true two element lens.
Carl Zeiss was an entrepreneur who needed a competent designer to take his firm beyond just another optical workshop. In 1866, the service of Dr Ernst Abbe was enlisted. From then on novel products appeared in rapid succession which brought the Zeiss company to the forefront of optical technology.
Abbe was instrumental in the development of the famous Jena optical glass. When he was trying to eliminate astigmatism from microscopes, he realised that the range of optical glasses available was insufficient. After some calculations, he realised that performance of optical instruments would dramatically improve, if optical glasses of appropriate properties were available. His challenge to glass manufacturers was finally answered by Dr Otto Schott, who established the famous glassworks at Jena from which new types of optical glass began to appear from 1888, and employed by Zeiss and other makers.
The new Jena optical glass also opened up the possibility of increased performance of photographic lenses. The first use of Jena glass in a photographic lens was by Voigtländer, but as the lens was an old design its performance was not greatly improved. Subsequently the new glasses would demonstrate their value in correcting astigmatism, and in the production of achromatic and apochromatic lenses. Abbé started the design of a photographic lens of symmetrical design with five elements, but went no further.
Zeiss' innovative photographic lens design was due to Dr Paul Rudolph. In 1890, Rudolph designed an asymmetrical lens with a cemented group at each side of the diaphragm, and appropriately named "Anastigmat". This lens was made in three series: Series III, IV and V, with maximum apertures of f/7.2, f/12.5, and f/18 respectively. In 1891, Series I, II and IIIa appeared with respective maximum apertures of f/4.5, f/6.3, and f/9 and in 1893 came Series IIa of f/8 maximum aperture. These lenses are now better known by the trademark "Protar" which was first used in 1900.
At the time, single combination lenses, which occupy one side of the diaphragm only, were still popular. Rudolph designed one with three cemented elements in 1893, with the option of fitting two of them together in a lens barrel as a compound lens, but it was found to be the same as the Dagor by C.P. Goerz, designed by Emil von Hoegh. Rudolph then came up with a single combination with four cemented elements, which can be considered as having all the elements of the Protar stuck together in one piece. Marketed in 1894, it was called the Protarlinse Series VII, the most highly corrected single combination lens with maximum apertures between f/11 and f/12.5, depending on its focal length.
But the important thing about this Protarlinse is that two of these lens units can be mounted in the same lens barrel to form a compound lens of even greater performance and larger aperture, between f/6.3 and f/7.7. In this configuration it was called the Double Protar Series VIIa. An immense range of focal lengths can thus be obtained by the various combination of Protarlinse units.
Rudolph also investigated the Double-Gauss concept of a symmetrical design with thin positive meniscii enclosing negative elements. The result was the Planar Series Ia of 1896, with maximum apertures up to f/3.5, one of the fastest lenses of its time. Whilst it was very sharp, it suffered from coma which limited its popularity. However, further developments of this configuration made it the design of choice for high-speed lenses of standard coverage.
Probably inspired by the Stigmatic lenses designed by Hugh Aldis for Dallmeyer of London, Rudolph designed a new asymmetrical lens with four thin elements, the Unar Series Ib, with apertures up to f/4.5. Due to its high speed it was used extensively on hand cameras.
The most important Zeiss lens by Rudolph was the Tessar, first sold in 1902 in its Series IIb f/6.3 form. It can be said as a combination of the front half of the Unar with the rear half of the Protar. This proved to be a most valuable and flexible design, with tremendous development potential. Its maximum aperture was increased to f/4.7 in 1917, and reached f/2.7 in 1930. It is probable that every lens manufacturer has produced lenses of the Tessar configuration.
Rudolph left Zeiss after the First World War, but many other competent designers such as Merté, Wandersleb, etc. kept the firm at the leading edge of photographic lens innovations. One of the most significant designer was the ex-Ernemann man Dr Ludwig Bertele, famed for his Ernostar high-speed lens.
With the advent of the Contax by Zeiss-Ikon, the first serious challenge to the Leica in the field of professional 35 mm cameras, both Zeiss-Ikon and Carl Zeiss decided to beat the Leica in every possible way. Bertele's Sonnar series of lenses designed for the Contax were the match in every respect for the Leica for at least two decades. Other lenses for the Contax included the Biotar, Biogon, Orthometar, and various Tessars and Triotars.
The last important Zeiss innovation before the Second World War was the technique of applying anti-reflective coating to lens surfaces invented by Olexander Smakula in 1935. A lens so treated was marked with a red "T", short for "Transparent". The technique of applying multiple layers of coating was also described in the original patent writings in 1935.
After the partitioning of Germany, a new Carl Zeiss optical company was established in Oberkochen, while the original Zeiss firm in Jena continued to operate. At first both firms produced very similar lines of products, and extensively cooperated in product-sharing, but they drifted apart as time progressed. Jena's new direction was to concentrate on developing lenses for the 35 mm single-lens reflex camera, and many achievements were made, especially in ultra-wide angle designs. In addition to that, Oberkochen also worked on designing lenses for large format cameras, interchangeable front element lenses such as for the 35 mm single-lens reflex Contaflex, and other types of cameras.
Since the beginning of Zeiss as a photographic lens manufacturer, it has had a licensing programme which allows other manufacturers to produce its lenses. Over the years its licensees included Voigtländer, Bausch & Lomb, Ross, Koristka, Krauss, Kodak. etc. In the 1970s, the western operation of Zeiss-Ikon got together with Yashica to produce the new Contax cameras, and many of the Zeiss lenses for this camera, among others, were produced by Yashica's optical arm, Tomioka. Yashica's owner Kyocera ended camera production in 2006. Yashica lenses were then made by Cosina, who also manufactured most of the new Zeiss designs for the new Zeiss Ikon coupled rangefinder camera. Another licensee active today is Sony who uses the Zeiss name on lenses on its video and digital still cameras.

</doc>
<doc id="20151972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151972" title="Frank Robinson (ice hockey)">
Frank Robinson (ice hockey)

Major Frank Robinson was an ice hockey executive and soldier. He was an owner of the Toronto Blueshirts ice hockey team and later, president of the National Hockey Association (NHA), predecessor organization of the National Hockey League (NHL).
National Hockey Association.
In 1911, Robinson, Toronto businessman Percy Quinn and other investors purchased an NHA franchise from Ambrose O'Brien, founder of the NHA. In 1912-13, the team, the Toronto Professional Hockey Club, or Toronto Blueshirts as they were nicknamed took to the ice. In 1913-14, the club won the NHA championship and the Stanley Cup. In 1916, Quinn and Robinson sold the franchise to Eddie Livingstone, owner of the Toronto Ontarios/Shamrocks.
Robinson was elected president of the NHA after the resignation of Emmett Quinn in October 1916. Robinson would only serve as president of the league for one year. During his term, bickering between team owners led to the suspension of the Toronto franchise and its players taken by the other franchises. Robinson opposed the moves of the owners and resigned due to his position being ineffective.

</doc>
<doc id="20151985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151985" title="Corinna Halke">
Corinna Halke

Corinna Halke-Teichmann (b. July 9, 1957 in Dortmund) is a German former pair skater and current sport journalist.
With partner Eberhard Rausch, she is the 1974-1976 German national champion. They competed five times at the European Figure Skating Championships and the World Figure Skating Championships. They placed 10th at the 1972 Winter Olympics and 8th at the 1976 Winter Olympics.
After retirement from competitive skating in 1981, she became sport journalist. She has worked for the Bayerischen Rundfunk and for the German TV-station ARD since 1984.
She is married. The couple has one child.

</doc>
<doc id="20151986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151986" title="Harold O'Neil">
Harold O'Neil

Harry O’Neil’s interest in technology began at Florida State University, where, in the late 1960s, he obtained his degree in experimental psychology, conducting research in their computer-assisted instruction laboratory. He moved to the University of Texas at Austin, where he co-directed their computer-assisted instruction lab and attained tenure. In 1975, he was recruited to join the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), where he ran a program on computer-based learning, including PLATO IV (the state-of-the-art computer-assisted instruction system with “600 terminals online at the same time”). From 1978 to 1985 he served in various roles at the Army Research Institute for Behavioral and Social Sciences (ARI). As Director of the Training Research Laboratory, he managed an in-house staff of 200 and contract R&D program. He was a member of the Senior Executive Service (less than .01% of U.S. Army civilian personnel held this status). His research program emphasized technology development and included interactive technologies, simulation-based training systems, and intelligent tutoring systems as well as the Job Skills Education Program, a computer-based basic skills program. His emphasis was on R&D that could be implemented in Army education and training.
In the mid 1980s, O’Neil left government service and assumed a position as Full Professor of Educational Psychology and Technology in the Rossier School of Education at the University of Southern California. At USC, he has been active in the development of technology-based student assessment approaches involving public schools through a research relationship with UCLA/CRESST. His work has emphasized computer-based assessment of workforce readiness in the area of team skills and collaborative problem-solving skills. He designed and managed a major study of motivation on the Third International Mathematics and Science Study (TIMSS), conducted for the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES). He also co-authored articles on assessment and equity. With his graduate students at USC, he conducts research on the development of both trait and state measures of effort, anxiety, self-efficacy, and metacognition. He directs USC dissertations involving data collection in Korea, Malaysia and Taiwan. His USC activities also involved multimedia strategic planning (e.g., distance learning) and assessment of faculty and organizational productivity, as well as evaluation of games. His current interests involve the teaching and assessment of self-regulation skills (including self and peer assessment), use of games for training, and the impact of motivation on testing.
In the training research area, he continues his interests in high technology with consulting relationships with the Institute for Defense Analyses in the area of evaluation and technology planning. He was a member of the Army Science Board (1994–2001). He was a member of the Defense Science Board Task Force on Training for Future Conflicts. He is a Fellow of the American Psychological Association and a Certified Performance Technologist (CPT).
A prolific writer, in addition to numerous articles, chapters, professional papers, and reports, he has recently co-edited four books: "What Works in Distance Learning: Guidelines" (2005), "Web-Based Learning: Theory, Research, and Practice" (2006), "Assessment of Problem Solving Using Simulations" (2008), and "Computer Games and Team and Adult Learning" (2008).

</doc>
<doc id="20151988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20151988" title="Everyday Demons">
Everyday Demons

"Everyday Demons" is the second studio album by Irish rock band The Answer. It was released on 2 March 2009 in the UK and 31 March 2009 in the US.
On 28 January 2009, the album leaked onto the internet. The special 2CD version of this album includes a whole concert recorded live at the Shibuya-AX in Tokyo, Japan, on 27 March 2007 as an audio on the second CD.
The album entered the UK Albums Chart at #25.
Song information.
Demon Eyes.
According to Cormac Neeson, "Demon Eyes" is "basically about the two-faced motherf—kers in this world who think they're the dog's bollocks. They pretend to be your friend but the whole time they're looking down on you in a very f—king condescending way and then going round the corner and slagging you off behind your back."
"Demon Eyes" was iTunes "Single of the Week" for the week beginning March 10, 2009.
Too Far Gone.
"Too Far Gone" was written in response to then-Prime Minister Tony Blair's plans to introduce ID cards in the UK. In Neeson's opinion, "they might as well attach tracking devices on to everybody so they know exactly where everybody's going at every moment of the day."
On and On.
Neeson explained in a Kerrang! interview that "On and On", the first single to be released from "Everyday Demons", is "about stepping up to the challenges that everyday life throws at you."
Cry Out.
Cormac Neeson notes that "Cry Out" is an attempt to "capture the spirit of youth, that kinda feeling when you're young". The song's lyrics reference "Troublegum" and "Take the Power Back", by Therapy? and Rage Against the Machine, respectively, two bands favoured by Neeson in his youth.
Why'd You Change Your Mind.
"Why'd You Change Your Mind" relates, to a certain degree, to Neeson's efforts to comprehend why a friend of his chose to commit suicide. Neeson explains: "In the chorus of the song I'm just trying to understand what goes through a person's mind and why they should take their own life."
Pride.
"Pride" pertains to Neeson's time working in a bar in Ireland, where "you'd see a lot of really beautiful young women coming into the bar and kinda drink themselves away all day and end up going home with some kind of f—king lowlife motherf—ker, who was just hanging around the bars waiting to pick up women like that. I just remember thinking these girls don't need to do that. They're beautiful, intelligent and they deserve a lot better."
Walkin' Mat.
Cormac Neeson explains that "Walkin' Mat" is about "the world we're living in at the minute, the one that as you know yourself has the shallow music industry parties that you've got to go to, and everybody's a smiling face and a compliment and you have to really see through that. There's just some point along the way you just get sick of it. You're just talking like that because you're off your face on coke and you don't mean what you're saying." Neeson notes the influence of The Black Crowes and AC/DC on this track.
Tonight.
According to Neeson, "Tonight", the album's second single, is about the "simple philosophy" of "meeting a girl and taking her out and letting the f—king fireworks commence."
Dead of the Night.
"Dead of the Night" is about how the band views itself, both at home in Belfast, and around the world. Neeson explains, "When you're away from home you almost start to paint a prettier picture of where you're from, whether it's homesickness or just missing your local pub and friends. When you get back there and you're like, okay, this is the reality, this is the way it is, and that's cool too."
Comfort Zone.
Cormac Neeson states that "Comfort Zone" is simply "about stepping out of your comfort zone and taking a chance. I'm a firm believer that you really benefit from taking the riskier decision." It was the third, and final, single released from "Everyday Demons", its video having been released on November 4, 2009.
Evil Man.
According to Neeson, "Evil Man" portrays the story of "a girl I know that went to a bar one night and got her drink spiked by one of those date rape drugs. Luckily enough, she got away unscathed." Neeson suggests that the perpetrators of such actions "are f—king scum of the earth." The song is sung from the perspective of the man, "which gives the song a bit of a twist as well."

</doc>
<doc id="20152007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152007" title="Kingston Orpheus Choir">
Kingston Orpheus Choir

Kingston Orpheus Choir is an amateur mixed voice choir which rehearses at St John the Evangelist Church in Kingston upon Thames.
It was formed as the Kingston Orpheus Society in 1944 by George Anderson, who continued as conductor until his final concert on 2 May 1981 at Kingston Parish Church. George Anderson was a senior salesman for Hawker Aircraft Ltd. 
Susan Higgins succeeded George as Musical Director in 1981. Higgins was succeeded by Ben Palmer in September 2007. David Condry succeeded Ben Palmer in January 2013. 
It is a member of Making Music, the National Federation of Music Societies.

</doc>
<doc id="20152011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152011" title="Holmboe (family)">
Holmboe (family)

Holmboe is a family which origin came from Denmark.
Family tree.
The family trees are not meant to be complete. It lists only the notable individuals of this family, as well as their ancestors.
Jens Holmboe line.
Below is a family tree that branches off from ancestor Jens Holmboe (bailiff).
Otto Holmboe line.
Below is a family tree that branches off from ancestor Otto Holmboe.
In addition, Arnold Holmboe (1873–1956) was a great-great-grandchild of Otto's first cousin.

</doc>
<doc id="20152017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152017" title="Humberht of the Tomsaete">
Humberht of the Tomsaete

Humberht (fl. 835-866) was an official among the Tomsaete, who was granted land in Derbyshire in return for what he would provide annually to Christ Church in Canterbury.

</doc>
<doc id="20152021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152021" title="Jérémy Bigot">
Jérémy Bigot

Jérémy Bigot (born 1 August 1983 in Versailles, France) is a professional ice hockey player, he is currently an attacker for the SO Chambéry.
Career.
Bigot made his professional debut for the Caen HC in France's Ligue Magnus in 2000. He played only one season in Caen before leaving for Nice where his two seasons saw the team rise from FFHG Division 2 to Division 1. Seasons 2003 and 2004 saw Bigot compete for Mulhouse in the Ligue Magnus before he returned to the minor leagues via the Lyon Hockey Club. Season 2008 is Bigot's fourth season in Lyon and joined in July 2009 to SO Chambéry.
International.
Bigot has been part of one national champion team, the 2004 Ligue Magnus Champion Mulhouse Scorpions.
Playing style.
Bigot is short, light and fast at only 176 cm and 76 kg and he plays left-handed.

</doc>
<doc id="20152023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152023" title="Henry Twist">
Henry Twist

Henry Twist (30 January 1870 – 16 May 1934) was a British miner's agent and Labour politician.
Twist was born at Platt Bridge, near Wigan, Lancashire, and after primary education at the local Wesleyan School, began employment at Bamfurlong coal mine at the age of eleven. At the age of thirty he became a checkweighman at the mine, having also been elected to the Wigan Rural District Council. In 1906 he succeeded Sam Woods as the area's agent for the Lancashire and Cheshire Miners' Federation, and was the organisation's vice-president in 1929. He subsequently served on the executive of the Miners' Federation of Great Britain.
Twist was twice elected to the House of Commons as a Labour member of parliament. At the January 1910 general election he became Wigan's first Labour MP. However he was defeated at the subsequent contest in December of the same year. At the 1922 general election he was returned as member for Leigh, another Lancashire coal-mining constituency. However he was forced to retire due to ill health and did not stand at the subsequent election in 1923.
Henry Twist died in Blackpool in May 1934, aged 64.

</doc>
<doc id="20152028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152028" title="Tomsaete">
Tomsaete

The Tomsaete or Tomsæte (dwellers of the Tame valley) were a tribe or clan in Anglo-Saxon England living in the valley of the River Tame in the West Midlands of England from around 500 and remaining around Tamworth throughout the existence of the Kingdom of Mercia.
An Anglo-Saxon charter of 849 describes an area of Cofton Hackett in the Lickey Hills south of Birmingham as "the boundary of the Tomsæte and the Pencersæte", and another charter of 835 describes Humberht as "Princeps of the Tomsæte", suggesting that the group retained its identity long after being subsumed into Mercia.

</doc>
<doc id="20152040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152040" title="Feering Halt railway station">
Feering Halt railway station

Feering Halt railway station was a station serving the village of Feering, Essex. It closed in 1951.
History.
The halt was opened by the London and North Eastern Railway on the line of the Kelvedon and Tollesbury Light Railway, which it had acquired at the 1923 Grouping as part of the Great Eastern Railway. It was closed with the line on 7 May 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="20152056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152056" title="Butts Ferry">
Butts Ferry

The Butts Ferry is a hand operated pedestrian cable ferry that crosses the River Exe in the city of Exeter in the English county of Devon. The crossing has been in use since at least 1641, but the name is more recent. The ferry is named after Mr George Butt, who fought to keep the ferry open when the City Council attempted to close it in 1971.
The ferry is currently operated using a long, aluminium hulled, ferry boat that was new in 2005. The boat is manually pulled along a cable across the river, which is some wide at this point, by its operator.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="20152066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152066" title="Kanuma Station">
Kanuma Station


</doc>
<doc id="20152073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152073" title="Tuscan Sun Festival">
Tuscan Sun Festival

The Tuscan Sun Festival is an annual music and lifestyle festival in Florence, the capital of Tuscany in Italy. "The Independent" called the festival “One of the Ten Best Summer Arts Festivals in Europe”.""
Described by the "International Herald-Tribune" as "a blend of Mozart and massages, Debussy and Dante, Tchaikovsky, and cuisine", the evening musical programme is balanced with daytime events including art exhibitions and culinary sessions with some of Tuscany’s chefs and winemakers. 
The Tuscan Sun Festival presents international soloists, conductors and chamber orchestras who perform in Florence's beautiful Teatro della Pergola.
From 2012, the Tuscan Sun Festival also includes a film initiative called Tribeca Firenze. As of February 7, 2013, the official website and this article have had no updates since June 2012 and no indication of a 2013 event.
History.
The Tuscan Sun Festival was founded in 2003 by Barrett Wissman, cellist Nina Kotova and writer Frances Mayes, whose bestselling books helped to make Tuscany a popular tourist destination. In its first year, the festival lasted 10 days; in 2004, it expanded to 15. Wissman has since branched the sun festival internationally, with a Festival del Sole beginning in 2006 in Napa Valley.
Performers.
Past festivals have included visits and performances by renowned artists such as Piotr Anderszewski, Joshua Bell, The Bolshoi Ballet, José Cura, Stéphane Denève, Anthony Hopkins, Jeremy Irons, Lang Lang, Danielle de Niese, Andrea Marcon and the Venice Baroque Orchestra, Ana Maria Martinez, Gabrielle Montero, Anna Netrebko, Antonio Pappano, Robert Redford, Sibylle Szaggars, Giuseppe Tornatore, Angela Gheorghiu, Barry Unsworth, Nina Stemme and Pinchas Zukerman. Poet Ed Mayes and painter Alberto Alfonso have exhibited their collaborative works in 2010 and 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20152088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152088" title="Carlos Toppings">
Carlos Toppings

Club career.
Toppings won the 1986 Primera Division de Costa Rica title with Puntarenas.
International career.
Toppings made 32 appearances for the full Costa Rica national football team from 1979 to 1984. He also played at the 1980 and 1984 Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20152093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152093" title="Eberhard Rausch">
Eberhard Rausch

Eberhard Rausch (b. December 11, 1947 in Mannheim) is a former German pair skater. 
With partner Corinna Halke, he is the 1974-1976 German national champion. They competed five times at the European Figure Skating Championships and the World Figure Skating Championships. They placed 10th at the 1972 Winter Olympics and 8th at the 1976 Winter Olympics. 
With partner Brunhilde Bassler, he is the 1970 German national champion.

</doc>
<doc id="20152118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152118" title="Tollesbury railway station">
Tollesbury railway station

Tollesbury railway station was a station in Tollesbury, Essex. It closed in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="20152133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152133" title="1959–60 Toronto Maple Leafs season">
1959–60 Toronto Maple Leafs season

The 1959–60 Toronto Maple Leafs season saw the Maple Leafs finish in second place in the National Hockey League (NHL) with a record of 35 wins, 26 losses, and 9 ties for 79 points. They defeated the Detroit Red Wings in six games in the Semi-finals before being swept by their arch-rivals, the Montreal Canadiens, in the Stanley Cup Finals.
Playoffs.
Montreal swept the Chicago Black Hawks in four games to reach the Final. In the other semi-final, Toronto defeated the Detroit Red Wings four games to two.
The Stanley Cup Final Series.
Montreal swept the Maple Leafs, outscoring them 15–5, en route to being the first team since the 1952 Detroit Red Wings to go without a loss in the playoffs.
After the series Rocket Richard retired. He went out with style, finishing with his 34th final-series goal in the third game.
Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Montreal Canadiens
"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"
Player stats.
Forwards.
"Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; AST= Assists; PTS = Points; PIM = Points"
Defencemen.
"Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; AST= Assists; PTS = Points; PIM = Points"
Goaltending.
"Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average"

</doc>
<doc id="20152141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152141" title="Martin Stoltz">
Martin Stoltz

Marty Stoltz born (Martin Eugene Stoltz), is an American video game Cinematic Director, Game Designer, Filmmaker, and Photographer best known for his cinematic work on "Mortal Kombat", "John Woo Presents Stranglehold", and for "".
Career.
Studying Photography at the Art Institute of Pittsburgh and Filmmaking at Pittsburgh Filmmakers, Stoltz began his career in the motion picture/multi-media industry working as a camera and editing assistant. In 1996 he joined the independent game developer DreamForge Intertainment as cut-scene director working on such titles as the award winning psychological horror adventure "Sanitarium". In 2002 he joined the Chicago video game developer Midway Games directing the cinematics for such games as the science fiction title "" as well as "". His last full title for Midway was the Hong Kong style action game "John Woo Presents Stranglehold". In 2007 he started as Cinematic Director at Lucas Arts for the much anticipated game "" which won the Screen Writers Guild best video game story award as well as the Interactive Achievement Awards Outstanding Achievement in Adapted Story for 2009. He worked at 38 Studios as Cinematic Director for EA's title "". After the games release he accepted as Realization Director with Ubisoft Entertainment at their famous Ubisoft Montreal Studio.
Stoltz has also spoken on game design and cinematics at several GDC conferences and as an invited speaker at the Montreal International Game Summit, FMX in Germany, and GDC China in Shanghai. He has also presented at a number of universities including the College of Creative Studies and the Savannah College of Art and Design.
Games.
Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning, 38 Studios
Star Wars: The Force Unleashed (2008), Lucas Arts
John Woo Presents Stranglehold (2007), Midway Games
Mortal Kombat Shaolin Monks (2005), Midway Games
Area 51 (2005), Inevitable Entertainment
Werewolf the Apocalypse: Heart of Gaia (1999), DreamForge Intertainment (Unreleased)
TNN Outdoors Pro Hunter (1998), DreamForge Intertainment
Sanitarium (1998), DreamForge Intertainment
War Wind (1996), DreamForge Intertainment

</doc>
<doc id="20152149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152149" title="Sewall, British Columbia">
Sewall, British Columbia

Sewall, sometimes incorrectly spelled Sewell, is an unincorporated locality located on the north shore of Masset Inlet, on Graham Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands of the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20152161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152161" title="Charca people">
Charca people

The Charca people were an indigenous peoples who spoke an Aymaran language that inhabited the Chuquisaca Department of Bolivia prior to the arrival of the Spaniards. They were subjects of the Inca Empire and suffered incursions of the Chiriguanos. 
Portuguese conquistador Aleixo Garcia is believed to be the first Caucasian person to make contact with the Charcas in the year 1505.
The city of Sucre was founded in 1538 in Charcas land.

</doc>
<doc id="20152177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152177" title="Won't Change Places">
Won't Change Places

"Won't Change Places" was the 1981 album released by Marti Webb as a follow-up to "Tell Me on a Sunday".
As with her previous album, the recording was produced by Andrew Lloyd Webber for the Polydor label. It included a recording of "Don't Cry for Me Argentina" from the musical Evita in which Webb was at the time appearing as Eva Perón.
The album featured the singles "Your Ears Should Be Burning Now" and "I've Been in Love Too Long". The album itself was released in early 1981. Of these, only the lead single "Your Ears Should Be Burning Now" was a chart hit. A few months later, another single was released by Webb titled "Unexpected Song", which was not featured on this album.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="20152221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152221" title="CS Chênois">
CS Chênois

Club Sportif Chênois is a Swiss association football club, playing in the Swiss 2. Liga Interregional..
History.
Formed in 1907 as FC Thônex, the club adopted its current name in 1924. The club competed in the Intertoto Cup in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20152234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152234" title="Thaxted railway station">
Thaxted railway station

Thaxted railway station served the village of Thaxted, Essex. It closed in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20152254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152254" title="Edwin Lascelles, 1st Baron Harewood">
Edwin Lascelles, 1st Baron Harewood

Edwin Lascelles, 1st Baron Harewood (1713, Barbados - 25 January 1795) was a West Indian plantation owner of English ancestry.
Life.
He was the son of Henry Lascelles (1690–1753) and Mary Carter. His father split the family fortune leaving Edwin's elder brother Daniel as head of the business whilst raising Edwin as a lord of the manor over their English estates. He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge and on a European Grand Tour, before fighting against the Jacobites (1745) and entering Parliament as MP for Scarborough from 1744 to 1754. He was later MP for Yorkshire from 1761 to 1780 and for Northallerton from 1780 to 1790 (inheriting the latter seat from his father Henry and his brother Daniel). By 1748 Edwin was installed as Lord of the Manor of Harewood and he built Harewood House from 1759 to 1771.
On Daniel's death childless in 1784 and their only other sibling Henry's death two years later, Edwin was left in sole charge of the fortune, to which he added 22 working plantations, more than of West Indian property and 2,947 slaves surrendered to planters' creditors as the planters defaulted on debts because of the American Revolutionary War, worth £293,000 (about £28.3 million today). A great many planters depended on their sale of sugar and molasses to the American colonies for income.
He was made Baron Harewood, of Harewood in the County of York on 9 July 1790 but died childless and the title became extinct. The fortune passed to Edward Lascelles (1740–1820), 1st Earl of Harewood.
Marriages.
He was first married to Elizabeth Dawes, daughter of Sir Darcy Dawes, 4th Baronet, on 5 January 1746/47. His second marriage was to Lady Jane Fleming, daughter of William Coleman and Jane Seymour, and widow of Sir John Fleming, 1st Baronet, on 31 March 1770.

</doc>
<doc id="20152280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152280" title="The Skin">
The Skin

The Skin () is a 1981 Italian war film directed by Liliana Cavani and starring Marcello Mastroianni, Ken Marshall, Claudia Cardinale and Burt Lancaster. It was entered into the 1981 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20152287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152287" title="Nogales, Veracruz">
Nogales, Veracruz

Nogales is a city in the mountainous western region of the Mexican state of Veracruz. It serves as the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of Nogales.
It is situated at , at an altitude of 1280 m. In the 2005 INEGI Census, the city reported a total population of 21113.
The name "Nogales" is the Spanish for walnut trees.
History.
This part of the future state of Veracruz was brought under Aztec sway in or around 1450 under Emperor Moctezuma Ilhuicamina. Following the Spanish conquest of Mexico, the area was awarded to the conquistador Ojeda el Tuerto. Ojeda introduced sugar cane into the area, and the San Juan Bautista Nogales sugar mill – one of the earliest, if not the very first on the American continent – was later established there.
In 1627, Rodrigo de Vivero y Aberrucia, owner of the sugar mill at the time, was named the First Count of the Valley of Orizaba by Philip III of Spain.
On 27 October 1812, during the War of Independence, the sugar mill was taken by surprise by General José María Morelos, who used it as a staging post for his attack on the royalist forces in Orizaba the next day.
On 14 June 1862, with the invading French army stationed in Orizaba, General Ignacio Zaragoza set up his headquarters in Nogales.
On 7 January 1907, in the years of tension leading up to the Mexican Revolution, Nogales textile workers protesting their treatment by French textile-mill owners were massacred by the federal troops of President Porfirio Díaz.
In 1910, Nogales was awarded the status of a town ("villa") and, in 1971, city status ("ciudad").

</doc>
<doc id="20152304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152304" title="List of podcasting companies">
List of podcasting companies

This is a list of notable podcast production and distribution companies. This includes both audio and video podcasts.

</doc>
<doc id="20152316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152316" title="Matteo di Andrea de' Pasti">
Matteo di Andrea de' Pasti

Matteo di Andrea de' Pasti (1420-1467/1468) was an Italian sculptor and medalist. 
Matteo was born in Verona. He worked on many royal commissions, including work for Lionello d'Este and Sigismondo Pandolfo Malatesta. Matteo collaborated with the architect Leone Battista Alberti on the design and construction of the Tempio Malatestiano in Rimini. Some of his works reside at the Cleveland Museum of Art and the British Museum He died in Rimini.

</doc>
<doc id="20152317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152317" title="2nd European Film Awards">
2nd European Film Awards

The 2nd Annual European Film Awards were given in 1989.
Winners and nominees.
Best European Actor.
'" Philippe Noiret - "Cinema Paradiso (Nuovo cinema Paradiso)" and "Life and Nothing But (La vie et rien d'autre)"
Best European Actress.
"' Ruth Sheen - "High Hopes"
Best European Cinematographer.
"' Ulf Brantas and Jörgen Persson - "The Women on the Roof (Kvinnorna pa taket)"
Best European Composer.
'" Andrew Dickson - "High Hopes"
Best European Director.
"' Géza Bereményi - "The Midas Touch (Eldorádó)" 
Best European Film.
'" "Landscape in the Mist (Topio stin omichli)"
Best European Screenwriter.
"' Maria Khmelik - "Little Vera (Malenkaya Vera)"
Best European Supporting Performance.
"' Edna Doré - "High Hopes"

</doc>
<doc id="20152323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152323" title="Henry Lascelles (1690–1753)">
Henry Lascelles (1690–1753)

Henry Lascelles (1690 – 16 October 1753) was an English-born Barbados plantation owner. He was the son of Daniel Lascelles (1655–1734) and Margaret Metcalfe. He was a director of the British East India Company 1737-45 and MP for Northallerton. He lived in his constituency and in Harewood.
Lascelles founded the firm of Lascelles and Maxwell, sugar factors, of Mark Lane, London; which on Maxwell's death in 1763 became Lascelles Clarke and Daling.
He and his first wife Mary (daughter of Edwin Carter, whom he married on 8 April 1712) left three surviving children, all of whom were born in Barbados:
His second marriage to Janet Whetstone in 1731 was childless.

</doc>
<doc id="20152345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152345" title="Nogales Municipality">
Nogales Municipality

Nogales Municipality may refer to:
In Mexico:

</doc>
<doc id="20152372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152372" title="Coat of arms of the Moldavian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic">
Coat of arms of the Moldavian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic

The coat of arms of the Moldavian ASSR was the official emblem of the Moldavian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic in the Soviet Union, and underwent a number of changes over time.
History.
Mid-1920s.
The first coat of arms was adopted in 1925, when the Congress of the Soviets of Ukraine approved on May 10 the Constitution of the Moldavian ASSR. Thus, in section VII, Article 48, the coat of arms was enacted as follows: -""the Moldavian ASSR has its flag and coat of arms, established by the Central Executive Committee and confirmed by the Moldavian Central Executive Committee of the whole Ukraine.""
In the meeting of the Presidium of the Central Executive Committee of the Moldavian ASSR, held on 4 September 1925, was decided that the organizational department of the Committee should organize a contest for designing the coat of arms and state flag of the Moldavian ASSR. The projects were to be evaluated by a committee composed of representatives of the Central Executive Committee, of the Agitprop, of the Popular Commissariat of Education and of the Council of trade unions in Moldova. There were established some prizes worth 50 ruble for the first place, 30 ruble for the second one and 20 ruble for third place.
Because of the lack of surviving documents, the results of the contest and the proposed designs are not known. A description of the selected model (which hasn't been found drawn anywhere) is included in the letter from 21 July 1927 of the permanent representative of the Moldavian ASSR near the Government of the Ukrainian SSR, Malcikov: ""from the outside, the coat of arms of the Moldavian ASSR shows a wreath of maize stalks and grapes, with a light blue interior over which is displayed a white label. The label contains the map of the Moldavian ASSR, united with Bessarabia. At the bottom of the map, in the center of the wreath, is rising a sun spreading shining rays. On the sun is represented a red star. The wreath is festooned all over with the slogan ""Workers of the world, unite!"", in three languages - Russian, Ukrainian and Moldavian."" These arms therefore contained irredentist symbolism.
On 21 September 1925, the small Presidium of the Central Executive Committee of the Moldavian ASSR decided the following amendments:
The chosen coat of arms, together with the amendments above were approved by the Presidium of the Central Executive Committee on 19 October 1925. At the same time there was allocated a sum of 45 rubles for making the corrections, and, after 10 November, another 30 rubles for the execution of the drawings of the flag and coat of arms.
The approval of the Central Executive Committee of Ukraine was long delayed. On 23 February 1926, the Regional Moldovan Office of the Ukrainian Communist Party ordered that the map of the Moldavian ASSR was to be removed entirely, and replaced with the hammer and sickle. However, on 2 November 1926 the same office ordered that the problem of removing the map should be look into by the Central Committee of the Party.
In his letter from 1927, Malcikov explains the usefulness of keeping the map of the Moldavian ASSR including Bessarabia on the coat of arms and proposed other minor changes: instead of "USSR" should be written "USRR" (the abbreviation of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic in the Ukrainian language, instead of Russian), and on the map the names "Moldavian ASSR", "Odessa", "Chişinău" and "Dniester" should be written in the Ukrainian and Moldovan form, not the Russian one.
It is not known which of the options was approved in the end. So far, no graphical representation of such a coat of arms has been found.
Late 1920s / 1930s.
In 1927 - 1929 a new coat of arms of the Moldavian ASSR was adopted, similar to the emblem of the Ukrainian SSR between 1919 and 1929. The latter is described as: ""the coat of arms of the Ukrainian SSR consists of the golden hammer and sickle on a red background, in the rays of the sun, surrounded by a wreath of wheat ears and the inscription in Russian and Ukrainian: 1. "R.S.S.U." and 2. "Workers of the world, unite!""". In the Moldavian version, R.S.S.U. was replaced by R.A.S.S.M. and the communist slogan was written in Ukrainian and Moldovan languages.
Late 1930s.
On 12 July 1936 the draft of the new Constitution of the Soviet Union appeared in the newspapers. It was approved locally by the VIIth extraordinary Congress of the soviets of the Moldavian ASSR, whose work started on 18 November 1936 at Tiraspol. The Congress established a committee that would elaborate the future Moldavian Constitution. On 5 December 1936 the Constitution of the Soviet Union became effective. A month later, the VIIth extraordinary Congress of the soviets of the Moldavian ASSR resumed its work and on 6 January 1937 adopted the new Constitution of the Moldavian ASSR.
According to the Constitution, the coat of arms of the autonomous republic was supposed to coincide with the soviet socialist republic that it was part of. The only additions were the name of the Moldavian ASSR and the communist slogan ""Workers of the world, unite!"" in the Moldavian and Ukrainian languages on the ribbon. Chapter X of the new Constitution, entitled ""The coat of arms, the flag, the capital,"" stated in Article 111: ""The coat of arms of the Moldavian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic is the coat of arms of the Ukrainian SSR, which is composed of a golden hammer and sickle on a red background in the rays of the sun, surrounded by wheat ears, with the inscriptions "RSSU" and "Workers of the world, unite!" in the Ukrainian and Moldavian languages, with the addition, under "RSSU" inscription, in smaller letters, of the inscription "Moldavian ASSR" in the Ukrainian and Moldavian languages.""
This coat of arms ceased to be valid on the disbanding of the Moldavian ASSR, on 2 August 1940.

</doc>
