<doc id="20152384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152384" title="The Deserter (1971 film)">
The Deserter (1971 film)

The Deserter ("La Spina Dorsale Del Diavolo") is a 1971 Italian-American Western film by Dino De Laurentiis. It was directed by Burt Kennedy, known for his penchant in directing westerns, including "The War Wagon" (1967), "Support Your Local Sheriff!" (1969) and "The Train Robbers" (1973).
Scripted in the style of "The Dirty Dozen" (1967), and designed as a vehicle for Yugoslavian theater and film matinee idol Bekim Fehmiu, the film featured an ensemble cast of American heavyweight actors. Noted for "Shane" (1953) actor Brandon deWilde's death scene, his last Western film appearance before his own death the following year.
The film was shot largely on location in Italy, Spain and Yugoslavia. Many exterior scenes were filmed at the Fort Bowie set built in the Province of Almería, Spain, where the desert landscape and climate that characterizes part of the province have made it a much utilized setting for Western films, among those "A Fistful of Dollars" (1964), "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" (1966) and later "800 Bullets" (2002). This same set was also used in the films "Blindman" (1971) with Ringo Starr and "A Reason to Live, a Reason to Die" (1972).
Plot.
US Army cavalry returning from a 2-week patrol head to a mission finding its inhabitants have been savagely killed by Indians just a short distance from Fort Bowie. Among the dead that sought sanctuary in a desecrated church is the dying wife of the patrol's leader.
Having bitter hostility for his wife's brutal murder by Apaches due to what he believes was army negligence, Capt. Victor Kaleb shoots and wounds the fort commander, Colonel Wade Brown, and deserts the cavalry where he disappears into the southwestern wasteland to kill Apaches.
Two years later when marauding Apaches led by Chief Mangus Durango hold up just out of the cavalry's reach in Mexico, Kaleb is promised amnesty by General Miles in exchange for leading a small band of hand-picked soldiers across the border to wipe out the Indian stronghold known as "La Spina Dorsale Del Diavolo", the Devil's Backbone.
There a battle to the death ensues with Kaleb's desert-trained forces proving successful. After the conflict, the remainder of Kaleb's band presents themselves to General Miles back at Fort Bowie. General Miles explains that he has been ordered to arrest Kaleb upon his return, but all parties present agree to Colonel Brown's resolution to the situation: Victor Kaleb was killed in action at the Devil's Backbone. Kaleb rides away from the fort a free man.
Reception.
In his investigation of narrative structures in Spaghetti Western films, Fridlund writes that "The Deserter" mainly follows the "Professional Plot", as described by Will Wright in his analysis of American Westerns, that is the cooperation of a group of professionals fullfilling a mission.
Home media.
Video.
"The Deserter" was originally released on VHS in the United States by Paramount Home Entertainment, on September 9, 1992. Paramount has not released the film as a DVD in North American Region 1. It is presently available in DVD Region 0 by East West Entertainment LLC in standard non-widescreen VHS conversion and Region 4 by Reel Corporation, Australia.
Soundtrack.
The score for "The Deserter" had music composed and conducted by Piero Piccioni. Originally a practicing lawyer securing movie rights for Italian film distributors, he was eventually credited with scoring over 300 films. Piccioni was influenced in his use of jazz by 20th century classical composers and American cinematography and this is apparent in "The Deserter" soundtrack.
Piccioni's score was released on CD in Italy in 1997 on the Legend label, as CD 28, 14-tracks under the title "Piero Piccioni: La Spina Dorsale Del Diavolo". Recent discovery of the stereo master tapes of the original session, with an extra 25 minutes of music, is featured on the limited 1500 unit special edition Legend CD 32 DLX, released July, 2010, as a 26-track 74:34 CD.

</doc>
<doc id="20152397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152397" title="Branislav Belić">
Branislav Belić

Branislav Belić (, born in 1932 in Belgrade) is a Serbian politician. He was an Acting Mayor of Belgrade following the 2008 election. He served as an interim Chairman of the Assembly as the oldest member. Previously this seat, which is also a seat of the acting mayor, was held by Zoran Alimpić. Acting mayors were necessary in the period until the election of the new one, due to the death of the elected mayor Nenad Bogdanović. His term ended with election of Dragan Đilas. 
He graduated from the University of Belgrade's Law School and has worked in the legal profession as well as foreign trade.
He was an elected councilor and president of the Municipal Assembly of Savski Venac and councilor of the City of Belgrade in several terms.
He was a member of the National Assembly of Serbia and member of the Assembly of the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro.

</doc>
<doc id="20152442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152442" title="Kirsty Jones">
Kirsty Jones

Kirsty Jones (born 1978) is a Welsh professional kitesurfer, the current British and 2008 Pro Kiteboard Riders' Association (PKRA) World Championship.
Born in Pembrokeshire, the Marloes based Jones made world headlines in 2002 after becoming the first kitesurfer to cross the Irish Sea, in a charity event raising over £5,000 for the Ty Hafan Children's Hospice near Cardiff.
She first became UK Women's champion in 2001, and won the PKRA World Championship at the final 2008 event in Essaouira, Morocco.
Kirsty is sponsored mainly by Animal, Flexifoil, SUSO and Surfers Against Sewage.

</doc>
<doc id="20152459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152459" title="1983–84 New York Knicks season">
1983–84 New York Knicks season

The 1983–84 New York Knicks season was the 38th season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). In the regular season, the Knicks had a 47–35 record, and qualified for the NBA Playoffs as the fifth seed in the Eastern Conference. New York was led by small forward Bernard King, who averaged 26.3 points per game (PPG) in the regular season and 34.8 PPG in the playoffs. In early 1984, King scored 50 points in consecutive games, against the San Antonio Spurs and Dallas Mavericks.
In the opening round of the 1984 NBA Playoffs, the Knicks faced the Detroit Pistons. The teams split the first four games, as the Knicks won the first and third games. However, they were unable to clinch the series in Game 4, held in Madison Square Garden, their home arena. In the fifth and deciding game, held in Detroit's Joe Louis Arena, the Knicks held a 106–98 lead with less than two minutes remaining when Pistons point guard Isiah Thomas scored 16 points in a 94-second span. The game went into overtime, where New York won the game 127–123. King, despite playing with two dislocated fingers and the flu, scored 44 points in the game and 213 points in the series. His point total was the highest in NBA history by a player in a five-game series. After the Detroit series, the Knicks were matched with the Boston Celtics. In a seven-game series, the Celtics defeated New York.
Draft picks.
"Note:" This is not an extensive list; it only covers the first round and notable post-first round picks.
Playoffs.
East First Round.
(4) Detroit Pistons vs. (5) New York Knicks: "Knicks win series 3–2"
Last Playoff Meeting: This is the first meeting between the Pistons and Knicks.
East Conference Semifinals.
(1) Boston Celtics vs. (5) New York Knicks: "Celtics win series 4–3"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1974 Eastern Conference Finals (Boston won 4–1)

</doc>
<doc id="20152469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152469" title="Limelight (Marti Webb album)">
Limelight (Marti Webb album)

Limelight is a 2003 studio album by Marti Webb.
The album was produced by self-financed and co-produced by Webb with Gary Branch. It mainly features musicians that had been involved with "The Magic of the Musicals" tours throughout the 1990s and new recordings of Webb's most popular songs from previous albums.
It was recorded at the JazzMouse Studios in East Berkshire.
"Shall We Dance" is a duet with Ronobir Lahiri, who was at the time of recording playing The King of Siam opposite Webb as Anna Leonowens in a UK tour of The King and I. "Elaborate Lives" features harmony vocals by Robert Meadmore, who had appeared in one of "The Magic of the Musicals" tours with Webb.
Webb first performed the song "As Long As He Needs Me" as Nancy in "Oliver!" and "Stage Door John" when playing Susie Dean in the musical version of J. B. Priestley's "The Good Companions". She had not previously recorded "As Long As He Needs Me".
The album was only made available through the London musical theatre merchandise shop "Dress Circle" and at the venues on Webb's tours.

</doc>
<doc id="20152474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152474" title="Edwin Lascelles">
Edwin Lascelles

Edwin Lascelles may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20152478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152478" title="Classic Ash">
Classic Ash

Classic Ash is a 1977 compilation album released by Wishbone Ash.

</doc>
<doc id="20152485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152485" title="Class 89">
Class 89

Class 89 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20152528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152528" title="Women's Football Alliance">
Women's Football Alliance

The Women's Football Alliance is a full-contact Women's American football league that began play in 2009. It is one of three full-contact, 11-on-11 football leagues for women, along with the Independent Women's Football League and the Women's Spring Football League, and the largest of the three. The league is owned and operated by Jeff and Lisa King of Exeter, California.
League History.
The Women's Football Alliance was established in 2009 and began its inaugural season with 36 teams. Many of these teams were already established teams moving in from other leagues such as Women's Professional Football League, Independent Women's Football League and National Women's Football Association, while others will began their inaugural season of play in the WFA. 
The first season of play ended with a championship game, which was played in the rebuilding (post Katrina) city of New Orleans, Louisiana and was hosted by the New Orleans Blaze. The game was between the St. Louis Slam (American Conference - St. Louis, MO) and the West Michigan Mayhem (National Conference - Kalamazoo, MI). The game came down to the last few plays and the St. Louis Slam became the first National Champions in the WFA with a final score of 21-14. Additionally, there was an International Game played between the upstart Aguilas Regias of Monterrey, Mexico and the hosting team, New Orleans Blaze. The Blaze won this game 12-0.
The WFA grew in the second year (2010) to have over 40 teams competing for the National Championship. The national championship for the 2010 season was accompanied by the first All-American game. The term All-American is used by the WFA to represent the best players at all positions from all WFA teams. The teams were chosen partly based on statistics and partly based on the vote of head coaches. The All-American game was played just before the championship game in Las Vegas, Nevada and were hosted by the Las Vegas Showgirlz. The All-American game was won by the American Conference. The second championship in the WFA would again come down to the last few plays and have a score differential of only 4 points. The Lone Star Mustangs (American Conference - Dallas/Fort Worth) defeated the Columbus Comets (National Conference - Columbus, Ohio) to become the second National Champions of the WFA by a score of 16-12. 
As the Women's Football Alliance prepared for the 2011 season, they were scheduled to have over 60 teams playing across the United States. They again grew due in part to new teams starting and in part due to established teams moving in from other leagues, most notably the New York Sharks, D.C. Divas, Chicago Force, Dallas Diamonds, and Kansas City Tribe. In the 2011 WFA championship, the Boston Militia defeated the San Diego Surge 34-19 to claim the title.

</doc>
<doc id="20152531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152531" title="Edwin Lascelles (MP)">
Edwin Lascelles (MP)

Edwin Lascelles (1799, Harewood – 25 April 1865, Wighill Park, near Wetherby) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Ripon from 1846 to 1857.
Lascelles was a younger son of Henry Lascelles, 2nd Earl of Harewood. He graduated B.C.L. from All Souls College, Oxford in 1826, and was called to the Bar from the Inner Temple in the same year. Returned MP for Ripon without a contest in January 1846, he was re-elected in 1852 and retired in 1857.
He died suddenly, of apoplexy.

</doc>
<doc id="20152539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152539" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Portugal)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Portugal)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Portuguese: "Ministério dos Negócios Estrangeiros"), MNE, is a Portuguese government ministry. It is located in the Palace of Necessidades (Portuguese: "Palácio das Necessidades"), in Lisbon.

</doc>
<doc id="20152545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152545" title="Georgievski">
Georgievski

Georgievski () is a Macedonian-language surname, meaning son of Georgi. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20152551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152551" title="Lalibela Cross">
Lalibela Cross

The Lalibela Cross (or "Afro Ayigeba") is a large, elaborately decorated processional cross, considered one of Ethiopia's most precious religious and historical heirlooms. It is held by the Bet Medhane Alem, the House of the Redeemer of the World, a 12th-century rock-cut church in Lalibela. A priest may rub believers with the cross to bless them or heal them. The style of the cross was common in its time and those of this style are often simply referred to today as "Lalibela crosses".
The cross is thought to date to the 12th century. It is around long and weighs around . It is made from one piece of metal, either gold, or bronze and gold. The central cross has an elongated descending arm and flared ends surrounded by an elaborately ornamented encircling band. Like many Ethiopian processional crosses, the bottom of the cross is supported by "Adam's arms", a motif that realistically or abstractly portrays the arms of Adam. On processional crosses they are draped with brightly colored pieces of cloth for festive occasions. 
The cross was stolen in March 1997, and located in Belgium in 1999. A dealer in Addis Ababa had sold it to a Belgian collector for US$25,000. After the collector's money was returned, and it was agreed that no further action would be taken, the cross was returned to Ethiopia in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20152560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152560" title="Karen Paterson">
Karen Paterson

Karen Paterson is a Scottish ex-professional tennis player who was active between the years 1998 and 2007. She won a total of 2 ITF singles titles and 5 ITF doubles titles, reaching a career-high ranking of world no. 369 in singles (achieved 3 October 2005) and world no. 220 as a doubles player (achieved 6 August 2007). She coached British junior, Steph Cornish and currently coaches another British player, Jocelyn Rae.
As a singles competitor, she never managed to qualify for any of the four Grand Slams although she did compete in the Wimbledon doubles competition on two occasions in 2006 and 2007. In 2006 she and Rebecca Llewellyn were beaten by the no. 2 seeds, Cara Black and Rennae Stubbs, and in 2007 she and Melanie South lost to Janette Husárová and Meghann Shaughnessy, the no. 7 seeds.
Career.
1998–2000.
Paterson's first professional tournament came in September 1998 when she attempted to qualify for a $25,000 ITF tournament in Edinburgh, Scotland where she reached the second round of qualifying. Over the rest of the year she attempted to qualify for three more ITF events in Great Britain but was unsuccessful each time. She finished 1998 without a world ranking.
She also spent 1999 attempting to qualify for lower-level ITF tournaments with limited success; falling in qualifying four times and the first round of main draws four times (once as a lucky loser). She again finished the year without a world ranking.
2000 was spent falling in qualifying a total of eight times and once in the second round of a $10,000 ITF tournament in Glasgow. She finished the season with a world ranking of world no. 1178.
2001–2002.
Up until March of 2001, Paterson failed to progress past the qualifying stages of tournaments when she reached the semifinals of a $10,000 ITF tournament in Chandigarh, India, beating a young Sania Mirza along the way. Paterson spent the rest of the year competing on the ITF circuit and, as a result, her year-end ranking had risen to world no. 644.
Paterson did not manage to progress past the second round of any ITF tournament during 2002 and as a result her year-end ranking fell to world no. 708.
2003.
In January 2003, Paterson reached the semifinals of a $10,000 ITF tournament in Tipton as a lucky loser and in May she was a quarterfinalist in another $10,000 ITF, this one in Edinburgh. Paterson teamed up with Emily Webley-Smith in June and they were given a wild card into the qualifying draw for the Wimbledon doubles tournament. They were beaten, 2–6 3–6, by Jill Craybas and Vanessa Webb. Paterson reached the semifinals in Felixstowe and the quarterfinals in Pontevedra (both $10,000 ITF) in July and the next month she reached the first ITF final of her career in Wrexham $10,000. She was beaten by Timea Bacsinszky in straight sets, 0–6 3–6. October saw her reach the quarterfinals of a $25,000 event in Jersey where she lost to Sybille Bammer. Akgul Amanmuradova defeated Paterson, 2–6 5–7, in the semifinals of a $10,000 event in Pune in November. Her year-end ranking was world no. 416.
2004.
A promising start to 2004 saw Paterson reach the quarterfinals of a $10,000 ITF in Hull however she only managed to win two of her next 11 matches, and these two wins both came in the qualifying stages of tournaments. Nevertheless, she received a wild card into the qualifying draw for the DFS Classic in June where she lost to Roberta Vinci in round one of qualifying. Following this she reached the semifinals of Felixstowe $10,000 and two weeks later, the quarterfinals of Pontevedra ($25,000). She spent the rest of the year competing on the ITF circuit and reached two more semifinals: the first in a $10,000 in Manchester and the second in Glasgow, a $25,000 event where she again lost to Sybille Bammer. Paterson finished the year ranked world no. 448.
2005.
Paterson again started the year well, reaching the final in her first tournament of 2005 in Grenoble ($10,000). Mervana Jugić-Salkić beat her, 3–6 1–6, in the final. Paterson again experienced a slight lull up until June when she was given a wild card into the qualifying draw for the DFS Classic for the second year running. She was defeated by Milagros Sequera in the first round of qualifying before being given a wild card into the qualifying draw for Wimbledon where she was again defeated in the first stage of the qualifying event, this time by Adriana Serra Zanetti. In August she reached two ITF quarterfinals in Hampstead and Amarante, both $10,000 tournaments. A young Dominika Cibulková was Paterson's conqueror, 1–6 2–6, in Amarante. She followed this up with a run to the second $10,000 ITF final of her career (this one in Nottingham) where she lost a three-set battle with compatriot, Anne Keothavong, 6–1 6–7(4) 4–6. In late September, Paterson had the best result in a $50,000 ITF of her career when she reached the quarterfinals in Batumi before losing to Ana Timotić. Nevertheless, this result was good enough to take her to a career-high ranking of no. 369 in the world. October saw her team up with Anne Keothavong to reach the doubles quarterfinal of a tier III WTA event in Quebec City by battling to defeat Lauren Barnikow and Vilmarie Castellvi, 6–7(5) 7–6(6) 7–5. She and Keothavong were beaten by Marion Bartoli and María Emilia Salerni, 1–6 3–6, in the quarterfinals. Her year-end ranking for singles was world no. 408.
2006.
In January 2006, Paterson reached the semifinals of her first $10,000 ITF tournament of the year in Hull and in March she reached the semifinals of yet another $10,000 ITF, following this one up with a run to the quarterfinals of another $10,000 event in Bath. She again received a wild card into the qualifying draw for Wimbledon but again failed to win a match, falling at the first hurdle to Margit Rüütel. In August, Paterson reached the quarterfinals in London ($10,000 ITF) where she lost to Anna Fitzpatrick however she and Jane O'Donoghue joined forces to win the doubles title at this event. Paterson then headed to a $10,000 ITF event in Mollerusa where she beat Yera Campos Molina, 3–6 7–5 6–2, in the final to win the title. This was the first singles title of Paterson's career. After this she reached one more $10,000 semifinal and a $25,000 quarterfinal and finished the year with a world ranking of no. 433.
2007.
2007 could not have begun better for Paterson as she won her first ITF tournament of the season in Sunderland by beating Carla Suárez Navarro in the final, 6–4 6–2. She then went to Hull ($10,000) and reached the quarterfinals (beating Suarez Navarro again in the second round). In February, Suarez Navarro managed to get some revenge by beating Paterson in the final round of qualifying for a $25,000 event in Tipton. Despite this, Paterson went on to reach the quarterfinals in Montechoro, another $10,000 ITF. In June, Paterson was given wild cards into the qualifying events for the DFS Classic, the Hastings Direct International, and Wimbledon where she was unable to win a match each time. Paterson played her last professional match in August 2007 when she lost in the quarterfinals of a $10,000 ITF tournament in London, England to Martina Babáková, 6–3 2–6 2–6.

</doc>
<doc id="20152567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152567" title="Live from Austin, TX (Guy Clark album)">
Live from Austin, TX (Guy Clark album)

Live from Austin, TX is a live album by American singer-songwriter Guy Clark, released in 2007. It was recorded during a 1989 taping of the television show "Austin City Limits".
Track listing.
All songs by Guy Clark unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20152576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152576" title="Fairfield, Derbyshire">
Fairfield, Derbyshire

Fairfield is an urban area of Buxton in Derbyshire, located half a mile to the north east of Buxton town centre. It is centred around the 'Green', a village green.
History.
Once a chapelry, in the parish of Hope, Derbyshire, Fairfield was at one time a town in its own right, complete with town council and Town Hall, the Town Hall still survives on Old Post Road, and remains in use for the public's benefit. Fairfield remained an urban sanitary district until 1894.
In the early 19th century, it was recorded that an "excellent round course has been formed where horse races take place". Race meetings were held at a place called 'Newton ith' Willows', where there was a stand for visitors.
In 1811, 1821 and 1831, the population of the chapelry of Fairfield returned a population of 482 inhabitants taken in the censuses.
St. Peter's.
Lying just North of the 'Green' is St. Peter's, a Medieval Parish Church.
Famous residents.
George Kitchen, the Everton, West Ham United and Southampton goalkeeper, was born in Fairfield in 1876.

</doc>
<doc id="20152579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152579" title="The Best of Wishbone Ash">
The Best of Wishbone Ash

The Best of Wishbone Ash is a 1981 greatest hits album released by Wishbone Ash.

</doc>
<doc id="20152597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152597" title="563d Rescue Group">
563d Rescue Group

The United States Air Force's 563d Rescue Group (563 RQG) directs flying operations dedicated to Personnel Recovery (PR). The 563 RQG is part of the Air Combat Command (ACC) and is a geographically separated unit (GSU) of the 23d Wing (23 WG) at Moody Air Force Base, Georgia. The home station for the 563 RQG is Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona and it also has responsibility for rescue squadrons operating as GSUs at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada.
The group is responsible for training, readiness, and operations of one HC-130J squadron, two HH-60G squadrons, two Guardian Angel squadrons, and an operations support squadron operating from two geographically separated operating locations.
Units.
The 58th Rescue Squadron trains, equips and employs combat-ready pararescuemen, combat rescue officers and supporting personnel worldwide in support of U.S. national security interests. It provides survivor contact, treatment and extraction during combat rescue operations, uses various fixed and rotary wing insertion and extraction assets. It employs by any means available to provide combat and humanitarian search, rescue and medical assistance in all environments.
The 66th Rescue Squadron operates the HH-60G "Pavehawk" and provides rapidly deployable combat rescue forces to theater commanders worldwide. They tactically employ the HH-60G helicopter and its crew in hostile environments to recover downed aircrew and isolated personnel during day, night or marginal weather conditions. The squadron also conducts military operations other than war including; civil search and rescue, disaster relief, international aid, emergency medical evacuation and counter-drug activities.
History.
Flew combat rescue and evacuation missions 1944–1945 at Biak Island and in the Philippines. Provided courier service, carried supplies and messages, evacuated allied prisoners and wounded personnel, and occasionally provided reconnaissance. 
From 1946–1950 provided rescue capabilities in Japan. Flew combat rescue and evacuation missions during the Korean War, 1950–1953. Credited with rescuing almost 10,000 United Nations personnel, including almost 1,000 combat saves behind enemy lines. 
Returned to providing rescue capability in Japan, 1953–1957. Performed combat search, rescue, and recovery missions in Southeast Asia, 1966–1975. Credited with 3,681 saves, including 2,632 combat saves. Operated a Joint Service Rescue Center at Tan Son Nhut AB, Vietnam, for Commander, Seventh Air Force, 1966–1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20152605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152605" title="Vojislav Mihailović">
Vojislav Mihailović

Vojislav Mihailović (born September 3, 1951 in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia, present-day Serbia) is a Serbian politician, former Mayor of Belgrade and currently a co-president of the Serbian Democratic Renewal Movement.
Mihailović is a grandson of Chetniks leader Draža Mihailović and was named after his father's brother who had died somewhere around Foča in 1943 while fighting for Chetniks. He was the Mayor of Belgrade between January 22, 1999 and October 5, 2000, as a member of Serbian Renewal Movement (SPO), and was the party's candidate for the president of Federal Republic of Yugoslavia at the 2000 presidential elections, where he has earned 2.95% of votes. In 2005, he left SPO following disagreements with the party's leader Vuk Drašković, and has consequently formed Serbian Democratic Renewal Movement (SDPO), together with several other former members of SPO. He is now a co-president of SDPO, together with Mayor of Kragujevac, Veroljub Stevanović.
Mihailović is married and a father of two. In 2006 he launched a motion to the High Court in Belgrade to politically rehabilitate his grandfather Draža Mihailović.

</doc>
<doc id="20152608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152608" title="Boleslawiec Pottery">
Boleslawiec Pottery

Bolesławiec pottery is the collective term for pottery produced in Bolesławiec, Poland.
Boleslawiec Pottery is also known as Polish Pottery or Polish Stoneware.
Overview.
For centuries one of the premier art forms in Eastern Europe has been the pottery and ceramics created in the Silesia region of Poland. The durable and functional creamy white and blue stoneware pieces are unique and easily identifiable. Ceramics and pottery are a definitive part of the identity of the city of Bolesławiec, Poland. The town itself is often called "Miasto Ceramiki" (Town of ceramics). It is impossible to talk about the town without talking about the ceramics that have been produced there for over a thousand years. It is a matter of great pride to the inhabitants.
Ceramic art has long been intertwined with Boleslawiec, a town located in Silesia, a historically disputed region of Europe. The ceramics works are referred to as Boleslawiec pottery, or they are sometimes called by their German name: Bunzlau pottery or Bunzlauer pottery. There has recently been a resurgence in the popularity of Boleslawiec ceramic art in the United States.
The geography lends itself to ceramic work as the area is rich in natural clay deposits; the clay is still excavated today. 
History.
Ceramics has been a part of Boleslawiec and the entire region’s history for an extremely long time. Potters and ceramic artists are on record from as early as the 14th century, with the first written record of a potter in the municipal books of Świdnica in 1380. However, archaeological digs have shown pottery and ceramics from the early Middle Ages, and trading patterns strongly indicate their presence at such an early time.
Potters from the Boleslawiec area first united into a guild around the start of the 17th century. Most of the earliest remaining pieces date from the beginnings of the eighteenth century. They are characterized by the brown glaze and were usually pitchers or jug type vessels. Some of the vessels are lidded forms with attached tin lids, though many are open. They are wheel made and uniform in shape, and were either smooth or bore a diagonal ridge pattern. Most bear a mark of some kind, usually an individual’s initials and a date.
Starting around the middle half of the 18th century the vessels started to become characterized by a natural flowing motif of “sticks”, or a raised design of flowers and leaves on a stem. The sticks were a light white in color, with the surrounding pot usually brown. This added contrast and aesthetic appeal.
Throughout the late 18th century and early 19th century the stick motif was still popular. Other popular motifs included the Boleslawiec emblem, the potter’s emblem of Adam and Eve, heraldic signs, and nature motifs like florals and birds. Pitchers, mugs, and tankards were the most commonly produced works.
Around the latter half of the 19th century the white clay that had previously been used only for the stick motif started to be used for whole vessels. This was due to the innovation of Johann Gottlieb Altman, a master potter who was the first to cast dishes instead of throwing them on the wheel. Altman also used a new type of lead-free glaze that enabled stamping and allowed for new motifs and designs. Most of the more recognizable designs today, like the repeating circles, scales, flowers, dots, and clovers, were created at that time.
The most famous Pole, who was engaged in the production of ceramics in the regions of Boleslawiec was Stanislaw Wiza. In 1963, he founded the company Ceramika Wiza, which still produces ceramics by traditional methods. Company manages the daughter of Stanislaw Wiza, Lidia Jop, who continues the family tradition.
Ceramics school.
In 1897 a professional ceramics school was founded in Boleslawiec. The school’s first headmaster was a renowned ceramics master from Berlin, Dr. Wilhelm Pukall. He initiated changes that helped reform technical abilities and new work methods, but also supported innovative new ideas and forms of creative expression. It was a time of great growth for Boleslawiec ceramics. The school accepted mostly sons of local potters, and after their completion went on to start their own workshops.
Three important potters that worked around the turn of the century were Julius Paul, Hugo Reinhold, and Carl Werner. They helped realize the new ideas and vision of the school. These three artists and their studios started using stenciling techniques, matte glazes, vibrant colors, and gilding. It was their new techniques that revolutionized modern Boleslawiec pottery. In 1936 the school established a cooperative of six schools called the “Bunzlauer Braunzeug”. Their work can still be found today marked by brown pots with white decorations and signed on the bottom.
Although most of Lower Silesia's ceramic workshops and studios were destroyed during World War II, and the entire population of the town and surrounding province was expelled as part of the transfer of the territory from Germany to Poland in 1945, the new Polish authorities and refugees made a huge effort to revive the work. The cooperative CPLiA was formed and supported by the State University of Fine Arts in Wroclaw. This permitted the cooperative to revive a high standard of artistic achievement and enabled funding and the influence of talented potters in Poland and throughout Europe.
Boleslawiec pottery today.
The traditions of 'Bunzlauer' pottery have been preserved in many locations in present-day Germany by expellees from the former town of Bunzlau, and their descendents. Currently most of the pottery that comes from Polish Boleslawiec is produced by the CPLiA cooperative and the many artists that work under it, either in factories or smaller studios. Many of the individual artists do their own work, and there is also a large crafts movement that still produces the traditional heavy brown and white stoneware.
All authentic Boleslawiec pottery will have “Hand made in Poland” stamped on the bottom. The Boleslawiec pottery that is most recognizable today is the white or cream colored ceramic with dark blue, green, yellow, brown, and sometimes red or purple motifs. The most common designs include dots, abstract florals, speckles, “windmills”, and the favorite “peacocks eye”.
Although Boleslawiec pottery has become more popular in the United States in the past few years, it is still largely a regional product and is known primarily in Germany and Eastern Europe. It is collected by private collectors all across the world, and is also part of many museum collections in Europe, the largest collection being in the Museum of Ceramics in Boleslawiec, in Boleslawiec, Poland. However, with the commercialization of the industry, Polish Pottery ceramics are now sold throughout the world for everyday use in the kitchen as well as collectibles.
Boleslawiec pottery was created as a mainly functional product, and still is functional today although the designs have increased in quality and intricacy. It falls in a very different category from fine English and Asian china and pottery that demands high prices in today’s marketplace. Still, Boleslawiec pottery is not inexpensive. Mugs and cups usually cost anywhere from twenty to forty U.S. dollars, larger more intricate pieces like bowls, teapots, Memory boxes, and specialty plates can cost anywhere from one to two hundred U.S. dollars, and some hand-painted pieces by recognized artists can cost close to five hundred U.S. dollars or more. Price is dependent on size, type of item, quality of glaze/painting, and whether or not the piece is Unikat, or “unique” in English. When a ceramics artist has been deemed accomplished enough they earn the right to create a piece from start to finish and to be able to sign it. These pieces are stamped with UNIKAT on the bottom and are more rare and of better quality and therefore command a higher price.
Polish Pottery is hand crafted with pride at many small manufacturing companies in Boleslawiec, Poland. The Polish art is sure to please all who enjoy traditional folk art style. All of the pieces are hand painted, using sponge stamp and brushes to paint the art on each piece. All of the patterns are hand-cut by the artists in the sponge and then they use the sponges and brushes to apply the unique pattern to each piece. Sponges are used because they keep the paint wet for a long time, allowing the artist to slowly go around one piece at a time, stamping a unique specific pattern. Several of the artists will create the initial pattern and hand paint a pattern, so all of the artists know what each pattern will be and can keep a similar style to the completed pieces.

</doc>
<doc id="20152609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152609" title="Nicolas Byron">
Nicolas Byron

Sir Nicolas Byron was the father of Sir John Byron, Sr., and was knighted by Arthur, Prince of Wales on his marriage, 14 November 1501, as a Knight of the Bath. He died shortly after in 1503. His wife was Joan Bushler, daughter of Sir John Bushler. Sir Nicolas' father was Sir John Byron.

</doc>
<doc id="20152630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152630" title="Fernando Gómez Mont">
Fernando Gómez Mont

Fernando Francisco Gómez Mont Urueta (born January 11, 1963) is a Mexican lawyer and politician who served as Secretary of the Interior. He was appointed by President Felipe Calderón on November 10, 2008, following the death of secretary Juan Camilo Mouriño in a plane crash on November 4. Gómez Mont was a member of the National Action Party until his resignation from the party on February 10, 2010. He presented his resignation on July 14, 2010 and President Calderon appointed Francisco Blake Mora to take charge of the Secretary of the Interior.
Personal life and education.
Gómez Mont is the son of Felipe Gómez Mont, one of the founders and main ideologists of the National Action Party. He was born in Mexico City in 1963 and became a member of the party during his adolescent years. His father had already died by this time.
Gómez Mont studied law at the Escuela Libre de Derecho. In 1999 he was a federal deputy in the LV Legislature where he presided over the Justice Commission of the Chamber of Deputies. He represented the National Action Party in the Federal Electoral Institute, a post he resigned to become a private lawyer.
Gómez Mont was an advisor to President Ernesto Zedillo along with Luis Téllez (former Secretary of Communications and Transportation in President Calderón's cabinet); he also worked with then Attorney General Antonio Lozano Gracia in the investigation of the 1994 assassination of presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio.
In his private practice he carried President Carlos Salinas and Tomás Peñaloza Webb in a supposed fraud to the Mexican Social Security Institute, and represented Rogelio Montemayor in the Pemexgate investigation in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20152633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152633" title="Astromantic Charm School">
Astromantic Charm School

Astromantic Charm School is the third remix album released by the Japanese hip hop group M-Flo, containing remixes of songs from their third studio album, "Astromantic".

</doc>
<doc id="20152644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152644" title="Business Disability Forum">
Business Disability Forum

The Business Disability Forum is the UK’s national employers’ network specifically focused on the topic of disability. The Employers Forum on Disability officially became the Business Disability Forum on 1 October 2012. This was done to better reflect the role of the group as a bridge between disabled people and the world of business. 
The group has about 350 members, including 100 multinational corporations, small and medium sized enterprises and public sector employers, employ approximately 18 per cent of the UK workforce. Members include employers from banking, education, health, broadcasting, telecommunications, manufacturing and retail sectors.
The organisation provide a wide range of products and services for business including recruitment and retention of disabled employees, services to disabled customers and development of partnerships with disabled people as stakeholders in the wider community.
Membership benefits includes a Helpline, offering expert information on all aspects of disability, a connection service helping members to resolve potential Equality Act 2010 claims, member policy audits and a wide range of events and publications.
The Business Disability Forum also operate a management tool called the Disability Standard that enables organisations to accurately measure their performance on disability across the whole business and put in place an action plan to address priority areas.
History.
Established in 1986 as the Employers Forum on Disability the group pioneered the first employers’ organisation of its kind. At the time of its formation, the initiatives to promote the employment of disabled people in the UK were largely developed in isolation of employers’ needs, so the creation of EFD started addressing that gap.
EFD was launched with support from the Prince of Wales' Advisory Group on Disability and Business in the Community (BiTC), a business-led coalition promoting corporate social responsibility. The original founding members at the official launch in 1991 were Barclays, BBC, Pearl Assurance, Prudential Assurance, Shell International and Shell UK.
EFD was created when its founder, Susan Scott-Parker, proposed to business leaders that companies should jointly fund a central expert resource which would allow employer members to benefit from best practice and disabled people to benefit from economic and social inclusion. Many of these business leaders had personal contact with disability through connections with disability NGOs and/or family members.
EFD was re-branded to become the Business Disability Forum on 1 October 2012.
Mission.
The underlying idea in the Business Disability Forum approach is that corporate disability confidence presents a huge potential to businesses as they learn how to recruit and employ disabled people on the basis of capability, and as they learn how to become fully accessible for disabled customers and stakeholders in the wider community.
Given this the organisation aims to enable employers to become competent in disability inclusion, and to support a broader systems and culture change in terms of policies and practices related to disability. It serves its members through advising and supporting businesses in all aspects of disability confidence, conducting training on disability issues and providing a range of services and resources.
The most powerful thing the group did in the beginning to trigger change was to run the world’s first Leadership Development Programme for People with Disabilities. The programme, run by the former EFD for seven years, enabled disabled entrepreneurs to access leadership and management training courses organised by major corporations for their own employees. Participating corporations found that their management expectations regarding people described as ‘disabled’ were transformed by this opportunity to work alongside them during the courses.
Structure and partners.
The Business Disability Forum is an independent not-for-profit organisation managed and funded by its members through membership fees and through financing websites, new initiatives, tools and events. Some members also provide pro bono advice and actively participate in joint problem solving such as the Business Taskforce on Accessible Technology. Although technically a charity, the group does not receive government grants or charitable donations.
Business Disability Forum has a group of around 50 core funders or partners representing both the public and private sector and various business sectors. These ‘gold members’ as they are called, receive certain benefits such as additional support, free services, and access to focused networks.
Business Disability Forum is governed by a board composed of representatives from the membership and is managed by a CEO and circa 35 staff. 
People with disabilities are strongly represented in the organisations activities, including through an influential network of Associates. The disabled associates, all experienced in business matters and serve as expert advisers, ambassadors, speakers and trainers. They contribute to all events and to the drafting of guidance on best practice. The 20-strong UK network of associates was created in 1991, followed by a growing network of eight worldwide associates in 2007.
Business Disability Forum has good relations with other disability organisations in the UK and beyond, but does not have formal partnerships with them.
In addition to the general network, the Business Disability Forum has facilitated sub-networks by region and economic sector. Scotland, Wales and Yorkshire have formed regional networks while sector-specific networks exist for the creative industry, the police and ICT technology: the pioneering Broadcasting and Creative Industries Disability Network (BCIDN), active from 1989 to 2011, consisted of the major broadcasters in the UK.
Business Disability Forum facilitated the recruiting and retention disabled employees, the sharing of good practices among its members and promoted a non-stereotypical representation of people with disabilities in the media. The Emergency Services and Law Enforcement Network (ELEN), which has more than thirty members, was organised in 1999 at the specific request of the Association of Chief Police Officers. The network shares best practice and provide advice on the service delivery within law enforcement.
The Business Taskforce on Accessible Technology (BTAT), launched in 2008, is the most recent of the sector-specific groups. Its thirty-five members have come together with shared aim to advance accessible technology products and services.
In 2007, the Business Disability Forum president created a President’s group, bringing together members at Chief Executive and Board level, to position disability as a top management issue to do with business and investment in human potential.
Disability Standard.
To enable its members to measure their performance on disability confidence, the group created the Disability Standard in 2004. The Disability Standard is self-assessment tool, validated by experts in the organisation, for enterprises and public bodies to evaluate their performance relating to disability as it affects their entire business
The Disability Standard measures three areas: employer commitment, organisational policy and practice, and the impact of policy and practice. Disability Standard participants carry out an online assessment by rating their performance on a range of disability-related issues (including accessibility, outsourcing, recruitment, customer services), and providing evidence in support of the ratings. Disability experts assess the ratings and evidence of each participant, and draw up a ‘diagnostic report’ for each company. The results of all participants are pooled together to establish a benchmark score.
The report assesses the member’s performance against previous Disability Standards rating (if available), their sector average and the overall benchmark average. On the basis of the report, individual employers can develop a disability action plan.
While the individual employers’ ratings are confidential, participants receive either a Platinum, Gold, Silver, Bronze or Participant certificate, depending on their rating. Tracking of the Disability Standard participants’ performance over time shows that employers’ disability confidence rating has improved as they continue to benchmark themselves with the help of the Disability Standard.
The first Disability Standard in 2005 had some 80 employers participating while the subsequent Standards in 2007 and 2009 had over 100 participants. Consultation with members and disabled people after the 2009 Disability Standard, found the Standard to be a useful and credible exercise enabling business improvement - but also a resource intensive exercise that needed to be more versatile to meet the specific needs of individual organisations.
The Disability Standard is therefore being revised, and the new version will be available to members in 2011.
Over 100 organisations took part in the 2009 Disability Standard. The following organisations were ranked as the top ten:
1. The British Library
- BT
2. Motability Operations
4. Barclays Plc
5. Disability East
- London Borough of Tower Hamlets
7. Microlink PC (UK)
8. Habinteg Housing Association
- Luton and Dunstable Hospital NHS Trust
10. Ministry of Defence
All participating organisations receive a rank to demonstrate their commitment to disability confidence. Top scores achieve Platinum followed by Gold, Silver, Bronze and Participants ranks.
Improving ICT accessibility for job seekers, employees and customers.
The Business Disability Forum undertook, with the help of the consulting firm McKinsey, the first research into the many obstacles created by inaccessible online recruitment systems. McKinsey founds that 1.3 million disabled people in the UK alone were unable to apply for jobs with the vast majority of companies only recruiting via online processes. As a result, the group published the guidance on how to ensure online recruitment does not systematically exclude disabled and other disadvantaged job seekers, backed by the website: www.barrierfree-recruitment.com.
In addition, Business Disability Forum-facilitated Business Taskforce on Accessible Technology (BTAT) has created its own ‘Accessible Technology Charter’ to which companies can sign up. The signatories of the Charted commit to ensuring that the technology they purchase and use allows them to hire from, and provide products and services to the widest pool of people. The Charter also requires them to consult with disabled employees and integrate accessibility into procurement processes.
The Charter has been complemented with a business tool called the ‘Accessibility Maturity Model’ which enables companies to measure their ICT accessibility.
Public launch of these initiatives is due in late 2011.
The senior ICT directors engaged in BTAT are also contributing to the creation of a procurement protocol that can be adopted by any company wanting to ensure that all new ICT purchases make accessibility and usability an important requirement when deciding on ICT related purchases.
Providing information and advice on disability confidence.
The Business Disability Forum raises awareness and provides information and definitive guidance on best practice through its website, networking events and publications. While information on some specific topics, such as legislative briefings, are available to members only, the group shares a lot of disability and business-related information with the wider audience as well. It has a media centre with facts and figures and case studies to be used by journalists, which is seen as important to promoting disability as a business issue.
The former EFD's first major publication, ‘Disability etiquette' was launched in 1991 and has sold well over 2 million copies. Since then, it has published a multitude of guides, often in collaboration with their members, among them ‘Guides on disability communication’ geared at different audiences and ‘Line manager guides’ on managing disability at work.
It also issued a set of 18 ‘EFD Briefing papers’ that provide employers with practical guidance and case studies on various issues related to the employment of people with disabilities.
The Business Disability Forum recognises that many large corporations want to provide their employees and customers with information which is specifically relevant to them. Therefore, all of the groups publications can be tailored to feature particular corporate brands, and many guides are available either in hard copy, or as licensed versions for use on the corporation’s intranets.
Although the Business Disability Forum has always offered a helpline service to its employer members in some form, a specific service, ‘Disability Directions’, was established in 2007.
It is provided by a team that answers a range of disability-related queries of members by phone, email, textphone, post or online. The service is confidential and tailored to the needs of the particular client. Calls can be about any aspect of business and disability. Examples of queries include, for example, how to recruit someone with a mental health condition; how to design an accessible conference; or feedback on specific policies affecting disabled people.
Training.
The Business Disability Forum offers training courses and workshops on different aspects of disability management and confidence to the membership generally; it also tailors training to meet the specific needs of a particular organisation. Most courses are either free or discounted for Business Disability Forum members, while non-members pay the full training fee. Most of the trainers and presenters are disabled themselves. In 2010, nearly 1,500 people attended EFD training events.
Training methods vary. In addition to face-to-face training, the organisation offers telephone tutorials, expert speakers to events and online training – or a combination. One example of online learning is ‘Disability Confident’, developed in 2004 by Skill Boosters, a company specialised in inclusive learning, in partnership with the Business Disability Forum. Disability Confident is an interactive learning resource which uses case scenarios and activities as a basis of learning about best practice, legal obligations and how to maximise the access and contribution of disabled people as employees and customers.
Another key online resource and publication, ‘Realising Potential’, sponsored by Intercontinental Hotels, was launched by EFD in 2006. It presents the new business case for disability, emphasising the benefits which result when a company becomes disability competent, and contains facts and figures on disability as it affects business and the global economy, case studies, and advice on stakeholder engagement and on organisational change.
The Realising Potential website has had around 24,000 visits per year since its launch and is now being updated to provide a global resource to global business. The new site will be branded: ‘The New Business Case’ for realising potential.
The Business Disability Forum also provides a policy and procedural audit services designed to help employers design barrier free and adaptive processes for recruitment, retention of people who become disabled, and doing business with people with disabilities.
Achievements.
Some of the former EFD’s major accomplishments 1986-2012 include:
The Business Disability Forum has been a member of the EQUASS Awarding Committee since 2003, as a stakeholder representing employers of people with disabilities. 
Lessons learned.
Employers should lead the organisation.An organisation for employers must be owned and led by employers who create a platform from which to engage with disabled people’s organisations and other stakeholders. The forum must position employers as its key customers and then offer the employer relevant services and toolkits which make it easier for these employers to get it right.
Bringing business leaders and disabled people together is important. An employers’ network like the Business Disability Forum can only challenge deep rooted misconceptions regarding disability by bringing business leaders together with disabled people, be they disabled opinion leaders, politicians, experts, advisors, entrepreneurs, advocates, graduates, colleagues, customers, shareholders or job seekers. This face to face contact, reinforced by the message that employers should treat disabled people fairly – and employ them on the basis of capability – is crucial. The problem solving skills of both business and persons with disabilities can also generate creative solutions that may well bypass the traditional way things are done.
Establish a clear role. the group realised that it should establish a clear role that is separate from the role of the agencies that help disabled people to find work or who advocate on their behalf. the Business Disability Forum does not provide services to disabled people directly; it loses its capacity to influence its employer members if it is seen to be part of the traditional disability services field. the networks job is to make it easier for employers to say ‘Yes’ when approached by disabled job seekers for work opportunities and to create new more productive partnerships with services that promote economic and social inclusion.
Use the language that business understands and recognises. It is important to watch the jargon and avoid terms and tone that reinforces the view that ‘disability’ is ‘owned’ by government, doctors or charities.
Developing value added services requires resources. According to the Business Disability Forum experiences, it is key to have the resources to employ a small team who then to energise, communicate, and deliver a package of messages, services and innovation – which provide added value to the business community.

</doc>
<doc id="20152651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152651" title="Washington State Parkinson Disease Registry">
Washington State Parkinson Disease Registry

The Washington State Parkinson Disease Registry (WPDR) was created in May 2007 to facilitate Parkinson disease research by maintaining a list of people in Washington state, who have Parkinson disease, and are interested in Parkinson disease research. Parkinson disease researchers request the WPDR notify its members of potential research opportunities. The WPDR executive board then evaluates the requesting researcher's study protocol and notifies suitable registry members of the research opportunity.
The intent of the registry is to increase membership in high quality Parkinson disease research studies, while reducing the time and money necessary to recruit interested subjects.
Sponsorship.
The Washington State Parkinson Disease Registry is sponsored by the Washington State Department of Health, a group of Washington state physicians at the University of Washington Department of Neurology and Parkinson disease advocacy groups including the Washington State chapter of the American Parkinson Disease Association, Northwest Collaborative Care, Northwest Parkinson's Foundation and Parkinson's Resources of Spokane.

</doc>
<doc id="20152654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152654" title="List of ISO 639-5 codes">
List of ISO 639-5 codes

This is a list of ISO 639-5 codes, including the code hierarchy as given in the ISO 639-5 registry. The code codice_1 ("undetermined") from ISO 639-2 can be seen as top of the hierarchy (for example, codice_2, codice_3). The hierarchy is not a complete genetic hierarchy; some of the collection codes are based on geography (like codice_4) or category (like codice_5) instead.

</doc>
<doc id="20152655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152655" title="Emmett Quinn">
Emmett Quinn

Thomas Emmett Quinn (September 10, 1877 – February 9, 1930) was a Canadian ice hockey executive, coach and referee. Quinn served as president of the National Hockey Association (NHA), the predecessor of today's National Hockey League (NHL). His brother Percy Quinn was also an ice hockey executive. At the time of his death, Quinn was a Fire Commissioner in Montreal.
Ice hockey career.
Quinn first became notable in the field of ice hockey as a coach of the Montreal Shamrocks in the 1906–07 season. He was replaced after the season and worked as a referee for the 1907–08 season. He was the referee of the game, in Cornwall, Ontario in February, 1907 in which Owen McCourt died as a result of his on-ice injuries. He returned to coaching, for the Quebec Bulldogs of the Eastern Canada Amateur Hockey Association (ECHA) in 1908–09. He also served as the ECHA's secretary-treasurer.
In 1909, he was part of the dissolution of the ECHA. He became the Canadian Hockey Association's secretary-treasurer. When that league dissolved, he joined the National Hockey Association (NHA) as secretary-treasurer.
In 1910, he was appointed president of the NHA. He held the position until October 18, 1916 when he resigned. During his tenure, the league moved into Quebec and Toronto, relocating franchises in northern Ontario that had been members of the Temiscaming Professional Hockey League. Under his tenure, the league imposed a salary cap on its players. The Pacific Coast Hockey Association (PCHA) was founded in 1911, and it became the NHA's major competitor, albeit in western cities, while the NHA operated in eastern cities. Quinn negotiated agreements between the leagues for the first regular Stanley Cup playoffs, holding finals between the two leagues for the Cup, ending the time period of Stanley Cup "challenges" under the control of the Cup's trustees. He also negotiated agreements to respect each league's player contracts and a controlled draft for the transfer of players between the leagues. 
Quinn resigned from his position as president of the NHA after the 1915–16 season. He was rewarded with a silver tea service from the NHA in October 2016. He ended his involvement with hockey entirely.
Personal.
Quinn had three brothers Fred, Percy and Raphael. Quinn married May Kiely. They had three children: Richard Francis Quinn, Robert Emmett Quinn and Millicent Quinn. Quinn was in the insurance business, as was his brother Percy. Quinn was nominated to the Fire Commissioner's Court in 1924 for his experience in fire hazards. He died in 1930 at 52 years of age.

</doc>
<doc id="20152656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152656" title="Exozodiacal dust">
Exozodiacal dust

Exozodiacal dust is the exoplanetary analog of zodiacal dust, the 1-100 micrometre-sized grains of amorphous carbon and silicate dust that fill the plane of the solar system, especially interior to the asteroid belt. As for the zodiacal dust, these grains are probably produced by outgasing comets as well as by collisions among bigger parent bodies like asteroids. Exozodiacal dust clouds are often components of debris disks that are detected around main sequence stars through their excess infrared emission. By convention, exozodiacal dust refers to the innermost and hottest part of these debris disks, within a few astronomical units from the star. The shapes of exozodiacal dust clouds can show the dynamical influence of extrasolar planets, and potentially indicate the presence of these planets. 
Because it is located near a star's habitable zone, exozodiacal dust can be an important noise source for attempts to image terrestrial planets.

</doc>
<doc id="20152676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152676" title="Wooden cannon">
Wooden cannon

Wooden cannons are cannons made of wood, sometimes reinforced with straw or rope bindings or metal rings.
Expedient technique.
The use of wood for cannon making could be dictated either by the lack of metal, or the lack of skill to engineer metallic cannons. Wooden cannons were notoriously weak, and could usually fire only a few shots, sometimes even just one shot, before bursting. The balls for use in such wooden-barreled cannons could be made of various materials such as wood, stone, ceramics, or steel.
Wooden cannons have been used at various times. Aurangzeb in the Deccan used such cannons for defensive purposes, as he lacked regular cannons but had abundant wood available.
The Romanians (motzes) from Apuseni Mountains, Transylvania, extensively manufactured this kind of cannons for use against Hungarian army in 1848–1849. The wooden cannons had various calibers, up to 120–150 millimetres and were made from fir, cherry or beech tree. They were made using manpowered drills to obtain the desired calibre. In battle were employed from fixed positions (the greater calibres) or could be deployed on the field carried on man or horse-drawn carriages or transported horseback on packsaddles.
The barrel could be sometimes coated with tin in the interior, having the exterior reinforced with 8–10 iron circles. The firing system was identical with the one used on flintlocks.
The cannons could fire a variety of missiles, from cannonballs made of iron, wood or rock, to incendiary materials and a type of grapeshots (a load of smaller rocks with sharp edges to increase damage on attacking compact infantry formations). Also, they were used as a psychological weapon, firing without missiles, simply for the sound, which was enough to create in enemy ranks a state of panic, believing that is attacked by military artillery. In the mountains, the sound was reverberated by the mountain slopes, the sound being thus repeated and amplified.
Wooden cannons were used by the Vietnamese against the French during the Cochinchina campaign in 1862. Some Japanese forces used wooden cannons during the Boshin war in 1868. The Native Peoples of South America used wooden cannons against the Spanish and Portuguese during the 17th and 18th centuries. The Native Americans in North America used improvised wooden cannons against fortifications. Squire Boone also constructed a wooden cannon used in the defense of Boonesborough, Kentucky in 1778 Siege of Boonesborough
Wooden cannons were used in Europe on various occasions. Russian Tsar Peter the Great is known to have built several as a childhood pastime. The Bulgarians used 52 cherry-wood cannon during the April Uprising in 1876; the Macedonians also produced cherry-wood cannon before the Ilinden Uprising in 1903.
Deception method.
In some conflicts, fake cannons made from a wooden log, sometimes painted black, were used to deceive an enemy. Misleading the enemy as to the strength of an emplacement was an effective delaying tactic. Both sides of the American Civil War used such faked weapons, called Quaker Guns. The name derives from the Religious Society of Friends or "Quakers", who have traditionally held a religious opposition to war and violence in the Peace Testimony.

</doc>
<doc id="20152684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152684" title="Directorate of Military Intelligence (Nepal)">
Directorate of Military Intelligence (Nepal)

The Directorate of Military Intelligence in Nepal is the Nepalese Army’s intelligence unit. With the head office at Military Headquarters in Kathmandu, DMI functions under a Brigadier General of the army. DMI collects its intelligence from plainclothes military agents spread all over the country. During the Maoist insurgency period, DMI was focused on internal security than external activities. On the basis of the intelligence provided by DMI, Director of Military Operation (DMO) analyzes the information and prepares accordingly.

</doc>
<doc id="20152691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152691" title="Ministry of Health (Portugal)">
Ministry of Health (Portugal)

The Ministry of Health (Portuguese: "Ministério da Saúde"), is a Portuguese government ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="20152694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152694" title="Iron Highway">
Iron Highway

The Iron Highway is a rail-based intermodal freight concept developed at New York Air Brake in the mid-1980s and tested by CSL Intermodal in the early 1990s. The Iron Highway system employs specially designed locomotives located at each end of a string of 60-meter articulated platforms that divide in the middle to form ramps for the loading and unloading of regular truck trailers. An objective of the concept is to serve standard trailers and containers that are not reinforced for lift-on/lift-off operations. The principal benefit is to extend the economy of intermodal traffic to distances as short as 200 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20152708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152708" title="Watson-Marlow Pumps">
Watson-Marlow Pumps

Watson-Marlow Pumps Group is an internationally operating pump manufacturer based in Falmouth, Cornwall, UK. It is part of the Spirax-Sarco Engineering Group. Watson-Marlow has offices in Belgium, Brazil, China, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Korea, Malaysia, the Netherlands, South Africa, Russia, Sweden and the USA. It is the world's largest manufacturer of peristaltic pumps.
A report by Frost & Sullivan, a global growth consulting company, shows Watson-Marlow as Europe’s number one positive displacement pump brand.
History.
Watson-Marlow was founded in Marlow in Buckinghamshire in 1956 and moved to Falmouth in 1969 with 12 key employees producing mainly medical pumps.
In 1977 the company became part of the Smith & Nephew healthcare group and in 1988 the factory was extended to accommodate the expansion of the business into industrial and scientific markets.
In 1990 the company was acquired by the Spirax-Sarco Engineering Group and this resulted in further expansion in 1995.
1991 Watson-Marlow Inc established, United States of America
1994 Watson-Marlow The Netherlands established
1995 Watson-Marlow Germany, France and Belgium
1996 Spirax-Sarco acquired Bredel Hose Pumps BV
1997 Watson-Marlow Italy
1999 Became Watson-Marlow Bredel in the UK
2000 Acquisition of Watson-Marlow Alitea in Sweden
2001 Falmouth silicone tubing plant comes on stream
2002 323 microprocessor-controlled pumps launched
2003 Watson-Marlow Bredel South-Africa and 520 IP31 and close-coupled pumps launched
2004 Watson-Marlow Bredel Brazil and 520 IP66 pumps introduced
2005 Watson-Marlow China, Korea and 620 IP66 pumps launched
2008 Watson-Marlow Bredel Denmark formed and the acquisition of Flexicon A/S
2009 Watson-Marlow Bredel Switzerland formed, Falmouth second tubing plant built and the acquisition of MasoSine, Germany
In 2008, it acquired Flexicon, a company based in Denmark which manufactures peristaltic aseptic filling systems.
On 14 October 2008, Prince Andrew, Duke of York, visited the company's factory.
The company received financial assistance from Objective One for its new silicone tubing plant.
Products.
Watson-Marlow specialises in producing peristaltic pumps which use the natural process of moving liquid by squeezing a fluid filled tube, so the only contact is between the tube and the fluid and not the pump itself.
Qdos range.
In 2012, Watson-Marlow introduced no-valve metering via the Qdos 30 pump range.
The Qdos 30 eliminates ancillary equipment, enhances productivity, and reduces chemical waste through more accurate, linear, and repeatable metering than typical solenoid or stepper driven diaphragm metering pumps.
The Qdos 30 delivers a 5,000:1 flow range from 0.1 – 500 ml/min and 7 bar while integrating through IP66 manual, analogue, and PROFIBUS control options. Featuring patented ReNu pumphead technology, Qdos 30 is fully sealed for safe, tool-free maintenance.
DriveSure range.
In 2013, Watson-Marlow introduced DriveSure™, a new panel-mount OEM brushless DC gear motor with fully integrated speed controller.
DriveSure offers 24V and 48V dc options, a 51:1 control ratio between 408-8rpm, and directly accepts industry-standard analogue control signals. DriveSure covers a range of Watson-Marlow's pumpheads, including the 102R, 114, 313D, 501RL and 520R series for a flow range from 0.1 to 6,100ml/min.
CE marked and manufactured in conformance with IEC and EN 61010-1, the compact, lightweight design uses Watson-Marlow's own gearbox providing high torque and silent running.
400RXMD range.
In 2013, Watson-Marlow also introduced a new range of 400RXMD panel-mount pumps, designed for medical applications.
The 400RXMD family of pumps retains the original RX pump’s performance and design features, but contains new improvements. The pumps are designed for surgical ablation applications, including treatment of cardiac arrhythmia and cancer, and other surgical procedures.
Applications.
Watson-Marlow's pumps are used in a wide range of applications including the chemical, pharmaceutical, food, beverage, medical, paint, agriculture, ceramics, water and waste sectors. With no seals or valves they can be comparatively easy to maintain and the simple changing of the tube is the only maintenance required.

</doc>
<doc id="20152714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152714" title="Bagillt railway station">
Bagillt railway station

Bagillt railway station was a railway station serving the village of Bagillt on the North Wales Coast Line in the Welsh county of Flintshire. Although trains still pass on the main line, the station closed in 1966.
History.
Opened by the Chester and Holyhead Railway, then joining the London and North Western Railway, the station became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, and was closed by the British Railways Board as part of the Beeching Report economies of the 1960s.
The site today.
Trains still pass on the double track North Wales Coast Line.

</doc>
<doc id="20152752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152752" title="Musselburgh Grammar School">
Musselburgh Grammar School

Musselburgh Grammar School is a large state secondary school that serves as the main secondary school for Musselburgh and the surrounding areas. It dates back to the sixteenth century, although the present building was erected in 1835. Until the 1950s the school was a 'proper' Grammar School, and fees were paid for attendance. As of 2006 the school's roll was 1310.
The current headteacher is Ronald Summers who has been in position since 2003.
HMIE Reports.
In June 1999 the school was criticised following a Care and Welfare Inspection by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Education. The report referred to having witnessed a battle between rival gangs in the school entrance area and that a third of pupil's surveyed feared for their own safety. It also mentioned general weaknesses in safety, security, care and welfare; although the staff are praised for their efforts in the face of serious challenges. This led to a media furore with some newspapers describing the school as 'the worst school in Scotland'.
A follow up inspection in 2000 reported that the school and East Lothian Council had "responded promptly" and made "very good progress" in tackling the problems identified. Since then there have been many positive changes in the school, including the appointment of Ronald Summers as Headteacher, giving rise to improved standards across the board. The school also underwent a major refurbishment under the PPP Scheme during this time to improve the quality of the accommodation.
The most recent HMIE report from 2006 was generally very positive and praised the school for the quality of pupil support, the positive relationships between pupils and staff, and the highly effective leadership the school is now under.
House system.
The school has a well established house system, which divides all pupils in the school into three different Houses when they start.
There was a fourth house in the school called Seton which disbanded in 2011. House assemblies are held weekly and pupils enter a wide range of activities between Houses during the school year.

</doc>
<doc id="20152777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152777" title="Theophidack Nti">
Theophidack Nti

Theophidack Nti (born 3 April 1977 in Accra) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for Richmond Kickers Future.
Career.
He joined Nania F.C. from the second division side in Madina United in 2001, during this period he led the team to be promoted into the Ghanaian first division league. In 2003, he captained the team in its first major tournament in Switzerland in which Nania won a bronze medal, he won a MVP award in that tournament. In 2004, the team won a silver medal in Germany, during its second outing in Europe, Nti captained the team and won an award as one of the most outstanding midfielders of the tournament. He captained Nania in another tournament in Switzerland the same year in which Nania won a silver medal. In addition, Nti led Nania to qualify from the second division to the first division in August 2004, he moved in January 2005 to Richmond Kickers Future.
College Experience and Honors.
In college, Nti led the University of Ghana soccer team to win the University League in 1999, in 2001, he led the same team to win the first West African University games held in Ghana.
International.
Played with Ghanaian Under-20 National Team in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20152781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152781" title="Same Time, Next Year (film)">
Same Time, Next Year (film)

Same Time, Next Year is a 1978 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Robert Mulligan. The screenplay by Bernard Slade is based on his 1975 play of the same title. The film stars Alan Alda and Ellen Burstyn.
Plot synopsis.
The film opens in 1951 at an inn located on the Mendocino County coast. Doris (Ellen Burstyn) is a 24-year-old housewife from Oakland, George (Alan Alda) a 27-year-old accountant from New Jersey. They meet at dinner, have an affair, and then agree to meet once a year to rekindle the sparks they experience at their first meeting, despite the fact that both are happily married, with six children between them. They each discuss their respective spouses, "Harry" and "Helen," although neither spouse is portrayed.
Over the course of the next 26 years, they develop an emotional intimacy deeper than what one would expect to find between two people meeting for a clandestine relationship just once a year. During the time they spend with each other, they discuss births, deaths, including George's son Michael dying in Vietnam, which changes George politically, and marital problems each experiences at home, while they adapt themselves to the social changes affecting their lives.
The last meeting portrayed occurs in 1977. George's wife, Helen, who has died earlier in the year, revealed to a friend that she had known of the affair for 10 years without telling George. Now widowed, George proposes to Doris who refuses to accept because of her loyalty to, and respect for, Harry. Rejected, George leaves for good, only to return with the promise to continue the affair as long as they are able.
Production.
The movie is structured as 6 episodes occurring approximately 5 years apart. Between the scenes are shown a series of photos that relate to the time period of the next episode. The photos are of real life politicians and entertainers such as Harry S. Truman, Nikita Khrushchev, Lucille Ball, Elvis, and John F. Kennedy. The episodes are period specific often making references to what was actually happening at the time portrayed. For example, in the episode about the late 60's Doris is caught up in the protest movement at Berkeley while George takes a Librium and reveals that he voted for Barry Goldwater.
Exteriors for the film were shot at the Heritage House Inn in Little River, California, just south of Mendocino, California. The shell of the cottage was built on a temporary foundation overlooking the Pacific Ocean, but the interior was filmed on a Hollywood sound stage. After filming was completed, Universal paid for the shell to be relocated to a permanent foundation and the interior was outfitted with the studio furnishings. The cottage became a popular romantic getaway, so popular in fact that the Heritage House eventually partitioned the cottage in half and added a second bathroom to the opposite end. One half of the cottage was called "Same Time" and the other half called "Next Year". The Heritage House closed due to foreclosure in December 2008. The "Same Time, Next Year" cottage still stands, and the Heritage House reopened in the Summer of 2013.
Paul McCartney had composed a title song for the film, which he recorded with Wings, that was not used. He later released it as the B-side of a single in 1990. The theme song ultimately used was "The Last Time I Felt Like This," written by Marvin Hamlisch and Alan and Marilyn Bergman and performed by Johnny Mathis and Jane Olivor.
Slade's play was also adapted by Hong Kong filmmaker Clifton Ko for his 1994 movie "I Will Wait for You" starring Tony Leung Ka-Fai and Anita Yuen.
Critical reception.
While Bernard Slade's acclaimed stage play earned a storm of praise, the movie received mixed reviews. Janet Maslin of the "New York Times" said, "Mr. Slade's screenplay isn't often funny, and it's full of momentous events that can't be laughed away . . . As directed by Robert Mulligan . . . "Same Time, Next Year" is both less and more than it could have been. By moving the action outdoors once in a while, or into the inn's restaurant, Mr. Mulligan loses the element of claustrophobia that might have taken an audience's mind off the screenplay's troubles. But he substitutes the serenity of a California coastal setting, and gives the film a visual glamour that is mercifully distracting. Mr. Mulligan seems to have been more interested in sprucing up the material than in preserving its absolute integrity, and under the circumstances, his approach makes sense . . . Mr. Alda isn't terribly playful, and he reads every line as if it were part of a joke, which only accentuates the flatness of the script. Miss Burstyn, on the other hand . . . brings so much sweetness to Doris's various incarnations that the character very nearly comes to life." 
"Variety" called the film "a textbook example of how to successfully transport a stage play to the big screen" and added "The production of Bernard Slade's play, sensitively directed by Robert Mulligan, is everything you'd want from this kind of film. And it features two first class performances by Ellen Burstyn and Alan Alda." 

</doc>
<doc id="20152788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152788" title="Harry Broudy">
Harry Broudy

Harry S. Broudy (July 27, 1905 – June 24, 1998) is a Polish-born educator.
Broudy attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Boston University where he received his Bachelors Degree in German literature and philosophy in 1929. From there, he went to Harvard University and earned his Masters degree in 1933 and his Ph.D in 1936 (both in philosophy). After earning his doctorate in Philosophy, he supervised for the Massachusetts Department of Education. From 1937 to 1957, he taught philosophy of education and educational psychology at a couple of Massachusetts state teacher colleges. From 1957 to 1974, he was a professor at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign teaching philosophy of education.
Broudy's philosophical views were based on the tradition of classical realism, dealing with truth, goodness, and beauty. However he was also influenced by the modern philosophy existentialism and instrumentalism. In his textbook "Building a Philosophy of Education" he has two major ideas that are the main points to his philosophical outlook: The first is truth and the second is universal structures to be found in humanity's struggle for education and the good life. Broudy also studied issues on society's demands on school. He thought education would be a link to unify the diverse society and urged the society to put more trust and a commitment to the schools and a good education.

</doc>
<doc id="20152791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152791" title="Davis Schneiderman">
Davis Schneiderman

Davis Schneiderman (born 1974) is an American writer and academic, known for the unusual packaging of his novels. He is a professor of English at Lake Forest College in Illinois.
Biography.
Schneiderman earned a B.A. from the Pennsylvania State University (1996), an M.A. (1998) and Ph.D. (2001) from Binghamton University. In 2001 he became a professor of English at Lake Forest College, and is currently the Chair of the American Studies Program. Schneiderman also co-directs the Lake Forest Literary Festival, the On the Run lecture series, and was recently named Director of the Lake Forest College Press / &NOW Books. He currently serves as a national board member of the &NOW organization and edits their biennial anthology, "The &NOW AWARDS: The Best Innovative Writing". Schneiderman also serves as Director of the NEH-funded Virtual Burnham Initiative, a project to create 3-D models of the 1909 Plan of Chicago.
Works.
Writing about his novel "Drain", reviewer Renée E. D'Aoust praised the way Schneiderman "conjures images within images" and called the book "creepy and bloody effective".
Schneiderman's work has garnered notice for its unusual packaging, as well as for its writing. He bound his first book "Multifesto" in sandpaper to purposely damage the books next to it. Another of his books was encased in plaster.

</doc>
<doc id="20152793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152793" title="Mark-Ye-Well">
Mark-Ye-Well

Mark-Ye-Well (1949–1970) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Background.
Mark-Ye-Well was gred and raced by Calumet Farm. He was sired by their five-time North American Champion Sire, Bull Lea. Mark-Ye-Well was out of Mar-Kell, Calumet's excellent racing mare who was the 1943 American Champion Older Female Horse.
Trained by the father and son team of Ben and Jimmy Jones, Mark-Ye-Well was ridden by Eddie Arcaro in most of his major races.
Racing career.
At age two, the colt had to be taken out of training as a result of a stifle joint problem and did not return to racing until February 1952. Brought back slowly, the then three-year-old colt did not compete in any of the 1952 U.S. Triple Crown races, but by mid-year had developed into one of the top runners in his age group in the United States. In July he recorded a five length win in the Arlington Classic, which was reportedly the most valuable three-year-old race ever run. In the following month Mark-Ye-Well was described as a "sensation" after he took another lucrative prize when easily winning the $103,325 American Derby. The Calumet colt seemed on the way to winning divisional honors at least, but at Belmont in September he was decisively beaten by Tom Fool in the Jerome Handicap. Two weeks later he beat the Belmont Stakes winner One Count by four lengths in the Lawrence Realization Stakes, but it was One Count who was voted American Champion Three-Year-Old Colt after reversing the form in the Jockey Club Gold Cup.
Mark-Ye-Well was sent to race in California in 1953, where he won the Santa Anita Maturity, the San Fernando Stakes, and the state's richest and most important race, the Santa Anita Handicap. His win in the Santa Anita Handicap was the first for Calumet Farm after three previous tries. He then was sent to compete in the Eastern United States but developed a quarter crack that hampered his performance.
Sent back to start the 1954 racing season in California, the five-year-old Mark-Ye-Well won the San Antonio and San Marcos Handicaps. At Chicago's Arlington Park, he won the Stars and Stripes Handicap and the Laurance Armour Memorial Handicap.
Stud record.
He was retired to stud duty at Calumet Farm beginning with the 1956 season. Mark-Ye-Well sired only three stakes winners before he was sold to breeders in Scandinavia.

</doc>
<doc id="20152797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152797" title="Kate Harrington (poet)">
Kate Harrington (poet)

Kate Harrington, born Rebecca Harrington Smith and later known as Rebecca Smith Pollard, was an American teacher, writer and poet.
Biography.
She was born in Allegheny City, Pennsylvania on September 20, 1831. She spent her most productive years in Iowa. Her father, Prof. N.R. Smith, was a playwright and an authority on Shakespeare. She was married to New York poet and editor Oliver I. Taylor. Harrington was the anonymous author of "Emma Bartlett, or Prejudice and Fanaticism", a fictional reply to "Uncle Tom’s Cabin", intended to expose the hypocrisy of Know-Nothingism.
Harrington’s family moved to Ohio, then Kentucky, where Harrington worked as a teacher. Later, she taught in Chicago. Harrington lived in various Iowa cities, including Farmington, Keosauqua, Burlington, Ft. Madison and Keokuk. She began her writing career with the Louisville Journal, whose editor opposed secession and was an important influence in keeping Kentucky in the Union.
In her "Letters from a Prairie Cottage", Harrington included a children's corner with tales about taming and raising animals and of a cat who adopted orphan chicks. Harrington also wrote other children’s books, including a primer and a speller. Pollard's work in the field of reading represented a pioneer effort in terms of creating a sequential reading program of intensive synthetic phonics, complete with a separate teacher's manual and spelling and reading books, and moving into a broad based graded series of literature readers. Her series is important for its high correlation of spelling and reading instruction, for its concern for the interests of children, for its incorporation of music into the process of learning to read, and as the forerunner for other phonics systems. Her readers were used in every state in the Union and were still in use in Keokuk, Iowa, as late as 1937. Few women have single-handedly contributed so much to the field of reading.
In 1869, she published a book of poems entitled "Maymie", as a tribute to her ten-year-old daughter who died that year.
"Emma Bartlett" received mixed reviews when it was published in 1856. The "Ohio Statesman" gave her a very good review but the "Cincinnati Times" said, "We have read this book. We pronounce the plot an excellent one and the style charming, but she has failed to fulfill the intended mission of the book." It accused her of also showing prejudice and fanaticism typical of the politicians that she tried to defend.
In 1870, Harrington published "In Memoriam, Maymie, April 6th, 1869", a meditation on death and suffering, written on the occasion of the death of Harrington's young daughter.
In 1876, Harrington published “Centennial, and Other Poems,” to commemorate the one hundredth anniversary of the Declaration of Independence, and the Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia, the first official World's Fair to be held in the United States. The volume included many poems about Iowa, as well as selected poems of Harrington's father, Prof. N.R. Smith, and illustrations of the Centennial grounds in Philadelphia.
Kate Harrington, or Rebecca Harrington Smith Pollard wrote all of her life. She was 79 years old when she produced the poem, “Althea” or “Morning Glory,” which relates to Iowa. She died in Ft. Madison on May 29, 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="20152798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152798" title="Swallowing Darkness">
Swallowing Darkness

Swallowing Darkness (2008) is the seventh novel in the Merry Gentry series written by Laurell K. Hamilton.
Plot.
"Swallowing Darkness" follows the further adventures of Princess Meredith "Merry Gentry" NicEssus. Merry has finally succeeded in getting pregnant. Having done so before her cousin Cel could impregnate one of his women, she will be able to claim the Unseelie throne from her aunt Andais as long as she successfully carries her twin babies to term and gives birth. This news makes her a target for many of the fae who are unhappy with the idea of Merry gaining the throne, forcing Merry's royal guard to become more cautious about her security. Meanwhile Merry is still reeling from the sexual attack from her uncle Taranis, King of the Seelie court, as well as with the loss of her lover Frost. To make matters worse, Taranis claims that he was the one who impregnated Merry. 
Reception.
Publishers Weekly praised "Swallowing Darkness", stating "The dreamy development of the surrealistic fey world puts this installment well above its predecessors; a tidy ending will leave fans wondering whether it concludes the series." RT Book Reviews gave the novel 2 stars, stating that "descriptions of clothing, hair and eyes take precedence over story; random objects of power appear fortuitously; and Merry and her guards take time to process their emotions while running for their lives. Some may enjoy this volume; others may prefer something with more meat on its bones."

</doc>
<doc id="20152799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152799" title="Distillation (Wishbone Ash album)">
Distillation (Wishbone Ash album)

Distillation is a 1997 compilation album released by Wishbone Ash. The album's fourth disc is composed solely of live recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="20152805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152805" title="Economic repression in the Soviet Union">
Economic repression in the Soviet Union

Economic repression in the Soviet Union was carried out for ideological and political reasons.
Economic repression of social classes.
Eventually the social classes which were considered "enemies of the people" were dealt with by means of political repression, however in early periods of the Soviet history, undesirable classes, such as "kulaks" (rich peasants) were actively repressed by economical means, such as increased taxation and various restrictions on economic activities. 

</doc>
<doc id="20152814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152814" title="Juan Carlos Anangonó">
Juan Carlos Anangonó

Juan Carlos Anangonó Campos (born March 29, 1989) is an Ecuadorian footballer currently playing for Argentinos Juniors of Argentina First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20152818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152818" title="Nyeri Town Constituency">
Nyeri Town Constituency

Nyeri Town Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of six constituencies in Nyeri District, Central Province. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20152833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152833" title="Emmett Hanger">
Emmett Hanger

Emmett Wilson Hanger, Jr. (born August 2, 1948, in Staunton, Virginia) is an American politician of the Republican Party. He was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates from 1983 to 1991, when he was unseated by Creigh Deeds. Since 1996 he has been a member of the Senate of Virginia. He currently represents the 24th district. This district, located in the central Shenandoah Valley and nearby sections of the Blue Ridge Mountains, includes the independent cities of Staunton, Waynesboro and Lexington; all of three counties; and parts of three others.
In October 2013, the Americans for Prosperity (AFP) group began, according to Hanger, “an attempt to intimidate me” in the AFP group's campaign to oppose "Obamacare" in the state of Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20152837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152837" title="Benvenuto di Giovanni">
Benvenuto di Giovanni

Benvenuto di Giovanni, also known as Benvenuto di Giovanni di Meo del Guasta ( 1436 – 1509/1518) was an Italian painter and artist.
Benvenuto was born in Siena and lived and worked there nearly his entire life. Over the course of 43 years he produced numerous panel paintings, frescoes, and manuscripts. He was married in 1466 to Jacopa di Tommaso da Cetona and had seven children. Despite his productivity, Benvenuto did not find fortune in art. He and his wife bought a vineyard where they both worked. Later he got involved in local politics, serving two terms in public office. He continued in the early 16th century in art, frequently collaborating with his son Girolamo di Benvenuto, who also became a painter.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20152862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152862" title="List of Rude Awakening episodes">
List of Rude Awakening episodes

The following is an episode list for the American television sitcom "Rude Awakening", which ran from 1 August 1998 until 15 February 2001. A total of 55 episodes were produced.

</doc>
<doc id="20152869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152869" title="Natércia">
Natércia

Natércia is a city and municipality in southern Minas Gerais State, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="20152883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152883" title="America Olivo">
America Olivo

America Athene Olivo (a.k.a. America Campbell; born January 5, 1978) is an actress, singer and model best known as a member of the band Soluna, for her roles in the films "Bitch Slap" (2009), "Friday the 13th" (2009) and "Maniac" (2012) as well as starring in the Broadway musical "".
Personal life.
Born in Los Angeles, she has multiple citizenships: American, Canadian and Italian, but is ethnically a mix of Chilean, Italian, Irish, Spanish/Basque and Belgian. Olivo is the daughter of Danica d'Hondt, Miss Canada in 1959, and winemaker, Nello Olivo. She is married to actor Christian Campbell.
Career.
Music and modeling.
Shortly after graduating with her bachelor degree from The Juilliard School in New York City, Olivo returned to her native Los Angeles where she formed the Latin Pop/R&B band Soluna with Aurora Rodriguez, T Lopez and Jessica Castellanos.
Based on their stage and recording successes, UPN made a deal with Soluna to develop a sitcom based on their lives as a band. In April 2004, they filmed the "Soluna" pilot which aired on UPN. UPN declined to pick up the series after the pilot.
Soluna disbanded in late 2004, and Olivo concentrated on her career as an actress and solo musician.
In 2008, Olivo appeared in the dance single titled "Deja Vu" with an album release under Dauman Music which became a top 40 billboard dance chart hit with remixes by Dj Escape known for several remixed hits for Beyonce. That same year, she appeared nude painted in head to toe silver on the cover of Mötley Crüe's "Saints of Los Angeles" album. Olivo is also on the cover of two well-known romance novels.
Olivo appeared on the cover of the June 2009 issue of "Playboy" magazine. Inside, she appears in seven fully nude photos, shot by fashion photographer Terry Richardson.
Stage and screen.
The "Soluna" pilot opened many doors for Olivo, allowing her the opportunity to return to her roots in the theater when she performed the lead female role in a new musical "Hotel C'est L'Amour", at The Blank Theatre in Los Angeles. In 2007, Olivo was nominated for an LA Weekly Theater Award for originating the role of "Marie" in this production.
Olivo recently starred in the new Broadway musical "" as a swing and understudy for the lead role of "Arachne". Previews began on November 28, 2010. When Natalie Mendoza, who starred as Arachne, suffered a concussion at that first preview, Olivo played the role for several weeks in December 2010. The physically demanding role involves aerial sequences, including being spun upside-down. When Mendoza unexpectedly left the show permanently later that month, the role of Arachne went to T.V. Carpio instead of Olivo, who remained as understudy. When Carpio was injured in March 2011 and withdrew from the show for two weeks, Olivo performed the role again. Olivo left the show on April 17, 2011, when the show closed for revisions. She did not return when performances resumed May 12.
Aside from performing on stage, she quickly became busy outside of her musical career with Soluna, appearing as a guest star in numerous television series such as "House", "General Hospital", "The Brother's Garcia", "How I Met Your Mother", "Jake In Progress", "Cuts" ', ', "Warehouse 13" currently recurring on Olivo continues to perform as a singer, recording original music and performing covers for films.
In 2007, Olivo completed features titled "The Last Resort" and "Love Shack". In 2008, she was featured in the DVD release "" starring opposite Tony Todd and Jason Connery and the theatrical release "Circle". Olivo's 2009 theatrical releases in leading roles are action/comedy "Bitch Slap" and Michael Bay’s new reboot of "Friday the 13th". In February 2009, she wrapped the feature film "Neighbor", where she met husband Christian Campbell. More recently she filmed the remake of "Maniac" starring Elijah Wood, "No One Lives" starring Luke Evans and "Conception" starring David Arquette. Recently Olivo joined the cast of "Chicago PD", a spin off of "Chicago Fire".
In 2013, Olivo and husband Christian Campbell began development of a script based on the life of Olivo's uncle, Olympic gold medal winner Walter D'Hondt.
In 2013, Olivo became the spokesperson for Baby Quest Foundation founded by Pamela Hirsch to help raise funds for medical expenses imposed on infertile couples.

</doc>
<doc id="20152885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152885" title="Ian Luder">
Ian Luder

Ian David Luder CBE (born 1951) was the 681st Lord Mayor of the City of London, serving from 2008 to 2009.
Luder attended Haberdashers' Aske's Boys' School, Elstree then studied Economics and Economic History at University College London (BA) before working as a tax accountant for Arthur Andersen and later Grant Thornton. He regularly comments on tax matters, and helped to found the Worshipful Company of Tax Advisers, and is a liveryman of the Coopers' Company. He entered local government as a Labour Councillor in Bedford, and was a member of Bedford Borough Council for 23 years. Luder also stood for Parliament as the Labour Party candidate for Yeovil in 1979
Luder served as a Sheriff of the City of London for 2007–08 and was elected Lord Mayor on 29 September 2008, taking office in the "Silent Ceremony" on 7 November. He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2010 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="20152896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152896" title="Montpellier, Quebec">
Montpellier, Quebec

Montpellier is a town and municipality in the Papineau Regional County Municipality in the Outaouais region of Quebec, Canada. The town is located northwest of Papineauville.
The municipality includes the settlements of Montpellier and Lac-Schryer. Its western portion consists mostly of undeveloped Laurentian Hills, part of the Papineau-Labelle Wildlife Reserve.
History.
In the late 19th century, pioneers arrived in the area searching for work in logging and agriculture. In 1882, in the north-west of what would later become the village, the forestry company W.C. Edwards opened a project to exploit timber at Muskrat Lake. Under the supervision of foreman, a man named Schraire, the log drivers brought logs down the creek to Lake Schryer to reach the saw mill downstream of the lake.
Settlement occurred slowly along the shores of Lake Schryer. In 1892, Louis Beaulieu, called Montpellier, settled here on a farm and opened a post office and general store. After his marriage to Albina Bissonnette, they settled in the village known as Montpellier today. Shortly after, Moses Faubert left Mulgrave Township and settled here with his sixteen children. Several other families from neighboring townships came to reside in the village, contributing to the development of the small community.
In 1900, construction began on a chapel at the village center. On 25 September 1902, the mission of Notre-Dame-de-la-Consolation was founded, and on 21 October 1907, the Archbishop of Ottawa decreed the establishment of the parish. On 23 October 1920, the Municipality of Montpellier was formed, matching the boundaries of the parish.
In 1998, the southern portion of the Lac-des-Écorces Unorganized Territory was annexed by Montpellier, adding about and more than doubling its size.
Demographics.
Population trend:
Private dwellings (occupied by usual residents): 487
Languages:
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20152908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152908" title="WLKM">
WLKM

WLKM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20152911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152911" title="1974 France rugby union tour of Brazil and Argentina">
1974 France rugby union tour of Brazil and Argentina

The 1974 France rugby union tour of Brazil and Argentina was a series of rugby union team matches played in June 1974 by France in Argentina and Brasil.
Results.
France: J.Irazabal, A.Paco, A.Vaquerin; J.Bastiat, G.Senal; V.Boffelli, C.Paul (J.Rossignol); O.Saisset (capt.); D.Fouroux, H.Cabrol; J.Pecune, R.Bertranne (C.Dourthe), J.Lux, J.Gourdon; J.Aguirre. 
Cuyo: J, González, J.Crivelli, R.Fariello; A.Cat¬taneo, R.Irañeta (capt.); J.Ragazzone, J.Nasazzi, J.Navesi; L.Chacón, P.Guarrochena; M.Brandi, O.Terranova, D.Muñiz, C.Dora; J, Castro. France: A.Vaquerin, A.Paco, P.Dospital; J.Rossignol, F.Haget; S.Lassoujade, J.Bastiat, J.Skrela; R, Astre, J.Romeu; J.Pecune (H.Cabrol), C.Dourthe (capt.), J.Etchenique, L.Desnoyers; J.Aguirre. 
Buenos Aires: M.Carluccio, F.Lafuente, O'.Carbone; C, Bottarini (R.García Fernández), J.Rodríguez jurado; J.Carracedo, R.Lucke, N.Carbone (capt.) (O.Rocha); M.Cutler, F.González Victorica; F.Villamil, E.Morgan, A.Cappelletti, R.Benyon; T.Harris Smith, France: A.Vaquerin, J.Ugartemendía, P.Dospital; J.Senal, F, Haget; S.Lassoujade, J.Rossignol, V.Boffelli; M.Barrau (capt.), H.Cabrol; R.Bertranne, C.Dourthe, J.Etchenique, L.Desnoyers; M.Droitecourt. 
France: J.Iracabal, J.Ugartemendía, P, Dospital; J.Bastiat, F.Haget; O.Saisset, C.Paul, S.Lassoujade; M.Barrau (cap.), J.Romeu; L.Desnoyers, J, Etchenique, R.Bertranne, J.Gourdon; J.Aguirre. 
Interior: J.Pavani (J.Viders), J.Costante, S.Fumo; J.Mangiamelli, R.Passaglia; J.Nasazzi, M. Chesta (capt.) (E.Mainini), J.Navesi; R.Castagna (64' L.Chacón) J.Escalante; R.Tarquini, O.Terranova, L.Muñiz, C, Dora; L.Chacón.
France: P.Dospital, J.Ugartemendía, A.Vaquerin; J.Rossignol, G.Sena]; S.Lassoujade, C.Paul, O, Saisset (capt.); R.Astre J.Cabrol; L.Desnoyers, J.Etchenique, J.Lux, J.Gourdon; M.Droitecourt. 

</doc>
<doc id="20152918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152918" title="KkStB Class 265">
KkStB Class 265

The Austrian kkStB Class 265 were branch line tank locomotives with the Imperial Austrian State Railways, which had originally been procured by the Bohemian Northern Railway Company ("Böhmische Nordbahn-Gesellschaft") as Class BNB Class VIb for duties on the Böhmisch Leipa-Steinschönau railway line. 
The two locomotives were built in Prague in 1907 by the Erste Böhmisch-Mährische Maschinenfabrik. 
The locomotives spent their entire lives on their home line. In 1924 the Czechoslovakian State Railways (ČSD) grouped the engines into their ČSD Class 312.7. After the Second World War the Deutsche Reichsbahn gave them the designation DR Class 90.3.
On the introduction into service of new ČSD Class M 131.1 railcars, these locomotives were retired in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20152920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152920" title="CIRDAP">
CIRDAP

CIRDAP (Centre on Integrated Rural Development for Asia and the Pacific) is a Bangladeshan intergovernmental organization involved in rural development and poverty alleviation. It was established on 6 July 1979 at the initiative of the countries of the Asia-Pacific region and the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) of the United Nations with support from several other UN bodies and donors. Initially it had six members countries and has grown to fifteen. It is headquartered in Chameli House,in front of the Supreme court of Bangladesh Dhaka.
The member countries are:
Events.
Seminar on CIRDAP’s 31st Foundation Day, Dhaka, 6 July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20152921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152921" title="James Yabe">
James Yabe

James Yabe is a Japanese-American martial arts instructor, and author. One of the oldest students of Hidetaka Nishiyama starting in 1961, Yabe is considered one of the great instructors of Japanese traditional Shotokan Karate.
Martial arts training.
He was born in a relocation camp in the United States in November 1941. As a child the Yabe family moved to Japan after WWII, returning to Los Angeles, California, at the age of 13. He attended Jordan High School in Los Angeles. In 1958 he started Shotokan Karate with Tsutomu Ohshima and in 1961 started his training with Hidetaka Nishiyama, becoming one of Nishiyama Sensei's most senior students. 
Yabe was the combined champion of the 1st All America Karate Tournament in 1961 while still a brown belt. In 1962, 1963, 1966 and 1967, Yabe added victories in the All America Karate Tournament competition. He was a member of the US National Team at the WUKO World Championships in 1970 in Tokyo and at the 2nd WUKO World Championships in 1972 in Paris.
Yabe attended UCLA and received his bachelor's degree in Engineering. While doing his undergraduate work, he became the instructor of the Shotokan Karate Club at UCLA. In his college years he entered the 7th JKA National Championship representing the United States. During his time in Japan he trained under instructors such as Kanazawa sensei, Yaguchi sensei, Enoeda sensei, and Shirai sensei.
Training in Japan.
From 1972 to 1976 Yabe left the United States to train in Japan. During this time he received his instructors credential from the JKA. When in Japan he also studied Iaidō, the art of sword fighting. When he returned to the United States in 1976, Yabe started a karate class at the Gardena Buddhist Church as a part of the Japanese Language School. He also taught at UCLA and was an assistant instructor at LA Central Dojo.
Reputation.
Yabe's reputation has spread worldwide due to his technical expertise, his skill and his style of instruction. He is noted among fellow instructors for his ability to guide students with a strong technical understanding, dynamic movement and the cultivation of a strong Karate spirit. 
Sensei Yabe continues to instruct in the Los Angeles South Bay Area and teaches seminars and courses around the U.S. and abroad. He is known for his DVDs concerning traditional karate.
In December 1961 the AAKF ( American Amateur Karate Federation) held its first competition in Los Angeles at the Olympic Auditorium. With only a few years of training Yabe won both the kata and kumite fields. 

</doc>
<doc id="20152924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152924" title="1977 France rugby union tour of Argentina">
1977 France rugby union tour of Argentina

The 1977 France rugby union tour of Argentina was a series of matches played between June and July 1977 in Argentina France national rugby union team
Two test matches was played with a victory for France and a draw.

</doc>
<doc id="20152927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152927" title="The Collection (Wishbone Ash album)">
The Collection (Wishbone Ash album)

The Collection is a 2003 compilation album released by Wishbone Ash.

</doc>
<doc id="20152943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152943" title="Heartbeat hypothesis">
Heartbeat hypothesis

The heartbeat hypothesis postulates that every living creature has a limited number of heartbeats or breaths. The hypothesis is based on two observations. First, that small mammals (such as a mouse) have rapid resting heart rate compared to a larger mammal (such as an elephant), and that their respective lifespans are inversely proportional to those rates. Second, is that athletically fit people tend to have a lower resting heart rate and tend to live longer than unhealthy people.
In 1926 Raymond Pearl proposed that longevity varies inversely with basal metabolic rate (the "rate of living hypothesis"). Support for this hypothesis comes from the fact that mammals with larger body size have longer maximum life spans and the fact that the longevity of fruit flies varies inversely with ambient temperature. Additionally, the life span of houseflies can be extended by preventing physical activity.
Support for this theory has been bolstered by several studies linking a lower basal metabolic rate (evident with a lowered heartbeat) to increased life expectancy. This is thought to be the key to why animals like the Giant Tortoise can live over 150 years. Studies in humans with 100+ year life spans have shown a link to decreased thyroid activity (lowered metabolic rate) to their longevity.
However, the ratio of resting metabolic rate to total daily energy expenditure can vary between 1.6 to 8.0 between species of mammals. Animals also vary in the degree of coupling between oxidative phosphorylation and ATP production, the amount of saturated fat in mitochondrial membranes, the amount of DNA repair, and many other factors that affect maximum life span.

</doc>
<doc id="20152951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152951" title="1985 France rugby union tour of Brazil, Argentina and Uruguay">
1985 France rugby union tour of Brazil, Argentina and Uruguay

The 1985 France rugby union tour of South America was a series of matches played in June 1985 in South America by France national rugby union team.
Matches.
"Scores and results list France's points tally first."

</doc>
<doc id="20152960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152960" title="Jason Williams (basketball, born 1983)">
Jason Williams (basketball, born 1983)

Jason Williams (born November 17, 1983) is an American professional basketball player. A 1.98 m (6'6") forward, he is currently playing for Halifax Rainmen of the National Basketball League of Canada (NBL). He formerly appeared at the Euroleague with the European powerhouse Maccabi Tel Aviv.
College career.
Williams played college basketball at the University of Texas at El Paso. He helped the Miners to three straight postseason appearances and 72 wins during his three-year career at UTEP. Finished his career with 1225 points, 614 rebounds and 300 assists. He was named to the 2nd Team All-Conference USA Team, the 2005 All-WAC Defense Team and the 2004 WAC All-Tournament Team.
On March 14, 2006, in the second-to-last game of his college career, Williams recorded the first triple-double in UTEP school history (and also his first). He had 17 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists in an NIT Tournament victory over Lipscomb.
Professional career.
He joined the Israeli League club Bnei HaSharon in 2006. In 2008, he joined the Israeli club Maccabi Tel Aviv. In 2009, he joined Ironi Nahariya.
Suspension.
On December 7, 2005, Williams was suspended indefinitely by UTEP for breaking the jaw of freshman teammate Stefon Jackson with a sucker punch during a particularly physical practice. Since Williams was the team's best player, his suspension ended up being only one game when Jackson, his victim, urged coach Doc Sadler to reinstate Williams for the good of the team.

</doc>
<doc id="20152966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152966" title="Backbones">
Backbones

Backbones is a 2004 live compilation album released by Wishbone Ash. The album's third disc contains live and acoustic versions of previously unreleased material.

</doc>
<doc id="20152969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152969" title="Mukurweini Constituency">
Mukurweini Constituency

Mukurweini Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of six constituencies in Nyeri District, Central Province. Mukurweini Constituency comprises Mukurweini division of Nyeri District. 
The constituency has seven wards, all electing councillors for the Nyeri County Council. The constituency was established for the 1969 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20152971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152971" title="1999 Czech Republic motorcycle Grand Prix">
1999 Czech Republic motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1999 Czech Republic motorcycle Grand Prix was the tenth round of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 22 August 1999 at the Masaryk Circuit located in Brno, Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20152983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152983" title="The Count of Monte Cristo (1929 film)">
The Count of Monte Cristo (1929 film)

Le Comte de Monte Cristo (1929) is a French silent film directed by Henri Fescourt, and is a film adaptation of "The Count of Monte Cristo", a novel by Alexandre Dumas, père.

</doc>
<doc id="20152991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20152991" title="1999 City of Imola motorcycle Grand Prix">
1999 City of Imola motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1999 City of Imola motorcycle Grand Prix was the eleventh round of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 5 September 1999 at Imola.

</doc>
<doc id="20153006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153006" title="Hannah Smith (supercentenarian)">
Hannah Smith (supercentenarian)

Hannah Smith (7 January 1856 – 10 January 1966) was born in Salford, England and lived to become a British supercentenarian and the oldest recognised living person in the world. 
Smith collapsed on her 110th birthday, and died three days later at Woodhouse, Sheffield. Smith smoked until five years before her death. Smith lived much of her life in Chesterfield and was a former dressmaking lecturer. She was listed in the 1967 Guinness World Records

</doc>
<doc id="20153019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153019" title="1999 Valencian Community motorcycle Grand Prix">
1999 Valencian Community motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1999 Valencian Community motorcycle Grand Prix was the twelfth round of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 19 September 1999 at the Circuit de Valencia.

</doc>
<doc id="20153025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153025" title="Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986">
Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986

Denmark was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, held in Bergen, Norway. 
The Danish national final to select their entry, the Dansk Melodi Grand Prix, was held on 22 February at the Danmarks Radio Studios in Copenhagen, and was hosted for the ninth straight time by radio and television host Jørgen de Mylius. Five regional juries across Denmark selected the winning song out of five songs that survived a semifinal round.
The winning entry was "Du er fuld af løgn," performed by Lise Haavik and composed by John Hatting.
At Eurovision.
Lise Haavik performed eighteenth on the night of the contest, following Sweden and preceding Finland. At the close of the voting the song had received 77 points, placing 6th in a field of 20 competing countries. This high placing was the start of six top-ten finishes for Denmark in the Contest.

</doc>
<doc id="20153029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153029" title="Prussian T 9">
Prussian T 9

The Prussian T 9 was a class of German steam locomotive which included several types of tank engine, all with six coupled wheels and two carrying wheels operated by the Prussian state railways.
T 9.1.
Class T 9.1 of the Prussian state railways were goods train tank locomotives with a 0-6-2T wheel arrangement. They were intended for service on branch lines, for goods train duties on main lines and for shunting (rail) work. A total of 420 locomotives were built by various manufacturers for the Prussian state railways as well as 6 units for the Cronberg Railway, which had been taken over by the state railways in 1914.
In 1923 they were included by the Deutsche Reichsbahn as DRG Class 90.0-2 in their initial numbering plan with running numbers 90 001 to 90 328. In 1925 the final plan recorded locomotives with the numbers 90 001 - 021, 90 024 - 90 115, 90 117 - 122 and 90 125 - 231 as well as the incorrectly designated Class 91 group with the numbers 91 088, 91 089, 91 109 - 114 and 91 301 and 302. They were joined later by 90 234 from the Bremen harbour railway, 90 235 - 237 from the Saar Railway and 90 241 - 245 from the Lübeck-Büchen Railway, that had ordered six new T 9.1 engines in 1900 and 1903, and later bought four more, second-hand, locomotives from the Prussian state railways.
Several examples of this engine were handed over to foreign railway administrations and some of them later returned to the Deutsche Reichsbahn fleet during the Second World War as 90 246 - 251.
Two T9.1 have been preserved: One at the Bochum-Dahlhausen Railway Museumas "Cöln 1833", later "Cöln 7270" [http://www.dgeg.de/KatalogDetail.php4?katalog_db=0&id=2&listID=7067257ccd0fea69bb37aab91d3dafa3, the other at the South German Railway Museum, Heilbronn [http://www.eisenbahnmuseum-heilbronn.de/haupttext_t9_1.html] as "Cöln 1857".
T 9 - Elberfeld variant.
The T 9 Elberfeld variant of the Prussian state railways was a goods train tank locomotive with an 0-6-2 wheel arrangement. These vehicles were planned for service on the line between Elberfeld and Cronenberg. For that purpose the firm of George Krauss built four examples, which were very similar to the Bavarian D VIII, because the Prussian T 3 was deemed to be too underpowered. After the locomotives had proved their worth, Henschel built another 33 examples.
In the 1923 DRG renumbering plan for steam locomotives the locomotives were grouped into DRG Class 90.3 with running numbers 351 - 363. In addition they were joined by T 9.1 engines with numbers 90 154, 155, 167, 180 - 183. In the 1925 numbering plan only locomotive 90 116 was left. She was retired in 1931. Seven of these locomotives were handed over to private railways where they were in service until the 1950s.
T 9 - Langenschwalbach variant.
The Langenschwalbach variant of the T 9 with the Prussian state railways was a 0-6-2T tank locomotive. They were planned for service on the "Aartalbahn" between Wiesbaden and Langenschwalbach (today Bad Schwalbach), because this line, with inclines of up to 3,3%, had proven too steep for the Prussian T 3 engines on duty there. As a result it was decided in 1889 to build eight new locomotives for the 21.4 km long route.
The engines had Allan valve gear, the carrying axle was designed as an Adams axle and the steam dome was located on the front boiler ring. Various brake systems were tested on these locos. In the 1923 renumbering plan, three locomotives were earmarked for renumbering to 90 002, 066 and 067. However by 1925 they had been retired.
In 1930, following the takeover of the Bremen harbour railway, two more locomotives of this type joined the Deutsche Reichsbahn as numbers 90 232 and 90 233. However they were retired in the same year.
T 9 - Upper Hessian Railway.
The single Upper Hessian Railway variant of the T9 was a goods train tank locomotive with a 0-6-2T wheel arrangement. It was built in 1895 by Krauss to a Bavarian design shortly before the transfer of this Hessian state railway to the Prussian state railways. It was given the number 26 by the Upper Hessian Railway; the Prussian state railway initially designated it as "Frankfurt 1871" and in 1906 as "Frankfurt 7205".
T 9.2.
Class T 9.2 of the Prussian state railways were goods train tank locomotives with a 2-6-0T wheel arrangement. They had the same range of tasks as the T 9.1. Even its main dimensions were largely the same. The reason for its design was a fear that the riding qualities of the T 9.1 were too poor. As a result it was given a leading axle instead of a trailing axle.
Of the 235 machines built, 154 units were incorporated by the Deutsche Reichsbahn in its 1923 renumbering plan and designated as DRG Class 91.0-1. According to the 1925 numbering plan, 111 locomotives were taken over as 91 001–087, 91 090–108, 91 115, as well as the wrongly classified 90 023, 90 024, 90 123 and 90 124.
The locos with running numbers 91 116–121 came from the Bremen harbour railway (91 116) and the Saar Railway. They were joined in 1938 by numbers 91 131–136 from the Brunswick State Railway. In the Second World War locomotives 91 137–149 came from Poland. After the war there were only a few left in service. The Deutsche Bundesbahn retired its last machine in 1953 and the Deutsche Reichsbahn (GDR) followed suite in 1966. The Reichsbahn engine, 91 134, has been preserved and since August 2006 has been owned by the Mecklenburg Railway Society ("Mecklenburgische Eisenbahnfreunden") in Schwerin.
T 9.3.
Class T 9.3 of the Prussian state railways were tank locomotives that were used both in passenger and freight train services. A total of 2,060 were of this type were built for the Prussian state railways (including those engines from the East Prussian Southern Railway which was nationalised in 1903). The Royal Württemberg State Railways procured a further 10 examples as the Württemberg T 9. The Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine had bought a total of 132 T 9.3s. Even various private railways took delivery of the T 9.3. In 1925 it was included by the Deutsche Reichsbahn as DRG Class 91.3-18 and 91.20 in its numbering plan.
This was an evolutionary development of the Prussian T 9.2, in which the main difference was the use of a Krauss-Helmholtz bogie instead of an Adams axle. That meant that its top speed could be increased to 60 km/h, and later even to 65 km/h. The Reichsbahn took over 1,503 machines from Prussia as 91 303 - 1805, of which ten T9.3s originally came from the Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine; 31 from the Saar Railway as 91 1806 - 1836 and 10 Württemberg T 9s as 91 2001 - 2010. In the Second World War more locomotives were added from Belgium as numbers 91 1837 - 1844.
In the early 1950s the Deutsche Reichsbahn (GDR) took over yet more T 9.3s from private railways, with the numbers 91 6501, 6576, 6577, 6581 and 6582, some of which had been converted to superheating.
Their retirement began after 1945 and was completed in the Deutsche Bundesbahn in 1964 and in the Deutsche Reichsbahn (GDR) in 1971.
Six T 9.3s remained in Austria after the Second World War. Two were handed over to the SZD in 1948 (91 1700 and 1822), two were rather quickly retired (91 1421 in 1951 and 91 1314 in 1952). The remaining two engines, 91 1207 and 91 1347, formed ÖBB Class 691 retaining their serial numbers. Both were used in the St. Pölten region and retired in 1957.
In Germany two have been preserved: number 91 896II in Dresden and 91 936 in Berlin. The Minden Museum Railway is rebuilding a T 9.3.

</doc>
<doc id="20153034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153034" title="C U When U Get There">
C U When U Get There

"C U When U Get There" is a song by Coolio featuring 40 Thevz based on the melody of Johann Pachelbel, Canon in D Major. It was released in 1997 as the first single from Coolio's album "My Soul". "C U When U Get There" was also featured on the soundtrack to the 1997 comedy film "Nothing to Lose". The song peaked at number 12 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart and number 7 on the Hot Rap Tracks chart in the US. It was an international success, reaching the top 10 in many countries throughout Europe. It samples Pachelbel's Canon extensively. The record has been certified gold by the RIAA.
Cover.
Azerbaijani rap band Dayirman and rapper Elşad Xose covered the song with Coolio in 2004 during Coolio's concert visit to Baku, Azerbaijan.
Jonah Hill and the cast of "Saturday Night Live" covered the song during Hill's hosting appearance on March 10, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20153038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153038" title="1988 France rugby union tour of South America">
1988 France rugby union tour of South America

The 1988 France rugby union tour of South America was a series of eight matches played by the France national rugby union team in Argentina and Paraguay in June 1988. The French team won six matches, drew one and lost one. The two-match series against the Argentina national rugby union team was drawn, France winning the first game and Argentina the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20153040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153040" title="1999 Australian motorcycle Grand Prix">
1999 Australian motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1999 Australian motorcycle Grand Prix was the thirteenth round of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 3 October 1999 at the Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20153060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153060" title="1992 France rugby union tour of Argentina">
1992 France rugby union tour of Argentina

The 1992 France rugby union tour of Argentina was a series of match played by France rugby union team in June and jule 1992, in Argentina.
France won both the official test match against the Pumas.

</doc>
<doc id="20153071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153071" title="1996 France rugby union tour of Argentina">
1996 France rugby union tour of Argentina


</doc>
<doc id="20153074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153074" title="Spy in the House of Love (song)">
Spy in the House of Love (song)

"Spy in the House of Love" is a song by art-funk ensemble Was (Not Was). It was released in 1987, but became a large hit for the group in the U.S. and the UK in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20153085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153085" title="1999 South African motorcycle Grand Prix">
1999 South African motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1999 South African motorcycle Grand Prix was the fourteenth round of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 10 October 1999 at Phakisa Freeway.

</doc>
<doc id="20153096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153096" title="1998 France rugby union tour of Argentina and Fiji">
1998 France rugby union tour of Argentina and Fiji

The 1998 France rugby union tour of Australia and Fiji was a series of matches played in June 1998 in Argentina and Fiji by France national rugby union team.
Results.
"Scores and results list France's points tally first."

</doc>
<doc id="20153101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153101" title="Quinton Hosley">
Quinton Hosley

Quinton Robert Hosley (born on March 25, 1984) is an American born Georgian professional basketball player for Virtus Roma of the Italian League. He is a 2.01 m tall (6 ft 6 ¾ in) 98 kg (215 lb.) swingman.
Collegiate career.
He played two seasons of the college basketball at Lamar Community College and Fresno State University. His career averages are 16.1 points and 9 rebounds per game.
Professional career.
After going undrafted in the 2007 NBA Draft, Hosley joined the Turkish League team Pınar Karşıyaka in 2007. In 2008, he joined the Spanish ACB League team Real Madrid. After being released from Real Madrid due to poor performances, Hosley signed a contract with the Turkish team Galatasaray Café Crown.
On October 23, 2010, he agreed to a deal with another Turkish team Aliağa Petkim.
In the summer of 2010, Hosley signed a two-year deal with DKV Joventut of the Spanish ACB League.
In July 2011 he moved to Italy, signing with Dinamo Basket Sassari.
On August 8, 2012, he signed a one-year contract with the 2012 Polish League Bronze Medalist Stelmet Zielona Góra. In 2013, Hosley won the Polish League Championship (first championship in the history of Zielona Góra). He has also become the Finals MVP.
On July 8, 2013, Hosley signed a contract with Virtus Roma.
Georgian national team.
Hosley played for the Georgia national basketball team in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20153106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153106" title="2002 France rugby union tour of Argentina and Australia">
2002 France rugby union tour of Argentina and Australia

Matches.
Argentina: 15.Ignacio Corleto, 14.Gonzalo Camardon, 13.Jose Orengo, 12.Lisandro Arbizu (capt.), 11.Diego Albanese, 10.Felipe Contepomi, 9.Agustin Pichot, 8.Gonzalo Longo, 7.Rolando Martin, 6.Santiago Phelan, 5.Rimas Alvarez Kairelis, 4.Ignacio Fernadez Lobbe, 3.Omar Hasan Jalil, 2.Federico Méndez, 1.Mauricio Reggiardo, - "replacements:" Gonzalo Quesada, Roberto Grau, Mario Ledesma, Martin Durand - "No entry :" 20.Lucas Ostiglia, 21.Nicolas Fernandez Miranda, 22.Jose Nunez Piossek
France: 15.Nicolas Brusque, 14.Aurelien Rougerie, 13.Tony Marsh, 12.Damien Traille, 11.Nicolas Jeanjean, 10.Gerald Merceron, 9.Pierre Mignoni, 8.Christian Labit, 7.Olivier Magne, 6.Serge Betsen, 5.Olivier Brouzet, 4.Fabien Pelous, 3.Jean-Baptiste Poux, 2.Raphael Ibanez (capt.), 1.Jean-Jacques Crenca, - "replacements:" Christophe Porcu, Sebastien Chabal, Sylvain Marconnet, Olivier Azam, Frederic Michalak, Francois Gelez, Yannick Jauzion - "No entry:" Frederic Michalak, Francois Gelez, Yannick Jauzion
Australia: 15.Chris Latham, 14.Wendell Sailor, 13.Matt Burke, 12.Dan Herbert, 11.Stirling Mortlock, 10.Stephen Larkham, 9.George Gregan (capt.), 8.Toutai Kefu, 7.George Smith, 6.Owen Finegan, 5.Justin Harrison, 4.Nathan Sharpe, 3.Patricio Noriega, 2.Jeremy Paul, 1.Bill Young, - "replacements:" 16.Brendan Cannon, 17.Rod Moore, 18.Matt Cockbain, 19.David Lyons, 21.Elton Flatley, 22.Mat Rogers - "No entry :" 20.Chris Whitaker
France: 15.Pepito Elhorga, 14.Aurelien Rougerie, 13.Tony Marsh, 12.Damien Traille, 11.Nicolas Jeanjean, 10.Francois Gelez, 9.Frederic Michalak, 8.Imanol Harinordoquy, 7.Olivier Magne, 6.Serge Betsen, 5.Christophe Porcu, 4.Fabien Pelous (capt.), 3.Sylvain Marconnet, 2.Olivier Azam, 1.Arnaud Martinez, - "replacements:" 16.Raphael Ibanez, 17.Jean-Baptiste Poux, 18.Olivier Brouzet, 19.Christian Labit, 22.Yannick Jauzion - "No entry:" 20.Pierre Mignoni, 21.Gerald Merceron
Australia: 15.Chris Latham, 14.Wendell Sailor, 13.Matt Burke, 12.Dan Herbert, 11.Stirling Mortlock, 10.Stephen Larkham, 9.George Gregan (capt.), 8.David Lyons, 7.George Smith, 6.Owen Finegan , 5.Justin Harrison, 4.Nathan Sharpe, 3.Patricio Noriega, 2.Brendan Cannon, 1.Bill Young, - "replacements:" 16.Sean Hardman, 17.Rod Moore, 18.Dan Vickerman, 19.Matt Cockbain, 21.Elton Flatley, 22.Mat Rogers - "No entry :" 20.Chris Whitaker
France: 15.Nicolas Brusque, 14.Aurelien Rougerie, 13.Tony Marsh, 12.Damien Traille, 11.Pepito Elhorga, 10.Gerald Merceron, 9.Frederic Michalak, 8.Imanol Harinordoquy, 7.Sebastien Chabal, 6.Serge Betsen, 5.Olivier Brouzet, 4.Fabien Pelous, 3.Sylvain Marconnet, 2.Raphael Ibanez (capt.), 1.Jean-Jacques Crenca, - "replacements:" 17.Jean-Baptiste Poux, 18.Christophe Porcu, 19.Olivier Magne, 20.Pierre Mignoni, 21.Yannick Jauzion, 22.Cedric Heymans - "No entry:" 16.Olivier Azam

</doc>
<doc id="20153115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153115" title="2003 France rugby union tour of Argentina and New Zealand">
2003 France rugby union tour of Argentina and New Zealand

The 2003 France rugby union tour of Argentina and New Zealand was a series of matches played in June 2003 in Argentina and New Zealand by France national rugby union team.
First test with "Pumas".
Argentina: Ignacio Corleto, 14.Jose Nunez Piossek, 13.Manuel Contepomi, 12.Lisandro Arbizu (capt.), 11.Diego Albanese, 10.Felipe Contepomi, 9.Nicolas Fernandez Miranda, 8.Mauricio Reggiardo, 7.Mario Ledesma, 6.Martin Scelzo, 5.Ignacio Fernadez Lobbe, 4.Santiago Phelan, 3.Patricio Albacete, 2.Lucas Ostiglia, 1.Gonzalo Longo, - "replacements:" 16.Federico Mendez Azpillaga, 17.Santiago Gonzalez Bonorino, 18.Pedro Sporleder, 22.Juan Martin Hernandez - "No entry :" 19.Rimas Alvarez Kairelis, 20.Matias Albina, 21.Gonzalo Quesada
France: 15.Clement Poitrenaud, 14.Aurelien Rougerie, 13.Thomas Castaignede, 12.Damien Traille, 11.Christophe Dominici, 10.Yann Delaigue, 9.Fabien Galthie (capt.), 8.Jean Bouilhou, 7.Christian Labit, 6.Patrick Tabacco, 5.Jerome Thion, 4.David Auradou, 3.Pieter de Villiers, 2.Jean-Baptiste Rue, 1.Olivier Milloud, - "replacements:" 17.Sylvain Marconnet, 19.Imanol Harinordoquy, 19.Imanol Harinordoquy - "No entry:" 18.Lionel Nallet, 20.Frederic Michalak, 21.Yannick Jauzion, 22.Pepito Elhorga, 16.Yannick Bru
The second test with "Pumas ".
Argentina: Juan Martin Hernandez, 14.Hernan Senillosa, 13.Jose Orengo, 12.Lisandro Arbizu (capt.), 11.Diego Albanese, 10.Gonzalo Quesada, 9.Nicolas Fernandez Miranda, 8.Roberto Grau, 7.Federico Mendez Azpillaga, 6.Martin Scelzo, 5.Ignacio Fernadez Lobbe, 4.Santiago Phelan, 3.Rimas Alvarez Kairelis, 2.Rolando Martin, 1.Lucas Ostiglia, - "replacements:" 21.Felipe Contepomi, 22.Bernardo Stortoni - "No entry :" 17.Mauricio Reggiardo, 18.Pedro Sporleder, 20.Matias Albina, 22.Pablo Bouza
France: 15.Pepito Elhorga, 14.Aurelien Rougerie, 13.Yannick Jauzion, 12.Damien Traille, 11.Vincent Clerc, 10.Yann Delaigue, 9.Fabien Galthie (capt.), 8.Christian Labit, 7.Sebastien Chabal, 6.Imanol Harinordoquy, 5.Jerome Thion, 4.David Auradou, 3.Pieter de Villiers, 2.Yannick Bru, 1.Sylvain Marconnet, - "replacements:" 16.Jean-Baptiste Rue, 20.Frederic Michalak - "No entry:" 17.Olivier Milloud, 18.Lionel Nallet, 19.Elvis Vermeulen, 21.Thomas Castaignede, 22.Clement Poitrenaud
The test with All Blacks.
New Zealand: Mils Muliaina, 14.Doug Howlett, 13.Tana Umaga, 12.Dan Carter, 11.Joe Rokocoko, 10.Carlos Spencer, 9.Steve Devine, 8.Dave Hewett, 7.Anton Oliver, 6.Greg Somerville, 5.Chris Jack, 4.Reuben Thorne (capt.), 3.Ali Williams, 2.Richie McCaw, 1.Jerry Collins, - "replacements:" 16.Keven Mealamu, 17.Kees Meeuws, 18.Brad Thorn, 19.Marty Holah, 20.Byron Kelleher - "No entry :" 21.Aaron Mauger, 22.Caleb Ralph
France: 15.Clement Poitrenaud, 14.Aurelien Rougerie, 13.Yannick Jauzion, 12.Damien Traille, 11.Vincent Clerc, 10.Frederic Michalak, 9.Fabien Galthie (capt.), 8.Elvis Vermeulen, 7.Patrick Tabacco, 6.Imanol Harinordoquy, 5.Jerome Thion, 4.Lionel Nallet, 3.Nicolas Mas, 2.Yannick Bru, 1.Sylvain Marconnet, - "replacements:" 17.Pieter de Villiers, 18.David Auradou, 19.Christian Labit, 20.Sebastien Chabal, 21.Gerald Merceron - "No entry:" 16.Jean-Baptiste Rue, 22.Pepito Elhorga

</doc>
<doc id="20153125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153125" title="Legal governance, risk management, and compliance">
Legal governance, risk management, and compliance

Legal Governance, Risk Management, and Compliance or "LGRC", refers to the complex set of processes, rules, tools and systems used by corporate legal departments to adopt, implement and monitor an integrated approach to business problems.
While Governance, Risk Management, and Compliance refers to a generalized set of tools for managing a corporation or company, Legal GRC, or LGRC, refers to a specialized – but similar – set of tools utilized by attorneys, corporate legal departments, general counsel and law firms to govern themselves and their corporations, especially but not exclusively in relation to the law.
Other specializations within the realm of governance, risk management and compliance include IT GRC and financial GRC. Within these three realms, there is a great deal of overlap, particularly in large corporations that have legal and IT departments, as well as financial departments.
Legal governance.
Legal governance refers to the establishment, execution and interpretation of processes and rules put in place by corporate legal departments in order to ensure a smoothly-run legal department and corporation.
Legal risk management.
Legal risk management refers to the process of evaluating alternative regulatory and non-regulatory responses to risk and selecting among them. Even with the legal realm, this process requires knowledge of the legal, economic and social factors, as well as knowledge of the business world in which legal teams operate. In an organizational setting, risk management refers to the process by which an organization sets the risk tolerance, identifies potential risks and prioritizes the tolerance for risk based on the organization’s business objectives, and manages and mitigates risks throughout the organization.
Legal compliance.
Legal compliance is the process or procedure to ensure that an organization follows relevant laws, regulations and business rules. The definition of legal compliance, especially in the context of corporate legal departments, has recently been expanded to include understanding and adhering to ethical codes within entire professions, as well. There are two requirements for an enterprise to be compliant with the law, first its policies need to be consistent with the law. Second, its policies need to be complete with respect to the law.
The role of legal compliance has also been expanded to include self-monitoring the non-governed behavior with industries and corporations that could lead to workplace indiscretions.
Within the LGRC realm, it is important to keep in mind that if a strong legal governance component is in place, risk can be accurately assessed and the monitoring of legal compliance be carried out efficiently. It is also important to realize that within the LGRC framework, legal teams work closely with executive teams and other business departments to align their goals and ensure proper communication.
Legal Consistency.
Legal Consistency is property that declares enterprise policies to be free of contradictions with the law. Legal Consistency has been defined as not having multiple verdicts for the same case 
. The antonym Legal Inconsistency is defined as having two rule that contradict each other. Other common definitions of consistency refer to “treating similar cases alike”. In the enterprise context, legal consistency refers to “obedience to the law”. In the context of legal requirements validation, legal consistency is defined as, " Enterprise requirements are legally consistent if they adhere to the legal requirements and include no contradictions."
Legal Completeness.
Legal Completeness is a property that declares enterprise policies to cover all scenarios included or suggested by the law. Completeness suggests that there are no scenarios covered by the law that cannot be implemented in the enterprise. In addition, it implies that all scenarios not allowed by the law are not allowed by the enterprise.
Enterprise policies are said to be legally complete if they contain no gaps in the legal sense. Completeness can be thought of in two ways: Some scholars make use of a concept of ‘obligational’ completeness such as Ayres and Gertner. 
According to this usage, a system or a contract is ‘obligationally’ complete if it specifies what each party is to do in every situation, even if this is not the optimal action to take under some circumstances. Others discuss ‘enforceability’ completeness in the sense that failing to specify key terms can lead a court to characterize a system as being too uncertain to enforce (May & Butcher v the King 1934), and hence a system may be complete with respect to enforceability. This leads to the following definition: enterprise regulations or requirements are legally complete if it specifies what each party is to do in each situation while covering all gaps in the legal sense.
History.
Initial interest in LGRC was driven by corporate legal departments, particularly after the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and the resulting likely regulatory climate. Like the Sarbanes-Oxley act, legal industry thought leaders saw a need for a new framework for legal GRC, and borrowed heavily from IT, RIM and other industries to try to come up with new, clear processes and rules to make navigating the choppy waters of the post-financial crisis legal world go as smoothly as possible.
Organizations.
Legal GRC Center for Innovation.
The Legal GRC Center for Innovation is a nonprofit institute for the advancement of the concepts and applications of Legal GRC. The LGRC Center for Innovation serves as a forum for legal industry leaders to discuss and determine ways to systematize and streamline governance, risk management, and compliance within the legal industry. The membership of the LGRC-CFI is made up of a group of leaders in the legal, business, IT, and RIM fields. They meet in online forums and at periodic conventions and summits to determine best practices for Legal GRC. The LGRC-CFI also publishes a blog and several industry-specific white papers regularly. The LGRC Center for Innovation addresses legal governance, risk management, and compliance exclusively.
Institute on Governance.
The Institute on Governance (IOG), although it does not address LGRC exclusively, is a useful resource for knowledge on governance in general, and has collected some significant basics about legal governance online.
The IOG is an independent, Canadian, nonprofit tank founded in 1990 to promote better governance for public benefit. Through our research and services we help public organizations and societies realize their objectives by putting good governance into practice.
Association of Corporate Counsel.
The Association of Corporate Counsel ("ACC"), formerly the American Corporate Counsel Association ("ACCA"), is an association of in-house counsel, attorneys who work for corporations. The association publishes the magazine ACC Docket and arranges one of the United States’ largest annual meetings for in-house attorneys. ACC was founded in 1982. It currently has more than 24,000 members from over 10,500 corporations in 77 countries.
The ACC does not address LGRC exclusively, but can be credited with laying some foundations for corporations – the original practitioners of governance, risk management, and compliance – and legal departments to begin to work together on overarching issues of governance, risk management, and compliance.

</doc>
<doc id="20153126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153126" title="1999 Rio de Janeiro motorcycle Grand Prix">
1999 Rio de Janeiro motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1999 Rio de Janeiro motorcycle Grand Prix was the fifteenth round of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 24 October 1999 at the Autódromo Internacional Nelson Piquet.

</doc>
<doc id="20153131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153131" title="HMS Archer (1911)">
HMS Archer (1911)

HMS "Archer" was an "Acheron"-class destroyer built in 1911, which served during the First World War and was sold in 1921. She was the fourth ship of the name to serve in the Royal Navy.
Construction.
She was laid down at the Yarrow & Company yard in Scotstoun, Glasgow, and was launched on 21 October 1911.
"Archer" and "Attack" used steam at higher pressures than the other "Acheron"-class destroyers and consequently were faster than the standard Admiralty-designed members of their class. Achieving on trials, she carried two guns, other smaller guns and torpedo tubes and had a complement of 70 men.
Career.
As part of the First Destroyer Flotilla, she was attached to the Grand Fleet in August 1914, and then to the Third Battle Squadron from the spring of 1916.
Battle of Heligoland Bight.
As part of the Harwich Force, the First Destroyer Flotilla took part in the Battle of Heligoland Bight on 28 August 1914.
Mediterranean service.
From 1917 the Third Battle Squadron was deployed to the Mediterranean. "Archer" was present at the entry of the Allied fleet through the Dardanelles on 12 November 1918.
Disposal.
She was sold to Ward on 9 May 1921 for breaking.
HMS "Archer" in fiction.
In "Out of Time", a J D Stanton Mystery by Alton Gansky, the First World War "Archer" forms the scene of an adventure in which three adults and five teenagers find themselves lost in time after a storm at sea.

</doc>
<doc id="20153140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153140" title="Inspector Steine">
Inspector Steine

Inspector Steine is a radio comedy drama series written by Lynne Truss and produced by Sweet Talk for BBC Radio 4. The producer is Karen Rose and music is by Anthony May.
Set in a police station in Brighton in the 1950s, it tells the story of Inspector Steine (Michael Fenton Stevens) and his colleagues Sergeant Brunswick (John Ramm) and Constable Twitten (Matt Green), plus the station charlady Mrs Groynes (Jan Ravens in Series 1 and Samantha Spiro from Series 2 onwards).
Guest stars have included Janet Ellis, Mark Heap, Allan Corduner and Carla Mendonca.
The programme was inspired by the opening rolling caption about crime in Brighton at the beginning of the film "Brighton Rock", which claimed that Brighton was now (in the 1950s) free of crime. Lynne Truss has written that: "This highly unrealistic reassurance prefacing "Brighton Rock" was the inspiration for the comedy series Inspector Steine...I wanted to write about a celebrity police inspector in the 1950s who innocently (and touchingly) believed precisely what he had been told at the movies"
Audiobooks.
Series 1 was released by BBC Audiobooks on 3 March 2008.
Series 2 was released by BBC Audiobooks on 12 February 2009.
Series 3 was released by BBC Audiobooks on 8 April 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20153148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153148" title="1999 Argentine motorcycle Grand Prix">
1999 Argentine motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1999 Argentine motorcycle Grand Prix was the last round of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 31 October 1999 at the Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="20153153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153153" title="Mathira Constituency">
Mathira Constituency

Mathira Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of six constituencies in Nyeri District, Central Province. 
The constituency was established for the 1963 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20153164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153164" title="Vladimir Petković">
Vladimir Petković

Vladimir Petković (; born 15 August 1963) is a Bosnian football manager and former professional player. Petković was most recently the manager of Italian Serie A club Lazio. He will become head coach of Switzerland national football team from 1 July 2014.
Nicknamed "Il Dottore" (The Doctor), Petković is multi-lingual. In addition to his native Croatian, he speaks Italian, French, English, Spanish, German, and Russian.
As a naturalized Swiss citizen Petković holds a Bosnian passport (jus soli), a Croatian passport (jus sanguinis) and a Swiss passport.
Early life.
Petković was born in Sarajevo in 1963. He is a Bosnian Croat and holds Swiss, Croatian, and Bosnian passports. Both of his parents worked as educational workers so they changed many schools and because of that family moved frequently. First they lived in Vrelo Bosne and then, from when he was 5 years old, in Hadžići near Sarajevo.
Playing career.
A midfielder with good technique, Petković started playing football in Ilidža as an eleven-year-old before joining the youth sector of his hometown side FK Sarajevo youth as a fifteen-year-old. 
He remained at FK Sarajevo and began his professional career there in the early 1980s. Petković made only a handful of appearances in a strong Sarajevo side led on the pitch by Bosnia's greatest ever player, Safet Sušić. Petković was a part of the Sarajevo side that won the 1984–85 Yugoslav First League, making only two league appearances for them. His time at Sarajevo was interrupted by two brief stints elsewhere, first a successful time with Rudar Prijedor, where Petković found a vein of scoring form, and then a season in the Yugoslav Second League with Slovenian side Koper, who finished last and were relegated.
Petković emigrated from Yugoslavia in 1987, leaving FK Sarajevo and moving permanently to Switzerland, where he joined second division club FC Chur 97. After a season with Chur, Petković moved to the Swiss top division, joining a strong FC Sion side. Sion managed a third-place finish in the Nationalliga but Petković left the club at the end of the season after only managing six league appearances.
After leaving Sion, Petković moved back into the lower tiers, first joining FC Martigny-Sports before returning to his first Swiss club, Chur. Petković enjoyed a career as a regular goalscoring midfielder in the Swiss second division, including two more stints at Bellinzona and Lugano.
Petković completed his playing career as a player-coach with Bellinzona and Malcantone Agno, the latter which later merged with financially stricken Lugano.
Managerial career.
After his retirement from playing, he became a coach and his first job was player-manager at AC Bellinzona in 1997. In 2004, he took over the reins at Lugano before returning to Bellinzona for the fourth time in his career, where he led the club to the 2008 Swiss Cup final, only to lose out to FC Basel, and promotion to the Swiss Super League. At the beginning of the 2008–09 season, he was appointed as manager of Young Boys. After taking charge at the club, Petković installed a 3–4–3 formation and took his Bern side to a second-placed league finish. After two more seasons with Young Boys, he was sacked after a 1–1 draw against Luzern on 7 May 2011. The club placed a distant third in the league behind their rivals Zürich and Basel.
In 2011, he became new manager of Turkish side Samsunspor. He resigned from that position in January 2012 with the club in the relegation zone. On 15 May 2012 he was named the new temporary manager of Sion until the end of the 2011–12 season.
S.S. Lazio.
In 2 June 2012, Petković became the new manager of Italian side Lazio in Serie A. With Lazio, he won Coppa Italia in 2013, thanks to Sergio Floccari's goal in 71' of the game.
On 23 December 2013, it was announced Petković was to succeed Ottmar Hitzfeld as the manager of Switzerland national football team after the 2014 FIFA World Cup. 
Charitable work.
While living in Switzerland, Petković worked for Caritas Ticino, a Catholic relief development and social service organisation, for 5 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20153173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153173" title="Hawaiite">
Hawaiite

Hawaiite is an olivine basalt with intermediate composition between alkali olivine and mugearite. It was first described at the island of Hawaii. In gemology, hawaiite is a colloquial term for Hawaii-originated peridot, which is gem-quality olivine mineral. 

</doc>
<doc id="20153182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153182" title="Rehabilitation Institute of Michigan">
Rehabilitation Institute of Michigan

DMC Rehabilitation Institute of Michigan (RIM) is one of the eight hospitals/institutions composing the Detroit Medical Center. RIM is one of the United States' largest hospitals specializing in rehabilitation medicine and research. RIM offers clinical treatment in spinal cord injury, brain injury, stroke, complex trauma and orthopedics and catastrophic injury care. The Institute is home to the Center for Spinal Cord Injury Recovery, a facility designed to implement and study innovative treatments in spinal cord injury recovery. RIM provides medical care to people at all levels of activity and to athletes at all levels of participation including recreational, high school, college, professional, and elite.
RIM houses the Southeastern Michigan Traumatic Brain Injury System (SEMTBIS) for the treatment and research of persons with traumatic brain injury. SEMTBIS conducts research in the field of rehabilitation medicine, sharing the resulting innovations with brain injury providers worldwide.
History.
In 1951, Rehabilitation Institute of Metropolitan Detroit was founded at Herman Kiefer Hospital in Detroit. This was also the site of the Metropolitan Detroit Polio Foundation, which merged with the Rehabilitation Institute in 1953. These two partners soon realized they needed a building of their own to house all their services. As a result, in 1958, the Rehabilitation Institute moved to a newly built hospital at its current location. During the last 10 years, RIM has been awarded $16 million in federal and private grants for rehabilitation research focusing on restoring function, improving quality of life and developing innovative therapeutic techniques.
Today, RIM is considered a national leader in the field of physical medicine and rehabilitation. With its 94-bed inpatient hospital and numerous outpatient sites located throughout southeastern Michigan, RIM is also one of the nation's largest freestanding rehabilitation hospitals.
Clinical Specialties.
Clinical Specialties at RIM include:
Brasza Outpatient and Fitness Center.
The Brasza Center is a state of the art, multi-level fitness center. It houses modern fitness equipment, a free-weight area, running tracks and studios offering a variety of programs, from group exercise and wheelchair mobility training, to community education. The center also includes a sports medicine program directed by therapists and athletic trainers.
Brasza Outpatient and Fitness Center Services Include:
Mike Utley Center for Human Performance.
The Mike Utley Center for Human Performance (MUCHP) is a program designed to help people achieve maximum physical performance. The cornerstone of the Center features a Biofeedback Laboratory. The lab offers biofeedback therapy for persons with orthopedic and neurological conditions such as spinal cord injury, brain injury, stroke and cerebral palsy. The MUCHP also utilizes education and exercise to give motivated people the tools they need to improve their physical performance. This includes sports and fitness programs, and nutritional education for persons with disabilities.
MUCHP includes three services designed to meet the fitness and performance needs of orthopedic and neurologically impaired individuals:
Center for Spinal Cord Injury Recovery.
The Center for SCI Recovery, is one of the first hospital-based programs of its kind in the U.S. to provide a long-term, high-intensity, non-traditional activity-based therapy program that utilizes innovative exercise techniques to optimize recovery.
Accreditation.
RIM is fully accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="20153217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153217" title="Loyola Greyhounds men's lacrosse">
Loyola Greyhounds men's lacrosse

The Loyola Greyhounds men's lacrosse team represents Loyola University Maryland in NCAA Division I lacrosse. Its home matches are played at the Ridley Athletic Complex. Charley Toomey has served as its head coach since 2006. It became a member of the Patriot League along with the university's other intercollegiate athletic programs on July 1, 2013.
The Greyhounds were a member of the ECAC Lacrosse League from 2005 to 2013. It became the first member of the conference to win a national championship in 2012. It was also the first national title in the university's Division I history.
Loyola, a Jesuit university with over 3,700 undergraduates, has produced 13 USILA First Team All Americans, 25 Second Team All-Americans, 18 Third Team All-Americans, and 68 Honorable Mention All-Americans. The Greyhounds local rivals are the Johns Hopkins Blue Jays, located just down Charles Street. The annual lacrosse game played between these two institutions is known as the "Battle of Charles Street". 
History.
Beginnings.
The Loyola Greyhounds men's lacrosse team was founded in 1938 and coached by Jack Kelly. Kelly coached five seasons before leaving after 1942, with an overall winning record consisting of 21 wins and 14 losses. The Greyhounds struggled after Kelly left, going through two coaches in two seasons, both of which did not break .250. In 1947 began the reign of the program's longest active coach until that time, Bishop Baker. Baker coached for six consecutive seasons, almost breaking even with wins and losses. He was followed by John Mohler, who only coached for one year.
Charles Wenzel.
For 17 seasons, from 1954 to 1970, the Greyhounds were coached by Charles Wenzel. Under Wenzel, the Greyhounds went .379.
Dave Cottle.
From 1983 to 2001, for almost two decades under Head Coach Dave Cottle, Loyola saw growth in to their lacrosse program. In 1982, Loyola moved up from NCAA Division II lacrosse. Starting in 1983, Cottle brought the Greyhounds national attention. The Greyhounds advanced to the 1990 NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship game where they were defeated by the Syracuse Orangemen. The 1990 championship, however, was revoked from Syracuse when investigations deemed the activity between coach Roy Simmons, Jr.'s wife Nancy and star player Paul Gait illegal. She signed the lease of his car earlier that season. Though the NCAA has yet to remove Syracuse from the record book, Loyola was the runner up and technically is the next in line for the trophy.
In 1999, the Greyhounds went undefeated in the regular season before losing in the quarterfinals of the 1999 NCAA tournament. His run lasted 19 seasons, beginning in 1983 through 2001. He coached his teams to a winning record of 181 wins and 70 losses.
Charley Toomey.
Following Cottle's long coaching tenure, Loyola hired Bill Dirrigl as their head coach. After four seasons Dirrigl was fired and Loyola graduate Charley Toomey took over as head coach in 2006. In both 2007 and 2008, Toomey led the Greyhounds to the NCAA Men's Lacrosse Championship tournament. The 2010 and 2011 NCAA lacrosse championships will be held at M&T Bank Stadium. Loyola, will work in conjunction with Johns Hopkins, Towson, and UMBC to run these. The Hounds failed to advance to the 2009 NCAA lacrosse playoffs despite having the ninth place RPI, the third highest strength of schedule, and a 9-5 record. Instead Brown gained the slot because of their wins over Cornell and University of Massachusetts. Brown had an RPI of twelve, their schedule ranked a low of thirty six, and were ranked third in the Ivy League. Coach Toomey compared the 2009 Greyhound's dilemma to that of the 2006 Harvard squad saying, "I can remember in 2006, Harvard gets in at 6-6, losing their last three games, and they said, ‘It’s not a numbers thing, it’s a strength-of-schedule thing.’ … So what is it going to be? Is it going to be big wins or numbers? If it’s numbers, we look doggone good. If it’s about big wins, then we might be on the outside looking in." Harvard made the tournament over Toomey's squad that season, the reason being that their 'big wins' were not as competitive as Harvard's record, RPI and SOS. RPI vs. Big wins has been a very large argument in the NCAA tournament selection process the past few years.
The Greyhounds captured the first national championship in Loyola's Division I history in a 9–3 victory over Maryland at Gillette Stadium on May 28, 2012. They finished at 18–1, establishing a new program record for most wins in a campaign. Its only loss was a regular-season-ending 10–9 overtime defeat at home to Johns Hopkins on April 28. The team was led by attackers Eric Lusby and Mike Sawyer. Lusby was named the Championship's Most Outstanding Player after scoring four times in the Final and whose 17 goals were the most in a single NCAA tournament. He also set the school record for most goals in a single season with 54. Sawyer, who had previously set the school's new single-season scoring mark earlier in the season, was Loyola's first-ever Tewaaraton Trophy finalist.
Players.
The Greyhounds have graduated many All-American players: thirteen first team, twenty five second team, eighteen third team, and sixty eight honorable mentions. Many have also played professionally. There have been twenty three National Lacrosse League players and twelve Major League Lacrosse players.
Alumni in the MLL.
The following Loyola lacrosse players are currently or have played Major League Lacrosse.

</doc>
<doc id="20153233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153233" title="Henry M. Foley">
Henry M. Foley

Henry Michael Foley (1917–1982) was an American
experimental physicist.
He was a professor and a leading physicist at Columbia University, later serving as chairman of the physics department. In 1948, Polykarp Kusch, working with Henry Foley, discovered the anomalous magnetic dipole moment of the electron. He served on the JASON Defense Advisory Group, an independent group of scientists which advises the United States Government on matters of science and technology. He also served on the MX Missile Basing advisory panel.

</doc>
<doc id="20153259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153259" title="André Chaumeix">
André Chaumeix

André Chaumeix (6 June 1874, Chamalières, Puy-de-Dôme – 23 February 1955) was a French academician, journalist, and literary critic. He was the fourteenth member elected to occupy seat 3 of the Académie française in 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="20153265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153265" title="Dickson Plan">
Dickson Plan

The Dickson Plan is a school transfer system implemented in North County Armagh in Northern Ireland. It is a two tier system in which the majority of pupils in the Craigavon Borough Council Area and parts of Armagh City and District Council Area attend Junior High Schools for 3 years before transferring to Senior High Schools to complete their compulsory education in Key Stage 4. It does not exclude the possibility of academic selection at age 11 through the 11 Plus exam, whereupon pupils may proceed to the grammar school system on completion of primary education or carry on to other secondary schools. For those who opt out of the 11 Plus or don't pass it, they may go through an academic selection process at age 14 by taking internal exams that are set by the individual grammar schools, and entering the grammar sector at age 14. 
The Dickson Plan wasn't affected by the education reforms being pressed by Northern Ireland Education Minister, Caitriona Ruane, which required the controversial removal of academic selection at age 11 in the rest of Northern Ireland. However, The Dickson Plan is in the process of being demolished by the Education Minister John O'Dowd, who is planning to amalgamate the Junior High Schools and the Senior Education Schools, and creating a Comprehensive system throughout Northern Ireland. This is causing controversy throughout the local area.

</doc>
<doc id="20153302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153302" title="Wild Rose, Saskatchewan">
Wild Rose, Saskatchewan

Wild Rose is a hamlet in the Rural Municipality of Shellbrook No. 493.

</doc>
<doc id="20153305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153305" title="Rooks Heath College">
Rooks Heath College

Rooks Heath College (formerly known as Rooks Heath High School) is a state secondary school with a Sixth Form, in South Harrow in the London Borough of Harrow. It is a mixed comprehensive school serving culturally and socially diverse community in South Harrow. The school currently has around 300 pupils in each year group consisting of years 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11.
History.
Roxeth Manor Secondary Modern School opened on the site in Eastcote Lane in the 1930s, next to the primary school. Additional buildings were added in the 1960s. The secondary school was renamed Rooks Heath in September 1974 when the London Borough of Harrow adopted the comprehensive system of education. The school gained specialist status as an Business and Enterprise College, before converting to academy status in August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20153306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153306" title="Morris Finley">
Morris Finley

Morris "Mo" Finley (born August 2, 1981) is an American professional basketball player. He is a 1.80 m (5 ft 11 in) 79.4 kg (175 lb.) point guard. He currently plays for Lagun Aro GBC in the Liga ACB.
College career.
Finley played college basketball at the University of Alabama Birmingham with the school's UAB Blazers. He is mostly remembered for hitting the game winning shot against the No. 1 overall seed Kentucky in the Second Round of the 2004 NCAA Tournament.
Pro career.
Finley joined the Serbia and Montenegro League team Mornar Bar in 2004. He led the league in scoring during the 2004-05 season, averaging 23.3 points per game. In 2005, he joined the Greek League club Olympia Larissa for only 3 games. He then joined the Belgian team Liège Basket. In 2007, he joined the Italian League team Solsonica Rieti, and was the Serie A top scorer with 20.3 points per game. In 2008, he moved to Montepaschi Siena, where he won the Italian Championship. In 2009, he moved to Olimpia Milano. He started the season with Armani Jeans with a stunning performance, scoring 28 points on 10/16 shooting in a 66–73 loss against Milano's rival, Pallacanestro Varese. He led Olimpia both in Euroleague and in Serie A, until he suffered a strain on January 11, 2010. He missed three months of the season, but returned to help lead Olimpia back to the Finals. During the 2011 season Finley suffered a knee injury requiring surgery. He was sidelined for most of 2012, but returned to finish the season for Fenerbahçe Ülker in Turkey. In January 2013, he signed for Lagun Aro GBC of the Spanish League.

</doc>
<doc id="20153329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153329" title="Vivian Girls (disambiguation)">
Vivian Girls (disambiguation)

Vivian Girls are a Brooklyn-based indie rock group (named after the Darger characters).
Vivian Girls may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20153332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153332" title="Richard Stuart">
Richard Stuart

Richard H. Stuart (born January 6, 1964, in Fredericksburg, Virginia) is an American politician. A Republican, he was elected to the Senate of Virginia in November 2007. He the 28th district, made up of six counties and parts of two others in the Northern Neck, Middle Peninsula, and northern Piedmont, plus part of the city of Fredericksburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20153333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153333" title="Daniele Alexander">
Daniele Alexander

Daniele Alexander (born December 2, 1954 in Fort Worth, Texas) is an American country music singer. She began her career as a teenager, performing jazz initially before moving to Las Vegas, Nevada to sing in casinos. She also charted in the Top 20 on the "Billboard" charts with the single "She's There", a single from her 1989 Mercury Records album "First Move". A second album, "I Dream in Color", produced a duet with labelmate Butch Baker in "It Wasn't You, It Wasn't Me," the last chart single for either artist. Alexander exited Mercury in 1991, and later co-wrote two songs on Mila Mason's 1997 debut "That's Enough of That".

</doc>
<doc id="20153343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153343" title="Fernando Zappia">
Fernando Zappia

Fernando Zappia (born 22 May 1955 in Buenos Aires) is a former Argentine football defender.
Zappia started his career with River Plate after a short spell with Lanús he joined Austrian side Wacker Innsbruck in 1978.
From 1980 until 1990 Zappia played in France for a number of teams, he had two spells with AS Nancy and also played for Metz and Lille OSC.
Late in his career he returned to Argentina to play for Atlanta in the lower leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="20153349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153349" title="National Black Farmers Association">
National Black Farmers Association

The National Black Farmers Association (NBFA) is a non-profit organization representing African American farmers and their families in the United States. As an association, it serves tens of thousands of members nationwide. NBFA's education and advocacy efforts have been focused on civil rights, land retention, access to public and private loans, education and agricultural training, and rural economic development for black and other small farmers.
Founding.
The organization was founded in 1995 by John W. Boyd, Jr. a fourth-generation black farmer from Baskerville, Virginia near the town of South Hill, Virginia. Boyd continues to serve as the group's president. Boyd's work for the NBFA has been chronicled by national media organizations including a Person of the Week profile on ABC World News Tonight, The Washington Post, and Roll Call newspaper which is influential on Capitol Hill.
Since its inception, NBFA has been a national voice on the issue of farm subsidies, arguing that black farmers are left out of the massive system of subsidies provided by the government. A 2007 report by Environmental Working Group found a widening gap between subsidies provided to white farmers and those provided to black farmers.
History.
Many black farmers across the nation experienced discrimination in their dealings with U.S. Department of Agriculture agencies in their states. Across the nation, black farmers alleged, and the USDA later agreed, they were denied access to loans and subsidies provided by the government. On a national level, farm subsidies that were afforded to white farmers were not afforded to black farmers. Since they were denied government loans, emergency or disaster assistance, and other aid, many black farmers lost their farms and their homes.
Black farmers nationwide joined in a class action discrimination suit against the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). The first prominent cases were filed in federal court in 1997. An attorney called it "the most organized, largest civil rights case in the history of the country."
That year, black farmers from at least five states held protests in front of the USDA headquarters in Washington, DC. Protests in front of the USDA were a strategy employed in later years as the black farmers sought to keep national attention focused on the plight of the black farmers.
That year, representatives of the National Black Farmers Association met with President Bill Clinton and other administration officials at the White House. And NBFA's president testified before the United States House Committee on Agriculture.
In "Pigford v. Glickman" U.S. Federal District Court Judge Paul L. Friedman approved the settlement agreement and consent decree in the case on April 14, 1999. The settlement recognized discrimination against 22,363 black farmers but the NBFA would later call the agreement incomplete because more than 70,000 were excluded. Nevertheless, the settlement was deemed to be the largest-ever civil rights class action settlement in American history. Lawyers estimated the value of the settlement to be more than $2 billion. Some farmers would have their debts forgiven. Judge Friedman appointed a monitor to oversee the settlement.
Farmers in Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas and Georgia were among those affected by the settlement.
The NBFA's president was invited to testify before congress on this matter numerous times following the settlement including before the United States Senate Committee on Agriculture on September 12, 2000 when he testified that many farmers had not yet received payments and others were left out of the settlement. NBFA asked Congress to pass legislation that would ensure a full resolution of the discrimination cases.
Environmental Working Group and NBFA issued a report in July 2004 accusing the USDA of withholding nearly three out of every four dollars in the multi-billion dollar settlement of discrimination cases. The report says that the U.S. Department of Justice and the USDA pursued a path of "willful obstruction of justice" in blocking many of the cases. It was later revealed that one DoJ staff "general attorney" was unlicensed while she was handling black farmers' cases. NBFA called for all those cases to be reheard.
In 2006 the Government Accountability Office (GAO) issued a report highly critical of the USDA in its handling of the black farmers cases.
NBFA continued to lobby Congress to provide relief. NBFA's Boyd secured congressional support for legislation that would provide $100 million in funds to settle late-filer cases. In 2006 a bill was introduced into the House of Representatives and later the Senate by Senator George Felix Allen.
In 2007 Boyd testified before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary about this legislation.
As the organization was making headway by gathering Congressional supporters in 2007 it was revealed that some USDA Farm Services Agency employees were engaged in activities aimed at blocking Congressional legislation that would aid the black farmers.
President Barack Obama, then a U.S. Senator, lent his support to the black farmers' issues in 2007. A bill cosponsored by Obama passed the Senate in 2007.
The Senate and House versions of the black farmers bill, reopening black farmers discrimination cases, became law in 2008. The new law could affect up to 74,000 black farmers according to some news reports.
In 2008 hundreds of black farmers, denied a chance to have their cases heard in the Pigford settlement, filed a new lawsuit against USDA.
Later in 2008, the GAO issued a new report sharply critical of the USDA's handling of discrimination complaints. The GAO recommended an oversight review board to examine civil rights complaints.
After numerous public rallies and an intensive NBFA member lobbying effort, Congress approved and President Barack Obama signed into law in December 2010 legislation that set aside $1.15 billion to resolve the outstanding Black farmers cases. 
As of 2013, 90,000 African-American, Hispanic, female and Native American farmers had filed claims, some fraudulent, or even transparently bogus.
Awards.
Over the years, the NBFA has given its advocate of the year award to Senator Charles Grassley as well as Congressmen John Conyers, Robert C. Scott, Earl F. Hilliard, Eva M. Clayton.

</doc>
<doc id="20153350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153350" title="Sam Zien">
Sam Zien

Sam Zien, known as Sam the Cooking Guy, is a Canadian-born television cook and cookbook author, based in San Diego, California.
Television career.
Zien's career on television began after quitting his job at a San Diego biotech company. In 2001, after a poorly timed effort to begin a career in travel television— that was unfortunately derailed by the September 11 attacks—he switched his focus to a cooking show. He produced his own test screening and distributed the tape to local San Diego television stations. San Diego's Fox affiliate XETV-TDT offered him a 2–3 minute slot during its morning news program. The job was unpaid -- a situation that changed after his work earned a Regional Emmy from the National Television Academy's Pacific Southwest Chapter.
In January 2005, Zien moved to County Television Network (CTN), San Diego County's public-access television, after CTN offered him a half-hour time slot on their station. His "Sam the Cooking Guy" show spread to other cities through agreements with sister cable companies; his work was recognized with more Regional Emmys and a book deal from John Wiley and Sons.
Zien's next break came from the Discovery Health Channel, where he had a show call "Just Cook This!"
On May 23, 2011, Zien premiered "The Sam Livecast", an Internet cooking show originating from his home kitchen. Its thrice weekly episodes feature food-related and other subject matter, After 200 live episodes, the production switched to a live-to-tape format.
Cookbooks.
Zien has written three cookbooks, all published by John Wiley & Sons:

</doc>
<doc id="20153355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153355" title="Patriot Capital">
Patriot Capital

Patriot Capital is a private equity firm with offices in Baltimore, MD, Chicago, IL, and Dallas, TX. The firm focuses on growth capital and mezzanine capital investments in middle-market companies seeking to finance business expansion, acquisitions, management buyouts or balance sheet recapitalizations.
Patriot Capital III SBIC closed with over $250 million of capital in July 2013. Patriot Capital III SBIC and its predecessor funds, Patriot Capital II, Patriot Capital I, and Allegiance Capital, have over $550 million of capital under management.
The firm typically makes subordinated debt and preferred equity investments throughout the United States. It seeks to make investments between $3 and $20 million in small and medium-sized private companies, usually having annual revenues of $10 million to $200 million and enterprise values of $15 million to $100 million. Additionally, the firm will participate in financings that are significantly larger through its extensive network of regional and national private equity and mezzanine firms.
Since its founding, Patriot Capital has raised over $500 million of capital through four investment funds:

</doc>
<doc id="20153369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153369" title="Pyjamas (software)">
Pyjamas (software)

Pyjamas is a tool and framework for developing the client-side of Ajax-based applications in Python. The resulting applications can be run in an Internet browser or as standalone desktop application. 
It contains a stand-alone Python-to-JavaScript compiler, an Ajax framework and widget toolkit, and through use of these components, developers can write comprehensive applications, to run in all major web browsers, without writing any JavaScript. Pyjamas is a port of Google Web Toolkit from Java to Python.
Development.
Using Pyjamas, developers can write web applications in Python instead of Java. The application is compiled to JavaScript. Also included is an Ajax library and widget set that provides access to the DOM model of modern JavaScript-capable web browsers. The Ajax library and the widget set library are a hybrid mix of Python and JavaScript. Just as with GWT, "Pyjamas is not its libraries", and neither is it "yet another Ajax framework". Ajax Frameworks are strictly limited to providing pre-prepared specific functionality, written almost exclusively in tailor-made JavaScript. Both GWT and Pyjamas, being JavaScript compilers, allow the developer to work in the language with which they are familiar (Java or Python, respectively), to write their own custom widgets, either entirely from scratch or based on the existing available widgets, yet still target the full range of modern browsers. So, far from presenting web developers with a "fait-accompli" Ajax Framework, Pyjamas gives you the freedom to develop your own.
Design.
The Pyjamas compiler is written in Python, and uses the Python programming language to compile its input into JavaScript, walking the abstract syntax tree of the program being compiled. Although the compiler is stand-alone, the primary use of Pyjamas is for web development, so there is additional infrastructure for building web applications.
The DOM.py model library is an abstraction layer - a thin layer of Python on top of JavaScript code snippets - use of which provides access to the full document object model of the target browser platform. As with any compiler, the JavaScript snippets are treated as inline assembler.
Furthermore, on top of the DOM.py model library is an additional abstraction layer, ui.py, which provides the most useful layer to web developers: a full suite of widgets with which desktop application developers will be familiar. At present, the list of available widgets is a mixture of the complete set of widgets that were available in Google Web Toolkit 1.2, along with a few more that have been forward-ported from GWT 1.5.
Components.
The major Pyjamas components include:
Pyjamas Desktop.
The widget set library that comes with Pyjamas is so similar to PyQt and PyGTK that a port of Pyjamas was made to run Pyjamas applications on the desktop, called Pyjamas-Desktop. The project uses Webkit, XULRunner or MSHTML as the underlying technology, and it is through these browser engines that Pyjamas manipulates the DOM model of the application. Pyjamas and Pyjamas Desktop allow writing cross-platform, cross-desktop, cross-browser and cross-widget applications that run on the web and on the desktop.
History.
Pyjamas was originally developed by James Tauber. The original code for the UI Widget Set and the DOM support libraries came from Google Web Toolkit, and was ported by James Tauber. James wrote the original pyjs compiler. Luke Leighton took over the project in 2008, and updated the UI Widget Set, improved the compiler and created the three pyjs Desktop runtimes. Bernd Dorn and his colleagues from Lovely Systems did some dramatic compiler improvements for 0.5. Kees Bos joined because he was not interested in learning JavaScript, but learn he definitely did. Kees is responsible for the majority of the vast improvements and the more esoteric Python interoperability in the compiler, such as "yield", long data type and much much more. C Anthony Risinger also joined as lead and administrator of the project.
On May 2, 2012 the leadership roles of the project came into question. This was a community driven open source project that was extensively developed by many contributors including the people mentioned above. Due to disagreements between members of the group on how to move forward with the infrastructure and direction of the software, some members decided to create their own fork of the pyjamas project. This fork was created by a team led by Anthony Risinger, one of the administrators of the project. This group included the person who owned the pyjs.org domain and he voluntarily decided to assign ownership of the domain to this new fork being created and hence became the new pyjs.org fork of the pyjamas project. Luke Leighton continued his work on his own fork through a new domain pyj.be and continues to develop and maintain pyjamas on this pyj.be fork. 
This still left a controversy over the copying of the mailing list data from the old server to create the new mailing list of google groups. This was raised as a violation of the UK Data Protection Act by Luke Leighton. Whether this was actually a legal violation is not really clear and is open to interpretation. This was a community driven open source project. According to many in the community , both Luke and Anthony were co-administrators of the project and co-leads to it. It was being forked by a team including Anthony, one of the administrators who had privileges for the server, which Luke Leighton owned. The mailing list was part of the domain. So the ownership of the mailing list data itself isn't very clear. Though Luke claims he personally owned the mailing list and that using it to create a new mailing list for the new pyjs.org fork of the project constituted stealing, many in the community feel differently. Many feel that this was an open source community project and Luke Leighton was a co-lead and co-administrator. Hence the mailing list was actually a community property of the pyjs.org community and not the personal property of Luke.Thus, though some disagree, in the opinion of many in the community , using it to create the new google groups was legal. 
Even though the ownership of the mailing list data is not entirely clear, when some members complained about being subscribed to the new google groups mailing list, immediate action was taken by the maintainers of the new pyjs.org fork to remove everyone from the new google groups and invited all the members to voluntarily join the new google groups. This being exactly the same approach that Luke Leighton took when he decided to move the pyjamas mailing list from google groups where it was originally created before Luke Leighton took over leadership of the project. 
The current membership of the google groups owned and maintained by both forks of the original pyjs.org is now voluntary, created through invitation, and does not violate any privacy and data protection laws. There are no unresolved legal issues at this time nor any pending law suites with either forks of the pyjamas project.
Both forks are being actively developed and have formed their own community following.
Forks.
There are now 2 forks of the Pyjamas Project. 
One maintained by the new pyjs team at 
And another maintained by Luke Leighton at 
Pyjs.org Fork.
The Pyjs.org fork has gone through active development
Pyj.be Fork.
Pyj.be continues to be maintained by Luke Leighton and is still active with bug fixes and new development. 
Alternatives.
Most alternatives to Pyjamas are translators rather than frameworks.

</doc>
<doc id="20153372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153372" title="ElectriColor">
ElectriColor

ElectriColor is the fifth remix album released by M-Flo, containing remixes of songs from their fifth studio album, "Cosmicolor".

</doc>
<doc id="20153381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153381" title="Yemişanlı">
Yemişanlı

Yemişanlı may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20153383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153383" title="Dylath-Leen (band)">
Dylath-Leen (band)

Dylath-Leen is a French death metal band formed in 1999. Rather unique among death metal bands, they feature a female singer/guitar player. The band released their first album in 2002, which in 2005 was distributed by Thundering Records; their second album was released on Great Dane/Season of Mist. They have played at such venues as Hellfest Summer Open Air (2007), Dokk'em Open Air (2008), and Metal Female Voices Fest (2007, 2008), and tour regularly in France, Belgium, and the Netherlands. They will tour with Samael and Arch Enemy in 2010 to promote their 3rd album recorded in January / February of this year, and will play the Metal Female Voices Fest 2010 with the latter band.

</doc>
<doc id="20153398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153398" title="Whitefish Point Underwater Preserve">
Whitefish Point Underwater Preserve

The Whitefish Point Underwater Preserve was established in 1987 to protect and conserve shipwrecks and historical resources on of Lake Superior bottomlands in Whitefish Bay and around Whitefish Point, Michigan. The formation of the Michigan Underwater Preserves helped stop controversy over artifact removal from shipwrecks of this area. The preserve is now known for deep, well preserved shipwrecks in clear water accessible to scuba divers with technical skill and experience. The preserve is one of the last places in the Great Lakes to observe shipwrecks without zebra mussel encrustation.
History.
Shipwrecks along the southern Lake Superior coast known as the “Graveyard of the Great Lakes” dramatically increased after the first lock on the St. Marys River opened this coastline to shipping in 1855., Every vessel entering or leaving Lake Superior must pass Whitefish Point. The Whitefish Point Light first established in 1849 is arguably the most important light on Lake Superior. More vessels have been lost in the Whitefish Point area than any other part of Lake Superior. Between the loss of the "Invincible" in 1816 and the sinking of the SS "Edmund Fitzgerald" in 1975, the Whitefish Point area has claimed at least 240 ships. Vessels are funneled through Whitefish Bay downbound and upbound from the Soo Locks. Poor visibility from forest fire smoke, snow squalls, and Lake Superior’s notorious fogs had deadly consequences with the traffic congestion. Lake Superior’s of open water and storms from the northwest can build immense seas with offshore waves of or more. Such a storm sank the "SS Edmund Fitzgerald" from Whitefish Point in 1975.
Sport diver Harrington reported that many of the shipwrecks of the Whitefish Point Underwater Preserve were "stripped of important artifacts in the 1970s and early 1980s. The State of Michigan filed a lawsuit against the Great Lakes Shipwreck Historical Society (GLSHS) for illegal removal of artifacts from Great Lakes bottomlands. The Michigan Department of Natural Resources (DNR) obtained a search warrant in 1992 and raided on the GLSHS’s offices and Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum. The DNR found evidence the Shipwreck Society had: 
Many of the artifacts removed from shipwrecks by the GLSHS without permits are displayed at the Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum at Whitefish Point by a settlement agreement with the state of Michigan. The sport diving community raised a furious outcry over the disparity of special treatment for the museum divers who received no criminal prosecution while individual sport divers were prosecuted freely during the late 1980s and 1990s for removal of artifacts from shipwrecks. To this day many sport divers boycott the Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum.
Preserve formation.
The Whitefish Point Underwater Preserve was established in 1987 to protect some of the region’s most sensitive underwater natural and cultural resources with the central objective to provide enhanced management of shipwrecks. The Whitefish Point Underwater Preserve is administered through the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality Submerged Lands Program and the Michigan Department of History, Arts and Libraries of the Michigan Historical Center.
Scuba divers and history enthusiasts now help ensure the integrity of the preserve which is considered an underwater museum.
Features.
Many of the twenty-three known shipwrecks lying in depths from to are moored to protect the wrecks and enhance the safety of divers.
The preserve has good visibility and offers deep water diving on a variety of shipwrecks. The preserve is one of the last places in the Great Lakes to observe shipwrecks without zebra mussel encrustation. Dry suits are recommended due to cold temperatures and unprotected coves or bays. Most of the dive sites are deep and divers must be certain of their ability and their equipment before they attempt to dive in this preserve.

</doc>
<doc id="20153413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153413" title="Criminal Justice Act (Northern Ireland) 1945">
Criminal Justice Act (Northern Ireland) 1945

The Criminal Justice Act (Northern Ireland) 1945 (c. 15) is an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.
Section 25 of the Act creates the offence of child destruction, which states:
This section provides a defence of acting in good faith to preserve the life of the mother. The offence supplements the offence of abortion (under the Offences against the Person Act 1861), which deals with unborn children not capable of being born alive.
Other provisions of the Act deal with miscellaneous criminal procedure, search warrants pertaining to brothels, marital coercion, and a prohibition on the taking of photographs in court.

</doc>
<doc id="20153419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153419" title="Duane Adler">
Duane Adler

Duane Adler is a Hollywood screenwriter, director, and producer most known for his work on dance and music-driven fare, particularly Save the Last Dance (Paramount Pictures: Julia Stiles, Sean Patrick Thomas) and Step Up (Disney: Jenna Dewan, Channing Tatum), and the upcoming release "Cobu," starring Derek Hough and Korean superstar BoA, which Adler wrote and directed.
His other screenwriting credits include VH1’s telefilm The Way She Moves, Weinstein Co’s Make It Happen, Skydance's "Northern Lights," and Fox Atomic’s Venice Beach.
Adler is president of Hungry Yak Productions and partner in Connect Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="20153428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153428" title="Jerry Scala">
Jerry Scala

Gerald Michael Scala (September 27, 1924 in Bayonne, New Jersey – December 14, 1993 in Fallston, Maryland) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played from 1948 to 1950 for the Chicago White Sox.
Originally signed by the New York Yankees in 1942, Scala was sent from the Yankees to the New York Giants in an unknown transaction before the 1946 season. Before the 1947 season, he was acquired by the Chicago White Sox.
After a successful minor league season in 1947 in which he led the Three-I League in both hits (163) and runs (116) while playing for the Waterloo White Hawks, he was on a fast track to the big leagues. On April 22, 1948, he made his big league debut. In three games for the White Sox that season, he collected no hits in six at-bats. He played in 37 games in 1949, hitting .250 with one home run and 13 RBI in 120 at-bats. On June 2 of that year, he was involved in an interesting trade between the minor league team the Oakland Oaks and the White Sox. Excerpted from Baseball-Reference: ""Traded by the Chicago White Sox with a player to be named later and cash to the Oakland (PCL) for a player to be named later and Catfish Metkovich. The Oakland (PCL) sent Jerry Scala (June 11, 1949) to the Chicago White Sox to complete the trade. The Chicago White Sox sent Earl Rapp (June 11, 1949) to the Oakland (PCL) to complete the trade.""
Scala played his final big league season in 1950. In 67 at-bats, he hit .194. His final game was September 26.
Overall, he hit .223 with one home run and 19 RBI in 80 big league games. In 193 at-bats, he had 26 runs, 43 hits, nine doubles and two triples. He also had three stolen bases, 27 walks and 32 strikeouts.
After he died, he was buried in Lorraine Park Cemetery in Baltimore, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="20153445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153445" title="Papyrus 91">
Papyrus 91

Papyrus 91 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designed by formula_191, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Acts of Apostles. The surviving texts of Acts are verses 2:30-37; 2:46-3:2. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the middle of the 3rd century.
Text.
The Greek text of this manuscript is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type, Comfort ascribed it as proto-Alexandrian, though the extant portion is too fragmentary for certainty. It has not been placed yet in Aland's Categories of New Testament manuscripts.
Location.
The larger portion of formula_191 is housed at the "Instituto di Papyrologia" (P. Mil. Vofl. Inv. 1224) at the Universita Degli Studi di Milano. The smaller portion is housed at the "Ancient History Documentary Research Centre" at Macquarie University (Inv. 360) in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="20153450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153450" title="Yenikənd, Qabala">
Yenikənd, Qabala

Yenikənd is a municipality and village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,796.

</doc>
<doc id="20153461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153461" title="Yeni Dizaxlı">
Yeni Dizaxlı

Yeni Dizaxlı is a municipality and village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,730.

</doc>
<doc id="20153474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153474" title="The Platinum Collection (Guy Clark album)">
The Platinum Collection (Guy Clark album)

The Platinum Collection is an album by American singer-songwriter Guy Clark, released in 2008. Although the liner notes state that this album contains all twenty tracks from the 1978 album Guy Clark & the 1981 album The South Coast of Texas there are, in fact, 8 tracks from each album plus four from the 1992 album Boats to Build
Track listing.
All songs by Guy Clark unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20153484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153484" title="Yemişanlı, Qabala">
Yemişanlı, Qabala

Yemişanlı is a municipality and village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 755.

</doc>
<doc id="20153499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153499" title="Kötüklü">
Kötüklü

Kötüklü is a municipality and village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 609.

</doc>
<doc id="20153501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153501" title="Yunnan Provincial Library">
Yunnan Provincial Library

Yunnan Provincial Library (YPL) (云南省图书馆), founded in 1909, is located in Kunming, China.
Yunnan Provincial Library was awarded "Guust van Wesemael Literacy Prize" 2005 by IFLA.
Use.
The library has been used as the venue for various events including Yunfest, an independent film festival with some international participation that focuses on Yunnan, neighbouring countries and regions.

</doc>
<doc id="20153518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153518" title="HéGŭ L.I. 4">
HéGŭ L.I. 4

HéGŭ L.I. 4 (, Korean: hap gok 합곡, Japanese: gō koku) is the fourth acupuncture point on the large intestine meridian (Hand Yang Ming) in Traditional Chinese Medicine.
This point is most noteworthy for its usefulness in stopping pain and for its capacity to cause the large intestine to contract, which can assist in moving bowels.

</doc>
<doc id="20153527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153527" title="Zərgərli">
Zərgərli

Zərgərli is a village in the municipality of Bum in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20153541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153541" title="Spring Batch">
Spring Batch

Spring Batch is an open source framework for batch processing. It is a lightweight, comprehensive solution designed to enable the development of robust batch applications, which are often found in modern enterprise systems. Spring Batch builds upon the POJO-based development approach of the Spring Framework.
Spring Batch provides reusable functions that are essential in processing large volumes of records, including logging/tracing, transaction management, job processing statistics, job restart, skip, and resource management. It also provides more advanced technical services and features that will enable extremely high-volume and high performance batch jobs though optimization and partitioning techniques. Simple as well as complex, high-volume batch jobs can leverage the framework in a highly scalable manner to process significant volumes of information.
Spring Batch is part of the Spring Portfolio.

</doc>
<doc id="20153543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153543" title="Qarasu, Qabala">
Qarasu, Qabala

Qarasu is a village in the municipality of Bum in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20153567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153567" title="1997 France rugby union tour of Romania and Australia">
1997 France rugby union tour of Romania and Australia


</doc>
<doc id="20153582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153582" title="Jim Tyrone">
Jim Tyrone

James Vernon Tyrone is a former professional baseball outfielder. He played all or part of four seasons in Major League Baseball, between and , for the Chicago Cubs and Oakland Athletics. He also played four seasons in Nippon Professional Baseball, from until , for the Seibu Lions and Nankai Hawks.
Jim's brother, Wayne Tyrone, also played in the major leagues for the Cubs in . Despite being in the same organization for four-plus seasons, the two were never teammates at any level.
Personal life.
Jim was the oldest of five kids (Wayne Tyrone, JoEtta Duncan, Lenoard Tyrone) of the late Ora Lee and Oscar Lee Tyrone, who married in 1948 and divorced in 1974. Oscar remarried to Norma Jean in 1975 in which Jon Tyrone was born in that union. Tyrone married Lamar Casas in 1982 (divorced 1992) and resided in Pasadena, California upon his return to Texas in 1993. He has five children: Dal Davenport (from a previous relastionship), Marquita Tyrone, Maegan Tyrone, Sommer Tyrone, and Allison Tyrone along with four grandchildren. He currently lives in Arlington, Texas where he privately instructed kids with their batting before his retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="20153628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153628" title="Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986">
Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986

The Netherlands were present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, held in Bergen, Norway, after opting out of the previous year's contest in Gothenburg, Sweden. 
The Dutch national final to select their entry, the "Nationaal Songfestival '86", was held on 1 April at the Theater De Flint in Amersfoort, and was hosted by the pianist and television host Pim Jacobs. Twelve regional juries across the Netherlands selected the winning song.
The winning entry was "Alles heeft een ritme," performed by the teenage girl group Frizzle Sizzle. The entry was composed by Peter Schön and Rob Ten Bokum, and the lyrics were written by Schön.
At Eurovision.
Frizzle Sizzle performed seventh on the night of the contest, following Iceland and preceding Turkey. By the time the song got to Bergen, it was simply credited as "Alles heeft ritme," changing the meaning slightly to "everything has rhythm," from the former "everything has a rhythm."
At the close of the voting the song had received 40 points, placing 13th in a field of 20 competing countries. This placing was identical to the previous time the Netherlands had competed in Eurovision, in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20153632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153632" title="McClusky, Illinois">
McClusky, Illinois

McClusky is an unincorporated community in Jersey County, Illinois, United States. It is located along Illinois Route 109, south of Jerseyville.

</doc>
<doc id="20153674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153674" title="Vitabiotics">
Vitabiotics

Vitabiotics is a global nutraceutical company that specializes in vitamin and mineral based formulations focused in various health categories. In July 2013 Vitabiotics became the largest vitamin company in UK by value sales. The company was founded in 1971 by Dr Kartar Lalvani, who was joined his former tutor Arnold Beckett, and is now run by Lalvani and his son Tej. The company has created several brands in each health category such as Perfectil (supplement for skin, hair, and nails), Pregnacare, Menopace, Wellman, and Wellwoman.
Company Information.
The company has won several industry awards including:

</doc>
<doc id="20153676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153676" title="William C. Wampler, Jr.">
William C. Wampler, Jr.

William Creed Wampler, Jr. (born September 9, 1959) is an American politician. A Republican, he was a member of the Senate of Virginia from 1988 to 2011. He represented the 40th District, which includes three counties and parts of three others in the southwest corner of the state, along with the cities of Bristol and Norton.
Senator Wampler is one of the legislators who often serves on the Budget Conference Committee. This important committee is composed of members of the House Appropriations Committee and members of the Senate Finance Committee who are entrusted with negotiating and crafting the final version of Virginia’s Budget.
He is also on the Executive Committee of the Tobacco Indemnification and Community Revitalization Commission which has played a vital role in the economic progress of the 40th district.
Wampler's father, William C. Wampler, was a member of the United States House of Representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="20153687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153687" title="FC Dynamo Kharkiv">
FC Dynamo Kharkiv

FC Dynamo Kharkiv () is the former non-amateur Soviet football club based in Kharkiv (now Ukraine).
History.
The club was created in 1928 based on another club RABIS Kharkiv. RABIS Kharkiv was created in 1925 out of one of the best clubs in Ukraine Shturm Kharkiv (created in 1911).
USSR competitions.
Dynamo initially was allowed to play in the Soviet Second division known as Class B. The team had forfeited all its games for the spring part and was demoted to the third division Class V (by Russian alphabet) for the autumn of 1936 and 1937 editions. The team was not included in the Soviet Super League of 1938, but returned into the reestablished Class B the next couple of seasons before the German-Soviet War has broke down. It was merged with FC Silmash Kharkiv and renamed as Spartak for the 1941 season. Following World War II, the club has never resumed its operations as the city was able only to afford one team, FC Lokomotyv Kharkiv.

</doc>
<doc id="20153697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153697" title="Craftsman (album)">
Craftsman (album)

Craftsman is an album by American singer-songwriter Guy Clark, released in 1995. It is a 30-song double-CD collection that includes all of Clark's late-'70s and '80s recordings for Warner Bros. "Guy Clark", "The South Coast of Texas", and "Better Days".
Track listing.
All songs by Guy Clark unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20153714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153714" title="Henri Fescourt">
Henri Fescourt

Henri Fescourt (23 November 1880 - 9 August 1966) was a French film director. He directed some 40 films in his career.
Filmography.
PUBLICATIONS
"La Foi et les Montagnes ou le septième art au passé", Paris, P. Montel 1959
"L'Idée et l'Ecran. Opinions sur le cinéma" (avec Jean-Louis Bouquet), Paris 1925-26
"Le Cinéma des origines à nos jours" (sous la direction de H. Fescourt), Paris, éditions du Cygne, 1932, 3 vol. 
"Les Maudits. Drame en trois actes". Paris, Ed. de la Nouvelle Revue, 1908

</doc>
<doc id="20153719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153719" title="Microsoft Small Basic">
Microsoft Small Basic

Microsoft Small Basic is a simplified variant of the BASIC programming language, developed by Microsoft. With a bare minimum of concepts, Microsoft accredits this as an easy programming language for beginners to grasp. The language itself has only 14 keywords, and the environment is beginner-friendly, with a straightforward interface.
History.
Small Basic was first introduced by Microsoft in October 2008 and was released on 13 June 2011 on an updated MSDN website that included a full teacher curriculum, a "Getting Started" guide, and several Small Basic e-books for beginners through a partnership with ComputerScienceForKids.com. The published Small Basic guides include a complete developer's reference guide, a "Beginning Small Basic" tutorial, and a republished classic programming book by David H. Ahl.
Microsoft Small Basic was designed by Microsoft DevLabs and released as a Technology Preview in October 2008. Its intended audience is anyone looking to begin programming, including children and beginner adults as well. Small Basic exists to help students as young as age eight learn the foundations of computer programming and then graduate to Visual Basic using Visual Studio Express, where they can continue to build on the foundation by learning Visual C#, VB.NET, and Visual C++.
The first trials were successfully done with several middle school children, most of them children of workers at Microsoft. Small Basic was also successfully tested using a hands-on lab approach to a group of 25 high school girls.
Language.
In Small Basic, the traditional "Hello world" program is written as follows:
<syntaxhighlight lang="vbnet">
TextWindow.WriteLine("Hello World")
</syntaxhighlight>
The language itself is Turing complete and supports concepts like conditional branching and loops. Variables are typeless and dynamic, and there are no scoping rules. The language supports subroutines for event handling.
Conditional branching.
The following example demonstrates conditional branching. It requests the current temperature in Fahrenheit and comments on the answer.
<syntaxhighlight lang="vbnet">
TextWindow.Write("Enter the temperature today (in F): ")
temp = TextWindow.ReadNumber()
If temp > 100 Then
ElseIf temp > 70 Then
ElseIf temp > 50 Then
Else
EndIf
</syntaxhighlight>
Looping.
This example demonstrates a loop. Starting from one and ending with ten, it multiplies each number by four and displays the result of multiplication.
<syntaxhighlight lang="vbnet">
TextWindow.WriteLine("Multiplication Tables")
table = 4
For i = 1 to 10
EndFor
</syntaxhighlight>
Data types.
The language supports basic implementation of data types, like strings, integers and decimals.
In this example, the program request the user's name and age and tell the user how old would he be in five years. However, it treats the age as a number and won't accept characters in age.
<syntaxhighlight lang="vbnet">
TextWindow.WriteLine("Enter your name:")
name = TextWindow.Read()
TextWindow.Write("Enter your age: ")
age = TextWindow.ReadNumber()
TextWindow.WriteLine("Hello " + name + "!")
TextWindow.WriteLine("In 5 years you will be " + ( age + 5 ) + " years old!")
</syntaxhighlight>
Small Basic stores all values – including arrays – as formatted strings. Hence, strings containing numerical data can be manipulated as numbers in various contexts, and vice versa:
<syntaxhighlight lang="vbnet">
TextWindow.WriteLine(Math.log("100")) 'Prints 2
TextWindow.WriteLine("100" + "3000") ' Prints 3100
TextWindow.WriteLine("Windows " + 8) ' Prints Windows 8
TextWindow.WriteLine(Text.GetLength(1023.42)) ' Prints 7 (length of decimal representation including decimal point)
</syntaxhighlight>
The second example can be overcome by using codice_1.
Libraries.
Standard library.
Small Basic ships with an standard library that is fairly extensive, considering the language is intended to be used to learn, rather than to develop production-grade applications. This standard library has the basic classes you would expect from a library, such as the ability to create and read files, as well as providing a "Turtle" class, similar to Logo, and the ability to retrieve images from Flickr.
As this is a language for learning, the process of retrieving images from Flickr has been vastly simplified, as demonstrated in the Small Basic code below.
<syntaxhighlight lang="vbnet">For i = 1 To 10
EndFor
</syntaxhighlight>
Third-party libraries.
Small Basic also allows the use of libraries created by a third party. These libraries must be written in a CLR-compatible language, and the classes that are intended for use with Small Basic must be static, and must be flagged with an attribute showing that Small Basic is to use them. Functions, properties, and variables within these classes must return a "Primitive" structure, which is contained within the Small Basic standard library.
An example of a class to be used in Small Basic is provided below, written in C#.
<syntaxhighlight lang="csharp">
public static class ExampleSBClass
</syntaxhighlight>
Turtle.
Microsoft Small Basic ships with a Turtle graphics library that borrows the idea from Logo. For example, the developer can make the turtle draw a square by simply saying:
<syntaxhighlight lang="vbnet">
For i = 1 to 4
EndFor
</syntaxhighlight>
See also.
Related Microsoft technologies:
Related languages:

</doc>
<doc id="20153740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153740" title="Bengur Bryan">
Bengur Bryan

Bengur Bryan & Co., Inc. is an investment banking firm founded in 1991 with offices in Baltimore, MD. The firm provides merger and acquisition advice, private placements of equity and debt, and financial advisory services including valuations, fairness opinions and restructuring advice. Bengur Bryan's principal focus is on middle-market companies that typically have enterprise values that range between $10 and $100 million. Since its inception, Bengur Bryan has completed over 100 financing and M&A transactions totaling over $3 billion. 
Industry Focus.
Bengur Bryan & Co., Inc. represents companies in the following industries:
Notable Transactions:
Merchant Banking.
Patriot Capital, L.P. is the principal merchant banking activity of Bengur Bryan & Co., Inc. Patriot Capital typically makes subordinated debt and preferred equity investments throughout the United States. It seeks to make investments between $3 and $20 million in small and medium-sized private companies, usually having annual revenues of $10 to $200 million and enterprise values that range from $15 to $100 million. Patriot Capital will also participate in financings that are significantly larger through its extensive network of regional and national private equity and mezzanine firms.
In addition, Bengur Bryan sponsors merchant banking investments that fall outside the parameters of Patriot Capital, primarily in areas of buyouts less than $10 million in enterprise value and growth financings for special situations.

</doc>
<doc id="20153775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153775" title="India's Best Cinestars Ki Khoj">
India's Best Cinestars Ki Khoj

India's Best Cinestars Ki Khoj is an Indian talent-hunt television series that premiered on Zee TV channel in 2004.
Winner.
Sarvar Ahuja
Aditi Sharma

</doc>
<doc id="20153782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153782" title="Murton, Tyne and Wear">
Murton, Tyne and Wear

Murton is small village situated in Tyne and Wear in the North East of England and is part of the urban conurbation of North Tyneside. The village is separated by fields from the nearby areas of West Monkseaton, New York, Earsdon and Shiremoor.
The village contains a public house, the Robin Hood, and an equestrian centre. 
Murton Farmhouse on the New York Road is a Grade II listed building, with parts dating from the 18th century. 
External links.
Murton Network Village - an exemplar sustainable regeneration scheme

</doc>
<doc id="20153817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153817" title="1993 ATP German Open – Singles">
1993 ATP German Open – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20153859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153859" title="Tel Faher">
Tel Faher

Tel Faher (or Golani Lookout) is a former Syrian outpost in the Golan Heights that was captured by Israel in the Six-Day War in 1967.
Tel Faher was the site of an intense battle between the Israel Defense Forces and the Syrians which ended in the conquest of the outpost by the Golani Brigade. Tel Faher is now a park commemorating those who died in the battle.
Preface.
Even though Syria was the main instigator of the war, it remained relatively intact during the first four days of the Six day war, despite the fact that its air force had been destroyed on the first day. Syria's response was the shelling of the Israeli settlements of Upper Galilee from the Golan Heights as they had done for years.
Two Syrian artillery battalions with M46 Soviet 130mm guns and two companies with heavy mortars and dug-in World War II German Wehrmacht PzKpfw IV tanks were positioned along the Golan escarpment.
Israel suffered the loss of 2 civilians and more 16 wounded. The Syrian army hit in the first four days also 205 houses, 2 tractor sheds, 6 barns, 30 tractors, 15 cars and 9 chicken coops.
Tuesday, June 6, 1967 (day 2).
On June 6, Syria launched three attacks against Israeli positions: Tel Dan, Kibbutz Dan and the village She'ar Yashuv two kilometers inside Israeli territory. The attacks probably never had the intention of capture ground and were easily repulsed.
Even though a Syrian artillery observation officer reported 
"The enemy appears to have suffered heavy losses and is retreating."
Despite the few casualties, the kibbutzniks had been forced to live almost permanently in underground shelters. The pressure on the Israeli government grew daily. The daily newspaper HaAretz wrote "The time has come to settle accounts with those who started it all. It is time to finish the job."
While Prime Minister Levi Eshkol (himself a Kibbutznik from Degania) was highly sympathetic for the pleas, Defense Minister Moshe Dayan was adamant because of multiple fronts at the same time and the Russian intervention on behalf of the Syrians.
Haim Ber, the spokesman of the settlements in the north, called Eshkol and shouted in desperation "We're being shelled non-stop! We demand that the government free us from this nightmare!"
Thursday, June 8, 1967 (day 4).
On June 8, the Israeli Air Force (IAF) bombarded throughout the day the Syrian positions on the Golan Heights in an attempt to silence the Syrian guns and to press the Syrian government to rethink its position as Egypt and Jordan had now agreed to a cease fire.
It seemed the war was over after four days.
At 1910 hrs on Thursday evening, PM Eshkol tried once more to overcome DM Dayans objections.
Friday, June 9, 1967 (day 5).
At 0600 hrs on Friday, June 9, Brig. Gen. Dado Elazar of the Northern Command was woken up by a phone call of DM Dayan: "Can you attack? Then attack." DM Dayan had changed his mind. He told his chief of staff, “If the Syrians sit quietly, I won’t approve any action against them, but if in spite of all our restraint they continue shelling, I will recommend to the Cabinet that we take the entire Heights.” Operation Hammer had been planned as a night attack. It was dangerous enough even in darkness, but an assault on the Golan Heights during daylight would be suicidal. The offensive was planned for 1130 hrs to give the IAF enough of time to continue its bombardment and to give the Israeli combat engineers time to create a path through enemy mine fields. Fortunately the winter rains had exposed many of the mines and the Syrians had not replaced them. The IAF was dropping from Mount Hermon to Tawfiq (near Hamat Gader) some 400 tons of ordnance, including some captured rockets from Egyptian stocks.
Contrary to Syrian expectations, the IDF was not planning to take the Customs House road (opposite Gadot) in the initial attack, but where the enemy least expected it, in the north in the Galilee Panhandle and south of the Sea of Galilee.
The 8th Armored Brigade of Colonel Albert Mandler was moving from Sinai to Kfar Szold. It had only 33 serviceable M50 and M51 Sherman tanks. Within minutes, the Syrian guns opened fire, not against the advancing troops, but still to the Israeli settlements. Of the eight armored bulldozers five never made it to the top. The Syrians started to confront them with heavy fire.
First breakthrough.
A breakthrough was achieved between Givat HaEm and Tel Azaziat. Soon the tanks overran the abandoned Syrian position at Gur el Askar, shortly afterwards the strongpoint at Na'amush, while the Syrians were fleeing from the post.
Two hours after the 8th Armored Brigade began the offensive, the 1st Golani Infantry Brigade crossed the border at the same place to launch the assault on the entrenchments of Tel Faher and Tel Azaziat. The plan was to start the assault simultaneously from the back side.
While the capture of Tel Azaziat was done relatively easy, the attack on Tel Faher was difficult. The horseshoe-shaped fort was five kilometers inside the Golan Heights, protected with multiple guns, extensive mine fields and three belts of two-sided sloping fences and coiled barbed-wire. Despite the aerial bombardments the position remained relatively intact.
The leading half-tracks lost their way and approached the position where it was strongest instead from the rear. From a few hundred meters they came under heavy fire from the Syrians. One by one the nine Sherman tanks and 19 half-tracks were disabled by gunfire or mines.
The internal Syrian army report showed fear, chaos and desertion:
With the enemy just 700 meters away, under heavy shelling, the platoon in the front trench prepared for the battle. The platoon commander sent Private Jalil 'Issa to the company commander to request permission to take cover, but 'Issa could not find him. The platoon commander sent another runner who returned with Private Fajjar Hamdu Karnazi who reported on the company commander's disappearance. When the enemy reached 600 meters, Sgt. Muhammad Yusuf Ibrahim fired a 10-inch anti-tank gun and knocked out the lead tank. But then he and his squad commander were killed. The enemy column advanced. First Sergant Anwar Barbar, in charge of the second 10-inch gun, could not be found. The platoon commander searched for him but unsuccessfully... Private Hajj al-Din, who was killed just minutes later, took the gun and fired it alone, knocking out two tanks and forcing the column to retreat. But when the platoon commander tried to radio the information to headquarters, nobody answered.
Two flanks of the Golani.
The battalion commander Lieutenant-Colonel Moshe 'Musa' Klein ordered the 25 Golanis, who survived the initial Syrian fire, to attack the position from two flanks.
The southern part was heavy protected with bunkers, trenches and a double row of wire. Inside waited a company of the Syrian 187th Infantry Battalion with an arsenal of anti tank guns, machine guns and 82 mm mortars. “It was one of our most fortified positions. It placed the Israelis directly in our crosshairs.” Remembered its Syrian captain.
The Syrian commander of the northern part ordered his men not to fire until the Israelis reached the wire to catch them in a kill zone. Only minutes later, his deputy reported that “the Jews are already inside.”
The battle continued for three hours. Of the group of 13 who fought on the northern part 3 soldiers survived, and of the southern group of 12 only Corporal Yitzhak Hamawi survived.
"We ran, Musa (Klein) and I through the trenches. Whenever a helmet popped up, we couldn't tell it was one of ours or not. Suddenly in front of us stood a soldier whom we couldn't identify. The battalion commander shouted the password and when the soldier didn't answer, he fired a burst at him but missed. We jumped out of the trench, ran five meters and the Musa fell on his face... killed by the Syrian soldier he'd missed. Our radioman waited for him to leap up again, then shot him."
The Israelis suffered 31 killed and 82 wounded while 62 Syrians died and 20 were taken prisoner.
Aftermath.
The IDF had achieved most of its goals of Operation Hammer even with heavy casualties. They penetrated no deeper than 8 miles into Syrian territory, but established a five mile wide bridgehead between Zaura and Qela. They used the night of 9/10 June to regroup and resupply its forces.
At the same time the Syrian Government was pleading its Arab brothers for military support, but not surprising no assistance was coming. Syria realized that they stood now alone against a powerful and vengeful IDF.
The Golan Heights had fallen in just 31 hours.
"As the smoke subsided, thousands of Galilee settlers, climbed out of their shelters. For the first time in nearly 20 years they could look up at the Golan Heights with pride instead of fear."
Medals of valor.
Following solidiers were decorated in April 1973 with a medal of valor.
Private David Shirazi was part of the assault team that had to climb up the 100m rigged slope under heavy Syrian mortar and machine gun fire to reach the barbed wire fence. Wire cutters would have taken too long. He lay himself across the wire and told his comrades to use his body as a bridge.
After the last one got through he untangled himself and ran after them into the Syrian position. When the machine gunner fell wounded, he took his weapon and continued the attack until he was killed some minutes later.
Private Moshe Drimmer belonged to a group of nine combat soldiers who had to clean the path from mines for the tanks. A few hundred meters from Tel Faher he came under heavy fire. His half-track was hit and burst into flames. Nevertheless he turned the machine gun inside the burning vehicle towards the Syrian position and gave covering fire to his comrades. He continued firing until his vehicle was hit again and exploded.
Lieutenant Natanel Horovitz was the commander of one of the three tanks that reached Qela. His commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Arye Biro, was badly wounded by splinters but continued to lead until he collapsed and had to be evacuated.
He sent Natanel Horovitz to take the lead. Horovitz' company raced through the relatively weak outpost of Gur el Askar, continued towards Na'amush. There he should have been united with another company to storm Na'amush, but due to delays, he continued on his own. He successfully passed the Ukda position. Suddenly he realized that he was storming Sir Adib, which he had been trying to avoid. But he was fully engaged and had no other choice than continue his assault.
Captain Yuval Ben-Arzi tried to contact Horovitz to tell him to storm Qela, but couldn't reach him, because the hatch was hit a wounded him in the head. His blood had shorted the radio intercom in his helmet. The second in command, Major Rafael Mokady was dead and several other officers dead or wounded, the battlegroup was at a crisis point. Only the wounded Lt. Horovitz was still advancing. In the end, he entered the enemy stronghold with just other two tanks and captured the position. 
Later he rose into senior rank in the IDF.
Sergeant Shaul Vardi was one of the tank commanders that stormed Qela. On the way to Qela he had destroyed several fortified Syrian positions. But when his tank was hit, he got wounded in the face and was unable to see for a while. When he recovered his sight, he continued to fight. His tank was hit for a second time and this time knocked out. Armed with only Uzi SMG and hand grenades, he and his men continued to clear Syrian positions. Only after the objective was achieved, he allowed himself to be evacuated to hospital.
Today.
Many of the trenches and bunkers of Tel Faher are in the same condition as they were on capture. It was the 1st Golani Brigade that captured the pivotal position at a cost in casualties. The place is now called Mitzpe Golani or Golani Lookout.

</doc>
<doc id="20153873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153873" title="2005 France rugby union tour of South Africa and Australia">
2005 France rugby union tour of South Africa and Australia

The 2005 France rugby union tour of South Africa and Australia was a series of matches played in June and July 2005 in South Africa and Australia by France national rugby union team.
Matches.
South Africa: 15.Percy Montgomery, 14.Jean de Villiers, 13.Marius Joubert, 12.De Wet Barry, 11.Bryan Habana, 10.Jaco van der Westhuyzen, 9.Fourie du Preez, 8.Jacques Cronje, 7.Danie Rossouw, 6.Schalk Burger, 5.Victor Matfield, 4.Albert van den Berg, 3.Eddie Andrews, 2.John Smit (capt.), 1.Os du Randt, - "replacements:" 17.CJ van der Linde - "No entry :" 16.Hanyani Shimange, 18.Juan Smith, 19.Joe van Niekerk, 20.Ricky Januarie, 21.Jaque Fourie, 22.Brent Russell
France: 15.Julien Laharrague, 14.Julien Candelon, 13.Florian Fritz, 12.Yannick Jauzion, 11.Cedric Heymans, 10.Frederic Michalak, 9.Jean-Baptiste Elissalde (capt), 8.Julien Bonnaire, 7.Olivier Magne, 6.Yannick Nyanga, 5.Romain Millo-Chluski, 4.Pascal Pape, 3.Sylvain Marconnet, 2.Sebastien Bruno, 1.Olivier Milloud, - "replacements:" 16.William Servat, 17.Pieter de Villiers, 18.Gregory Lamboley, 19.Remy Martin, 20.Dimitri Yachvili, 21.Damien Traille, 22.Nicolas Brusque 
South Africa: 15.Percy Montgomery, 14.Jean de Villiers, 13.Marius Joubert, 12.De Wet Barry, 11.Bryan Habana, 10.Jaco van der Westhuyzen, 9.Ricky Januarie, 8.Jacques Cronje, 7.Danie Rossouw, 6.Schalk Burger , 5.Victor Matfield, 4.Albert van den Berg, 3.CJ van der Linde, 2.John Smit (capt.), 1.Lawrence Sephaka, - "replacements:" 17.Gurthro Steenkamp, 18.Juan Smith, 19.Joe van Niekerk, 20.Fourie du Preez, 21.Jaque Fourie, 22.Brent Russell - "No entry :" 16.Hanyani Shimange
France: 14.Vincent Clerc, 13.Yannick Jauzion, 12.Damien Traille, 11.Cedric Heymans, 10.Frederic Michalak, 9.Dimitri Yachvili (capt.), 8.Julien Bonnaire, 7.Remy Martin, 6.Yannick Nyanga, 5.Thibault Privat, 4.Pascal Pape, 3.Pieter de Villiers, 2.William Servat, 1.Sylvain Marconnet, "replacements:" 17.Olivier Milloud, 18.Gregory Lamboley, 19.Olivier Magne, 20.Jean-Baptiste Elissalde, 21.Benoit Baby, Julien Laharrague - "No entry:" 22.Julien Laharrague
Australia: 15.Chris Latham, 14.Wendell Sailor, 13.Stirling Mortlock, 12.Matt Giteau, 11.Lote Tuqiri, 10.Stephen Larkham, 9.George Gregan (capt), 8.David Lyons, 7.George Smith, 6.Rocky Elsom, 5.Nathan Sharpe, 4.Mark Chisholm, 3.Al Baxter, 2.Jeremy Paul, 1.Bill Young, - "replacements:" 16.Stephen Moore, 17.Matt Dunning, 18.Alister Campbell, 19.John Roe, 20.Chris Whitaker, 21.Morgan Turinui, 22.Mat Rogers 
France: 15.Nicolas Brusque, 14.Julien Laharrague, 13.Yannick Jauzion, 12.Benoit Baby, 11.Cedric Heymans, 10.Frederic Michalak, 9.Jean-Baptiste Elissalde (capt.), 8.Julien Bonnaire, 7.Olivier Magne, 6.Remy Martin, 5.Pascal Pape, 4.Gregory Lamboley, 3.Denis Avril, 2.Dimitri Szarzewski, 1.Olivier Milloud, - "replacements:" 16.Sebastien Bruno, 17.Sylvain Marconnet, 18.Thibault Privat, 19.Yannick Nyanga, 20.Pieter de Villiers, 21.Damien Traille, 22.Julien Candelon 

</doc>
<doc id="20153899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153899" title="The Cabiri">
The Cabiri

The Cabiri, a Seattle-based non-profit physical theater troupe, was founded in 1999 by Artistic Director John S. Murphy. In 2001, the troupe became legally incorporated (under the organization The Anunnaki Project) and obtained 501(c)(3) status from the IRS. The mission of The Cabiri and The Anunnaki Project is to preserve the mythologies of cultures that have passed into antiquity, utilizing theatrical, storytelling dance performances, educational presentations, and a free online encyclopedia of terms from folklore and mythology.
Since its inception, the troupe has utilized a variety of mediums to present "performative mythology," theatrical depictions of tales from folklore and mythology. Tales from Babylonian mythology, Celtic mythology, Chinese mythology, Greek mythology, Italian folklore, Japanese mythology, Romanian folklore, Russian mythology, Sumerian mythology, and other mythos have been utilized in past productions.
The Cabiri's early work consisted primarily of street theater and performance art including fire dancing, stilt walking, and juggling. In 2001 the company began incorporating aerial dance on low-flying trapeze, aerial sling, aerial hoop (lyra), and other apparatus. Aerial dance has since become the primary performance focus of the troupe.
In 2006, the organization expanded its activities to include aerial dance instruction for adults.
The troupe draws from accredited academic resources that have undergone peer review when creating new work, and strives to educate the public about folklore and mythology via its theatrical productions. The organization's work has been presented to thousands of audience members throughout North America in the last decade and has been featured in a variety of media and arts-related publications.
Performance history.
"The Genesis of Ereshkigal" (July 2000): utilizing puppetry, physical theatre, and fire performance, this early production depicted Ereshkigal's abduction by Kur and Enki's rescue attempt.
"The Kojiki of Amaterasu" (September 2001): one of the final performances on the stage at the old Seattle Opera House, the story of Japanese solar goddess Amaterasu.
"Vasalisa the Beautiful" (March 2002): a tale from Russian folklore, in which Baba Yaga, the forest witch encounters the lovely Vasalisa and sets before her three impossible tasks.
"Dance of the Calusari" (May 2003): in collaboration with Radost Folk Ensemble, explored Romanian folklore and the Calusari folk dancers.
"The Ghost Game" (October 2006): survey of folklore and mythology regarding ghosts; premise inspired by Hyaku Monogatari, a Japanese ghost story game.
"Garden of Dreams" (June 2007): nine tales depicting folklore and mythology of plants from a variety of cultures.
"Gods of the Night" (July 2008): seven Mesopotamian planetary gods and Inanna's epic descent to the Underworld and encounter with Ereshkigal, Queen of the Sumerian Underworld.
"The Ghost Game: Tales of 13 Witches" (October 2008): nine performances exploring the witch archetype in folklore and mythology.
"The Ghost Game: Dead Gods" (October 2009): six vignettes depicting deaths of deities from folklore and mythology.
"Carpathian Dawn" (April 2010): a full length production drawing tales from Slavic mythology including the bathhouse spirit Bannik, house spirits Domovoi, and primary god Svarog.
"The Ghost Game: Devil In the Deep Blue Sea" (October 2010): seven vignettes exploring tales from bodies of water, including the Slavic Rusalka, the Scottish Each uisge, Japanese Kappa, Ondine, and Egyptian Apep.
"The Ghost Game: Winternacht" (October 2011): vignettes exploring tales of winter, including the Slavic Marzanna, the Himalayan Yeti, Algonquian Wendigo, and Russian Father Frost, and Hittite Telepinu.
"Tarhun: Legend of the Lightning God" (April 2012): a full-length production depicting the storm god Tarhun and his battles against various foes including the great serpent Illuyanka, frost god Hahhimas and rock golem Ullikummi.
Publishing.
In April 2012, the organization published its first book "Tarhun: Legend of the Lightning God." Co-authored by Mark Teppo and John Murphy, the text explores Hittite mythology, focusing upon storm god mythos and includes a novelization of the script for the theatrical production by the same name. ISBN 978-0-9853031-4-3.

</doc>
<doc id="20153901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153901" title="Kremers">
Kremers

Kremers is a German and Dutch surname, a variation of Kramer. may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20153906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153906" title="Old Money (album)">
Old Money (album)

Old Money is a studio album by Omar Rodríguez-López released by Stones Throw Records in November 2008, and is the musician's first album on that label. Rodríguez-López explained that the album is "loosely based on the concept of exploitative industrialists and, well, their old money." Stones Throw Records released the vinyl version of the album on February 6, 2009.
Rodriguez-Lopez has hinted that this record was a potential follow up to the 2006 The Mars Volta studio album "Amputechture" until he changed his musical direction. Many songs share similarities with previous Mars Volta live jams.
Metacritic gave the album a 70/100, but erroneously referred to it as "The debut album for the Mars Volta guitarist.
In the song "I Like Rockefellers' First Two Albums, But After That...", there is a dialog from the movie El Topo, from Chilean director Alejandro Jodorowsky.

</doc>
<doc id="20153927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153927" title="2001 France rugby union tour of South Africa and New Zealand">
2001 France rugby union tour of South Africa and New Zealand


</doc>
<doc id="20153933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153933" title="Kenya–Russia relations">
Kenya–Russia relations

Kenya–Russia relations () are bilateral relations between Russia and Kenya. Russia has an Embassy in Nairobi. Kenya is represented in Russia through its Embassy in Moscow. Russia had established diplomatic relations with Kenya on December 14, 1963 and it still has good relations with the East African country. 
In May 1997, in Moscow, the foreign ministers of Russia and Kenya signed a Memorandum of ministerial consultations (last round was held in Nairobi in November 2009). In July 2008, Russia on a working visit to the head of the Kenyan Foreign Minister M.Vetangula.
In May 2001 he visited Kenya Parliamentary delegation led by the Deputy Speaker of the State Duma of the Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation Georgy Boos. In July 2002, Moscow was visited by Kenyan MPs from the Committee on Defense and Foreign Affairs Committee of the National Assembly. 
In November 2007, in Kenya, a delegation headed by the Deputy Chairman of the Federation Council Svetlana Orlova. The delegation of the National Assembly of the Republic of Kenya, took part in the International Parliamentary Conference "Russia - Africa: Horizons of Cooperation", which was held June 15–16, 2010 in Moscow. 
In June 2009, in Moscow, Minister of Tourism of the Republic of Kenya N.M.Balala, who met with the Head of the Federal Tourism Agency A.I.Yarochkinym. In September 2009, Deputy Minister of Tourism, Mrs. S.Mbarire held talks with Chairman of the Tourism Committee of Moscow G.V.Antyufeevym, representatives of the Russian Chamber of Commerce.
In January 2011, Deputy Chairman of the Federation Council Svetlana Orlova took part in the Russian-Kenyan business forum in Nairobi.
In November 2010, Nairobi, visited Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. He had a conversation with the President of Kenya Mwai Kibaki, talks with Acting Foreign Minister Dzh.Saytoti. During the visit, a Memorandum of Cooperation between the Diplomatic Academy of the Russian Foreign Ministry and the Foreign Service Institute Foreign Minister of Kenya, as well as an agreement on cooperation and cultural exchanges between the Museum of Anthropology and Ethnography. Peter the Great (Kunstkamera) and the National Museums of Kenya.
In March 2011, Moscow on a short working visit to the Acting Foreign Minister George Saitoti, who held talks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov.
Turnover in 2010, according to the Federal Customs Service of Russia totaled 204.3 million ($ 110 million - in 2009). Russian exports (121.5 million) steel, rubber, chemicals, solar panels, small quantities of consumer goods. Imports (82.8 million dollars) tea, coffee, flowers.
In 2006, Russia had Kenya by the World Food Programme (WFP) humanitarian assistance in the amount of $ 2 million. 
In August 2011, in Kenya from the contribution of the Russian Federation to fund WFP $ 1 million was delivered 1040 tons of Russian wheat flour. To help refugees in the territory of Kenya, in October will be allocated a special flight Russian Emergencies Ministry with party drugs.
From Russian private business structures to the Kenyan market foothold "Kenruss Medix Co., Ltd.." (Medical equipment, commercial promotion scholarships to Russian universities) and "Rusmotors" (sale of cars "UAZ" and "KAMAZ"). Preparing a project company organization truck assembly "KAMAZ".
Russian companies are studying the possibility of participating in the construction and reconstruction of railway lines in Kenya.
In May 2005 in Moscow under the Russian Ministry of Natural Resources and the Ministry of Environment Protection and Natural Resources of Kenya signed interdepartmental document on the main areas of cooperation, and in May 2006 - a memorandum of understanding.
Strengthening the relations in the field of tourism. Kenya is annually visited by about 10 thousand Russian tourists. In the projects of the Russian-Kenyan cooperation agreement in the field of tourism. N.M.Balala again visited Moscow in March 2011 to participate in the International Tourism Exhibition.
In November 2009, the Kenyan delegation led by the Minister of Transport Ch.Mvakvere participated in the First Global Ministerial Conference on Road Safety in Moscow.
In 2010 JSC "Aeroflot - Russian Airlines" and "Kenya Airways' commercial agreement on joint operation of the route Moscow - Dubai - Nairobi, and the Russian airline" Air Company "Flight" was scheduled to perform passenger and cargo transportation on the route Moscow - Nairobi - Moscow.
In our country were educated about 1,400 Kenyan citizens.
In 2008, for the state and the private line of training have left about 200 people. Russia annually grants Kenya 30 fellowships from the federal budget. In 2010, because of organizational difficulties with the Kenyan side of the number to go to Russia to train Kenyans dropped to 26 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20153963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153963" title="Bagworth and Ellistown railway station">
Bagworth and Ellistown railway station

Bagworth and Ellistown was a railway station on the Leicester to Burton upon Trent Line, that served the villages of Bagworth and Ellistown in Leicestershire. It was opened by the Midland Railway in 1849 and closed by British Railways in 1964. It was at Bagworth on what is now the B585 road.
History.
The Leicester and Swannington Railway had previously opened a Bagworth station in 1832. The Midland Railway took over the line in 1845 and made a number of improvements, including replacing the original Bagworth station with a new one in 1 August 1849. The Ellis family created the colliery and village of Ellistown in 1873 and the Midland renamed the station Bagworth and Ellistown on 1 October 1894.
The Midland Railway became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway under the Grouping of 1923. The Leicester to Burton line became part of the London Midland Region of British Railways under the transport nationalisation of 1948. British Railways closed the station to passenger traffic on 7 September 1964.
Reopening proposals.
In the 1990s BR planned to restore passenger services to the Leicester to Burton upon Trent Line as the second phase of its Ivanhoe Line project. However, after the privatisation of British Rail in 1995 this phase of the project was discontinued. In 2009 the Association of Train Operating Companies published a £49 million proposal to restore passenger services to the line that would include reopening a station at Bagworth.

</doc>
<doc id="20153965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153965" title="AnMed Health Women's &amp; Children's Hospital">
AnMed Health Women's &amp; Children's Hospital

The AnMed Health Women's and Children's Hospital is a 72-bed facility and one of three hospitals in the AnMed Health system. The health system's other two licensed hospitals are the AnMed Health Medical Center and the AnMed Health Rehabilition Hospital. The Women’s and Children’s Hospital is located at the AnMed Health North Campus at 2000 E. Greenville St. in Anderson, SC.
More than 2,000 births occur each year at the Women’s and Children’s Hospital. The hospital has a Level II Nursery, which cares for premature newborns at 32 weeks of gestation and full-term newborns with breathing difficulties, jaundice or other medical conditions. Other hospital services include women’s surgery, diagnostic imaging and pediatric care.

</doc>
<doc id="20153967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153967" title="Roger Filgate">
Roger Filgate

Roger Filgate is an American guitarist, most noted for his work with Wishbone Ash.
Musical career.
Prior to playing with Wishbone Ash, Filgate played on various gig circuits across the United States before meeting Andy Powell in a music store in Connecticut. This 1993 meeting led to Filgate joining the band full-time for their 1995 studio album Illuminations and subsequent tours resulting in the Live in Geneva album, and compilation albums "The Best of Wishbone Ash", and "Distillation".
Filgate left Wishbone Ash in 1997, and pursued a career in a Beatles tribute band Twist and Shout, along with ex-Wishbone Ash bassist Tony Kishman, until leaving in 2000.
The new millennium ushered in Filgate’s various original bands, with live performances and album releases from Cinema, "Universal Language (2000)", Blast Room, "Rock is Dead (2005)", and a special guest appearance on legendary singer Chubby Checker's single "Knock Down The Walls (2007)", featuring a notable guitar solo by Filgate.
In 2008, Filgate became established as a solo artist with his highly acclaimed instrumental album "Worlds Within". Several songs have appeared as soundtrack music for major networks including A&E’s ‘Gene Simmons Family Jewels’ and Disney/Pixar’s ‘World of Cars’ resulting in sales, radio and web play in more than twenty countries worldwide. Additional solo releases from Filgate include "Letting Go (2010)", "The Epic Singles (2011)", "2 (2012)", and a collection of works titled "Progressive Collective (2012)".

</doc>
<doc id="20153971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153971" title="Correlated double sampling">
Correlated double sampling

Correlated double sampling (CDS) is a method to measure electrical values such as voltages or currents that allows removing an undesired offset. It is used often when measuring sensor outputs. The output of the sensor is measured twice: once in a known condition and once in an unknown condition. The value measured from the known condition is then subtracted from the unknown condition to generate a value with a known relation to the physical quantity being measured.
This is commonly used in switched capacitor operational amplifiers to effectively double the gain of the charge sharing opamp, while adding an extra phase.
When used in imagers, correlated double sampling is a noise reduction technique in which the Reference Voltage of the pixel (i.e., the pixel’s voltage after it is reset) is removed from the Signal Voltage of the pixel (i.e., the pixel’s voltage at the end of integration) at the end of each integration period.

</doc>
<doc id="20153980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153980" title="1953–54 United States network television schedule (weekday)">
1953–54 United States network television schedule (weekday)

These are the daytime Monday–Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1953. All times are Eastern and Pacific.
Talk shows are highlighted in yellow, local programming is white, reruns of prime-time programming are orange, game shows are pink, soap operas are chartreuse, news programs are gold and all others are light blue. New series are highlighted in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="20153992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20153992" title="Best of Guy Clark">
Best of Guy Clark

Best of Guy Clark is an album by American singer-songwriter Guy Clark, released in 1982.
Except for four tracks, it includes all of the songs released by Clark on his two albums on RCA. Both "Old No. 1" and "Texas Cookin"' were re-issued on CD on the Camden label in 2001.
Track listing.
All songs by Guy Clark unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20154002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154002" title="Y. D. Tiwari">
Y. D. Tiwari

Yisu Das Tiwari (1911–1997) was an Indian theologian
He was a scholar in Sanskrit, Hindi and Greek. The Bible Society of India
History.
Yisu Das Tiwari was born Badri Prasad Tiwari into a Vaishnavite family in Agra in 1911 to Smt. Rajkunwar and Pandit Hari Govind Tiwari. As a growing youth, Tiwari was influenced by Swami Dayananda Saraswati, founder of the Arya Samaj and Swami Rama Tirtha.
It was during his college days, that he came under the influence of Canon Holland, E. Stanley Jones, C. F. Andrews and others. After a reading of the Gospel according to Saint John, he took keen interest in the studies of the Bible and devotional writings of Christian mystics. Jesus Christ became his Ishta deva. However, his newfound faith did not go well with his family members who sent him for internment to a mental asylum.
Tiwari however became a Christian and chose to be baptised in January 1935 under the aegis of the Baptist Missionary Society.
He later joined Mahatma Gandhi's Ashram in Wardha and began to follow Gandhi's teachings. He swore to uphold Satya and began to wear khadi clothes.
Simultaneously, Tiwari began growing in his new-found faith in Jesus Christ and chose to become a priest. He was ordained by the Baptist Missionary Society.
Contribution.
Translation of Scriptures.
It was William Carey who first brought out the Hindi Bible
In the latter half of the twentieth century, the Bible Society of India took upon the task of translating the existing versions of the Bible into contemporary versions. As early as 1956, the Hindi Common Language Translation Panel headed by Y. D. Tiwari came out with the Gospel according to Mark. In due course of time, the other books of the New Testament were also translated from the original Greek into Hindi.
Translations (year-wise)
Teaching.
Tiwari began his career as a teacher in schools - Mission School, Kotgarh, Shimla, and Baptist Mission School, Agra, where he was the Head Master, before finally stepping onto the portals of seminaries. He first taught at the North India United Theological College in Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh before he moved to Serampore College, Serampore, West Bengal. He was Lecturer in Sanskrit and Philosophy of Religions at the Serampore College from 1963 to 1972. Notable among his students were D. S. Satyaranjan, Paulose Mar Paulose, G. Babu Rao and others.
Rev. Tiwari later taught at the Bishop's College, Kolkata from the academic year 1972-1973 onwards.
Honours.
Baptist World Alliance.
In the year 1955, Tiwari gave a talk on "We Preach Christ the Crucified Saviour" in London during the Golden Jubilee Celebrations of the Baptist World Alliance.
Senate of Serampore College (University).
India's first university, the Senate of Serampore College (University) in West Bengal conferred upon him a Doctor of Divinity, "honoris causa" in the year 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20154009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154009" title="Karen Weldin Stewart">
Karen Weldin Stewart

Karen Weldin Stewart is the Insurance Commissioner for the State of Delaware. 
She was elected in 2008 to replace incumbent Insurance Commissioner Matt Denn, who did not run for re-election as he was seeking the office of Lieutenant Governor of Delaware. She unsuccessfully campaigned for the office of Insurance Commissioner in the 2000 general election and the 2004 Democratic primary. 
In 2008, Stewart won a three-way Democratic primary election for Insurance Commissioner. In the 2008 general election, Stewart was elected to office of with 56.9% of the vote over Republican John Brady's 41%. 
Public Offices.
! Office
! Type
! Location
! Elected
! Took Office
! Left Office
! notes 

</doc>
<doc id="20154012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154012" title="VSSC Central School">
VSSC Central School

VSSC Central School is an English medium co-educational public school in Thumba, Thiruvananthapuram, India. It was founded to enable the residents of VSSC Housing Colony to send their children to a local school. Admission is restricted to children of Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre employees. It is a full-fledged senior secondary school, offering five streams at the +2 level with almost 1000 students and 50 staff members. It is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi.
It was founded in 1976 with 28 students and four teachers in a type II quarter to cater to the educational needs of the wards of the ISRO employees staying in VSSC housing colony. It has a sprawling campus with five interlinked blocks. The Principal is Mrs. Pushpa R. Menon and the Vice Principal is Mrs. Beena Praba. There are more than 50 teaching staff, 10 non teaching and five office staff.

</doc>
<doc id="20154029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154029" title="Morocco–Russia relations">
Morocco–Russia relations

Morocco–Russia relations() is the bilateral relationship between Russia and Morocco. Bilateral relations between Russia and Morocco have traditionally been very good. Russia has an embassy in Rabat, and a consular office in Casablanca. Morocco is represented in Russia by its embassy to Moscow. Former Prime Minister and current President Vladimir Putin had paid a visit to Morocco in September 2006 in order to boost economic and military ties between Russia and Morocco. Morocco-Russian relations are still in constant development, while trade between the two countries reached over two billion dollars in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20154095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154095" title="Dave Meggyesy">
Dave Meggyesy

David Michael Meggyesy (born November 1, 1941, in Cleveland, Ohio) is a former American football player, author, and union organizer. He played college football at Syracuse University, and was drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 17th round of the 1963 NFL Draft, where he was a linebacker for seven seasons. He became involved in civil rights and anti-war activities while with the Cardinals. After leaving the team, he wrote "Out of Their League," a controversial memoir about his experiences in football. He later taught courses in the sociology of sports, coached high school football, and became a union representative for the National Football League Players Association.
Early life and education.
Meggyesy was born in Cleveland, Ohio, where his father was a machinist and union organizer. When he was five his family moved to Glenwillow, Ohio, where, says Meggyesy, he "was, literally, raised on a pig farm next to a dynamite factory." At Solon High School, in Solon, Ohio, he played football and other sports. He then attended Syracuse University on an athletic scholarship.
During his early years in the NFL, Meggyesy was a graduate student in sociology at Washington University.
Post-NFL career.
Meggyesy spent four months in 1970 at Jack Scott's Institute for the Study of Sport and Society in Oakland, California, where he wrote his bestselling memoir, "Out of Their League." He was interviewed on the Dick Cavett show shortly before its publication, (with Janis Joplin, Gloria Swanson and Margot Kidder). According to the "San Jose Mercury News," the book was "the first critical look at the dehumanizing aspects of pro football." In 1973, Meggyesy was a co-founder of the Esalen Sports Center. After living in Colorado for several years, Meggesey's family returned to California. He began teaching courses at Stanford University, including Sports Consciousness and Social Change, and The Athlete and Society. 
In 1980, while still teaching part-time at Stanford, he was hired as head football coach at Tamalpais High School, in Mill Valley, California. His son was one of three seniors on the varsity team, which had gone 2–8 the year before. In 1990, they were 0–11. Meggyesy later said, "We went 0-11, but it was a great experience to see them mature and gain confidence even when we were losing. High school football is football in its purest form. It struck me what a crucible for learning it was."
He was then hired by the National Football League Players Association (NFLPA) as Western Regional Director. He retired in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20154119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154119" title="Mauritius–Russia relations">
Mauritius–Russia relations

Mauritius–Russia relations refers to the bilateral relations of Russia and Mauritius.
Background.
Soviet-era relations.
The Soviet Union and Mauritius established diplomatic relations on 17 March 1968.
Russian Federation relations.
Diplomatic ties.
The Embassy of the Russian Federation is located in Floreal, and the Embassy of the Republic of Mauritius in Moscow was opened in August 2003. The current Ambassador of Russia to Mauritius is Vyacheslav NIKIFOROV (Letters of Credence presented on 28 July 2011). The current Ambassador of Mauritius to Russia is Indira Savitree THACOOR SIDAYA, who presented her Letters of Credence to Russian President Vladimir Putin on 23 October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20154156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154156" title="Mortimer O'Sullivan">
Mortimer O'Sullivan

Mortimer O'Sullivan (1791–1859) was a Church of Ireland clergyman and member of the Orange Order.
He was born a Catholic in Clonmel, County Tipperary, the son of a Catholic schoolmaster. He converted to Protestantism in boyhood and was educated as a Protestant. He attended Trinity College, Dublin where he graduated with an MA in 1812 and was ordained about 1816.
In 1826 he succeeded Thomas Le Fanu, father of Sheridan Le Fanu as chaplain to the Military School in the Phoenix Park in Dublin. Throughout the 1830s and 1840s he was the chief ideologist of the Dublin University Magazine, a role he shared with his brother Samuel, also a convert and a cleric. 
His influence on the Church of Ireland was considerable, not so much for the originality as the blatancy of his views. He was strongly anti-Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="20154163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154163" title="Bob Lonsberry">
Bob Lonsberry

Bob Lonsberry is an American radio talk show host, columnist, author and conservative political commentator. A newsman for 25 years, Lonsberry claims to have won in excess of 80 journalism and broadcasting awards, including top Associated Press commentary awards in newspaper, radio and television—the only person ever to do so. 
He has been a newspaper reporter, columnist, photojournalist and editor, as well as a magazine writer and commentator on radio and television and a television reporter and manager. He is the author of "The Early Years," a collection of newspaper columns, as well as a collection of essays, and four short novels.
Lonsberry is a native of Canisteo, New York.
Radio shows.
Once using the promotional tagline "The most fired man in Rochester media," Lonsberry hosts two radio talk shows featuring a mix of news, political commentary, callers, and day-to-day anecdotes. One show airs on WHAM (AM) in Rochester, New York from 9 AM to 12 PM ET. The other airs on WSYR (AM) in Syracuse, New York from 3 PM to 6 PM. The program is also available using the "I 'Heart' Radio" mobile phone app and at the "I 'Heart' Radio" website.
Lonsberry almost always expresses a conservative opinion about the issues he discusses on his talk shows. Typically, Lonsberry spends most of his shows discussing local and state issues—less frequently discussing national issues. Lonsberry also discusses life and family issues. Lonsberry is currently married to his third wife. He and his first wife divorced and his second marriage was annulled.
Merchandising.
In February 2009, Lonsberry coined the term FUBO and began selling t-shirts and other merchandise with the term at fubowear.com. This term, an acronym for the phrase "F-cked Up By Obama", is often used on his radio show to express disgust with the actions and policies of the US President. He also promotes NOBO (NO Barack Obama) apparel and accessories.
Controversy, firing, rehiring, and latest firing.
While working as a talk show host for WHAM-Rochester in late 2003, an orangutan had temporarily escaped its cage in Rochester's Seneca Park Zoo. Lonsberry made the comment while monkey sounds played, "a monkey's loose up at the zoo again--and he's running for county executive." He was insinuating that Mayor Johnson was unfit for the position. The two candidates were Maggie A. Brooks, a white woman who was then county clerk, and William A. Johnson, Jr., a black man who was then mayor. Lonsberry never mentioned the three-term mayor by name. WHAM radio said in a statement that "although Mr. Lonsberry expressed a willingness to change, it became obvious to us that he is not embracing diversity."
Lonsberry was later fired from WHAM-AM for the remarks (but not from KNRS, both Clear Channel radio stations). When WHAM ratings in his time slot plunged, he was rehired following completion of sensitivity training. During his absence, many fans of his Rochester show boycotted the station and its sponsors until he was returned to the airwaves. 
On June 16, 2010, Lonsberry was fired from KNRS in Salt Lake City, Utah, where he'd hosted show weekdays between 5 AM to 9 AM MT for a decade. In Lonsberry's daily web column, he indicated that the station attributed his firing to his lower listener ratings following the introduction of the Portable People Meter. Lonsberry also suggests that his opposition to Republican primary candidate for US Senate, Mike Lee, a Utah-based attorney whose employer, a law firm whose clients includes one of KNRS's advertisers, may have been a factor in his firing. Lonsberry writes:
Lonsberry vocally supported Mike Lee's primary-election opponent, Tim Bridgewater, a businessman and former Chairman of the Utah County Republican Party. The Bridgewater Campaign subsequently pulled all its ads from radio station KNRS.
Interest in Lonsberry's firing from KNRS was high with over a thousand reader comments—several times the normal response—to Lonsberry's weekday blog. Lonsberry fans also started a grassroots listener campaign with the objective of restoring Lonsberry to his position (www.bringbobbacktoutah.com). Lonsberry returned to the Utah airwaves in February 2011 on radio station KLO 1430AM.
On December 20, 2011, Lonsberry announced that he was doing his last morning broadcast on KLO due to an upcoming schedule change at WHAM. Lonsberry no longer broadcasts in the Utah radio market.
While the content of Lonsberry's Rochester and Salt Lake City shows were politically and socially conservative, his approach in two broadcast markets differed due to local content and interests. The former Salt Lake City show was more genteel and included frequent religious references whereas the Rochester show is more raucous and occasionally risqué. (On the WHAM show, Lonsberry frequently mentions his affinity for women's breasts.) Lonsberry broadcasts his Rochester show from the WHAM studio, although he occasionally originates the program from his home.
Author.
Lonsberry is a former columnist for the Rochester "Times-Union". Lonsberry currently writes a weekday column published on his own website. Lonsberry has also been published in The Washington Times and on the National Rifle Association's website, nra.com.
Lonsberry has authored five books:
Religion.
Lonsberry was an LDS (Mormon) missionary on the Navajo and Hopi reservations in the American Southwest. Lonsberry claimed to attend the LDS church and discussed topics related to the church during his Salt Lake City radio show. Although less frequently than on KNRS, he continues to discuss religious topics on his WHAM show. He has written in defense of the veracity of the Book of Mormon. Lonsberry avoids publicly discussing his membership status in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) but has often discussed topics related to the church during his radio shows. These religious discussions were frequent on the former Salt Lake City show but are discussed much less often with the Rochester and Syracuse area audiences.

</doc>
<doc id="20154172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154172" title="11th Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment">
11th Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment

The 11th (Craigavon) Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment was formed from companies of the 2nd Battalion Ulster Defence Regiment and the 3rd Battalion Ulster Defence Regiment in 1972. In 1991 under the reductions planned in Options for Change by the British Army, it again amalgamated with 2 UDR to form the 2nd/11th Battalion Ulster Defence Regiment.
Formation.
The battalion was formed in 1972 after an announcement by Major General Robert Ford, Commander Land Forces in Northern Ireland (CLFNI). The raising of the new and final battalion of the UDR brought operational strength up to 9,000 men, making the regiment not only the youngest, but largest infantry battalion in the British Army.
The new battalion was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Robin Chappell, who had previously been commander of the neighbouring 2 UDR, the first regular officer to command the 2nd battalion, and was the only regular officer ever to command two separate UDR battalions.
In 1990 11 UDR was reported as having 772 members who patrolled an area of 1,500 square kilometres.
Uniform, armament & equipment.
See: Ulster Defence Regiment Uniform, armament & equipment
Mahon Barracks.
From formation battalion HQ was based at "Fort Mahon", a new purpose built UDR base on the Mahon Road, Portadown beside the historic Mahon House. Assuming command and expanding platoons and companies once part of the Armagh based 2 UDR in Lurgan, Portadown and Tandragee and also the Banbridge Company of 3 UDR. Fort Mahon later became known as Mahon Barracks.
The accommodation at the barracks consisted of:
In 1974 HQNI re-established 3rd Infantry Brigadeat Lurgan but subsequently moved it to Mahon Barracks where it included, along with Brigade Staff, 174 (Provost) Company, Royal Military Police. It was joined later by a roulemont unit from the regular army unit at the Maze prison, G Squadron 22 SAS Regiment, under the working name of 4 Field Survey Troop, Royal Engineers, and elements of the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) including the HQ and Divisional Mobile Support Units. The brigade was again moved to Drumadd Barracks in 1988 during a restructuring of land forces in Northern Ireland.
This required expansion and extra facilities. Added to the existing UDR infrastructure were:
Disposal.
In 2008 127 army married quarter houses adjacent to Mahon Barracks were bought and renovated by a private developer and are now being offered for sale as "low cost" housing.
SAS.
Mahon Barracks was also the Headquarters of G Squadron, 22 SAS Regiment and was the centre of many of their operations in Northern Ireland including the interception of a Provisional Irish Republican Army team at Loughgall RUC Barracks in 1987. The SAS used the cover name 4 Field Survey Troop, Royal Engineers whilst at Mahon Barracks.
Companies.
HQ Company.
Mahon Barracks, Portadown. - a mixture of regular army and permanent cadre/part-time administration staff, instructors, watchkeepers, mechanics and a guard force of Conrate soldiers. The commander was the battalion commander who was a regular Lieutenant Colonel. Other regular soldiers on attachment included the adjutant (a major), a Training Major and permanent staff instructors. The Quartermaster's stores were also part of this company as were the core services of the battalion which, although modified slightly on expansion, generally consisted of operational organisation, vehicles, radio services, catering and pay.
HQ Company (Operations Platoon).
Scarva Road Barracks, Banbridge - an experimental permanent cadre platoon formed after Ulsterisation which carried out the same duties as the regular army. Selected from the youngest and fittest soldiers with Commanders and NCO's who had, where possible, previous military experience. The commander was a Scottish WO2 who had 22 years experience with the Royal Highland Fusiliers, fighting in colonial conflicts during the disestablishment of empire. His second in command was a Colour Sergeant who had fought in the Congo Crisis and in Cyprus. Main duties were to quickly seal off the A1 Belfast - Dublin dual carriageway and to act as Quick Reaction Force (QRF) for 3 Infantry Brigade and RUC J Division. As the number of permanent cadre soldiers grew a new full-time company was formed at Portadown and the Operations Platoon was integrated into it taking the designation A Company.
A Coy (Tandragee).
Based at Mahon Barracks - a part-time company. Later renamed B Company. Drawn from men (and later women) from the village of Tandragee and surrounding area this company came on duty at 7pm on weekdays and all day on weekends. In addition to patrolling their own villages and rural areas they were also responsible for the relief of the regular army on the permanent guard post at Tandragee Power Station.
B Coy.
(Dromore) was never formed but the designation was later given to A (Tandragee) Coy when the full-time rifle company was established at Portadown from the Operations Platoon and designated "A Company".
C Coy (Lurgan).
Kitchen Hill Barracks, Lurgan. - a part-time company with a small permanent cadre staff who ran the UDR centre within the regular army's barracks. This company was responsible for patrolling the town of Lurgan and its surrounding villages and rural areas.
Arms raid.
Subsequent to a raid against C Company, on 20 October 1972, the guard commander Sgt Billy Hanna MM was convicted of supplying information to loyalist paramilitaries. Most were recovered in follow up operations but some were later proven to have been used by loyalist organisations to carry out crime, including murders.
D Coy (Banbridge).
Scarva Road Barracks, Banbridge - a part-time company with a small permanent cadre staff who administered and guarded the barracks. Drawing its recruits from Banbridge, Dromore and surrounding rural villages and areas the company also patrolled these areas and provided extra checkpoints on the A1 dual carriageway.
E Coy (Portadown).
A part-time company with a small nucleus of permanent cadre administrative staff drawn from the market town of Portadown and its surrounding villages and rural areas. The company provided patrols in the town and surrounding areas as well as the night guard on the telephone exchange at Edenderry.
F Coy (Lisburn).
After the amalgamation of 1 and 9 UDR in 1984 - a part-time company with a small nucleus of permanent cadre administration staff who ran the company offices and facilities within Thiepval Barracks. Recruiting from Lisburn and surrounding areas it too had a mixed patrol area of towns and villages but by its location also patrolled areas of south Belfast.
Area of responsibility.
RUC J Division - taking in the sub-divisions of:
Both part-time and full-time companies of 11 UDR took over operational responsibility in other areas to relieve the pressure on border battalions who had taken heavy casualties, particularly 2 UDR. Part-time soldiers deployed for a weekend but the full-time Operations Platoon (later A Company) and elements of HQ Company Conrate Guard deployed for up to two weeks at a time. Some of these detachments were at:
As well as manning permanent vehicle checkpoints (PVCPs) at these location the 11 UDR Platoons also engaged in urban and rural patrol work with the full-time soldiers taking part in searches, observation activities and denial of territory to the enemy.
Casualties.
The battalion lost nine men during its existence. A further eight were killed as a result of their membership after they had left the battalion. No figures are available for those wounded.
The Miami killings.
Two soldiers from the 11 UDR's C Company, (also UVF members), were convicted of the 1975 killing of three musicians from the Irish showband, the Miami. This attack was led by Robin Jackson, a former ii UDR soldier who had been discharged for "undisclosed reasons". Two soldiers from 11 UDR's E Company, Portadown(also UVF members), died in the premature explosion of their own bomb. More detailed information can be read at: Miami Showband killings.
Notable personnel.
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="20154175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154175" title="Resort of Kamchiya">
Resort of Kamchiya

The Resort Complex of Kamchia, (Bulgarian "Курортен Комплекс Камчия"), is a Black Sea coastal resort on the northern length of the coast of Bulgaria. It is located 25 km south of the Provincial Centre of Varna in the municipality of Avren and lies north of the mouth of the river Kamchia. It is mainly made up of "rest bases", (Bulgarian, "Почивни Бази") which are mini-resorts made up of individual villas and bungalows. There is also a functioning fishing village, and the remains of a military outpost, (now defunct). The resort has a transitional population which only remains for the summer season beginning in May and finishes at the end of September.
History.
It was most built during the period in which Bulgaria was communist, (although there used to be a village beforehand). Many of the rest bases would have originally been national institutions, most of which would have been run by individual ministries, (for example the Transport-Constructional Army had a base). Today, although some of the rest bases have been retained by the government, most are owned by private concessionaires while the standard of the sub-complexes ranges from relatively low to high.

</doc>
<doc id="20154187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154187" title="Papyrus 93">
Papyrus 93

Papyrus 93 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_193, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of John. The surviving texts of John are verses 13:15-17. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the middle 5th century.
The Greek text of this manuscript is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. It has not yet been placed in Aland's Categories of New Testament manuscripts.
The manuscript is currently housed at the "Girolamo Vitelli Papyrological Institute" (PSI Inv. 108) at National Archaeological Museum in Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="20154196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154196" title="3rd Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment">
3rd Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment

3rd (County Down) Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment (3 UDR) was formed in 1970 as part of the 7 original battalions specified in The Ulster Defence Regiment Act 1969, which received Royal Assent on 18 December 1969 and was brought into force on 1 January 1970. It was, along with the rest of the regiment, amalgamated with the Royal Irish Rangers in 1992 to form the Royal Irish Regiment.
Recruitment.
3 UDR had the smallest number of applications from former special constables. It was thought this was because the former county adjutant was discouraging his men from recruitment with the UDR. It also had, along with 7 UDR the highest percentage of Catholic recruits.
The company commander (OC) of C Company, (Newry), 3 UDR, had been OC of the disbanded TA company of the Royal Irish Fusiliers in the town and was pleased to see that virtually all of his TA soldiers were on parade, in the TA Centre, in exactly the same drill hall as they had previously used, for the first night of the new regiment. Many of these men were Catholic ex-servicemen. The OC noted there were also some former B Specials in the room and observed they did not initially associate with the others – not on the grounds of religion but because the former TA soldiers all knew each other socially and sat together on canteen breaks whereas the former specials kept to their own group of comrades, but within a week both had melded together.
Appointment of NCOs and officers.
The appointment of Non-commissioned officers (NCOs) was carried out in a variety of ways. In most cases men were selected who had previously held non commissioned rank in any of the armed forces or the USC. 
In C Company, Newry, many of the recruits had formerly been soldiers in the local territorial company of the Royal Irish Fusiliers, including the company commander. It was a simple matter to appoint men who had previously been his NCOs and he supplemented these with former sergeants from the USC. The filling of senior NCO posts in this manner did have a drawback in that many men of comparatively young ages who had considerable years of service before retirement or promotion created a "promotion block"
Many of the men had previously served with the armed forces and, as a result, were given rank immediately. Two of these were made Permanent Staff Instructors and one was appointed as Company Sergeant Major of C Company, Newry. The second in command of the battalion, the most senior appointment for a part-time soldier, with the rank of major, was also Catholic. This led to a complaint from the chairman of the Ulster Special Constabulary association who claimed that: in 3 UDR preference for promotion and appointments was being given to Catholics. This wasn't true of course. In some battalions where former special constables were in the majority, they were the ones being given promotion and it could equally have been claimed in those cases that Protestants were given an unfair advantage. Ultimately, the policy was to promote those with experience.
History.
Along with the other 6 original battalions, 3 UDR commenced operational duties on 1 April 1970.
Battalion Headquarters were located at Ballykinlar Army Base. Also home to Abercorn Barracks where another British unit would be on a 2 year posting. Bases were also located in Kilkeel and Rathfriland. It was the first battalion to be raised.
The first commanding officer (CO) was Lt Col Desmond Woods MC and bar. Woods had won the MC with the Royal Ulster Rifles in Palestine during 1938, at that time he was the youngest holder of the award. He won his bar to the MC in Italy in 1944 Prior to his appointment as Commanding officer of 3 UDR he had been the County Commandant of the Ulster Special Constabulary for County Down from 1958. In his earliest days as CO, Woods made it clear that he welcomed Catholics into his battalion. This was not welcomed by his former adjutant from the B Specials who, started a campaign to discourage former specials from joining. This man had been retained in the USC after the force was disbanded in order to ensure that all weapons were handed in, so he still had ample contact with the men in order to make his case.
The first training major (TISO - training int and security officer) was Major GJ Entwistle, Royal Regiment of Fusiliers, who was sent to the old hutted camp at Ballykinlar. Part of his job was to find accommodation for the various companies of the new battalion. Where possible accommodation was sought in army bases although the old Ulster Special Constabulary platoon huts were vacant and available. To have used those would have attracted criticism from people who were already claiming that the UDR was the B Specials under a new name.
In 1989 the battalion recorded over 900,000 man hours of duty and the notable success of, in a joint operation with the Royal Ulster Constabulary, discovering a "highly sophisticated" arms factory which turned out home made submachine guns for a loyalist terror group.
Company structure.
Only one of the USC Sub-District Commandants was able to join the battalion as the others were too old. He was given the rank of major and the command of one of the companies. The other company commanders were, a wartime Royal Marine and two former TA officers, one a Catholic.
Uniform, armament & equipment.
Boat sections.
The battalion was equipped with high speed Dory patrol boats from 1972 onwards. The section was commanded by Sir Dennis Faulkner who had previously held the rank of Lieutenant commander in the Royal Naval Reserve before being commissioned into the regiment. Faulkner was later to be appointed as Regimental Colonel in 1982
Greenfinches.
Intimidation.
Protestant and Catholic soldiers were both intimidated out of the regiment. Following the introduction of internment however more Catholic soldiers found themselves the subject of intimidation from within their own community. In C Company the son of the guard sergeant, who had a young family, was burnt out of his home. The wife of another sergeant, an ex regular soldier from County Donegal was threatened whilst out shopping. The daughter of one Permanent Staff Instructor was so bullied at school that he threatened to send her to a Protestant school. In Castlewellan a Catholic soldier resigned because of intimidation.
Casualties.
In 3 UDR the most senior officer killed was part-time Major Ivan Toombs, assassinated on 16 January 1981. Seriously wounded in a previous attack in 1976 Major Toombs was a former member of the Ulster Special Constabulary with 10 years experience who had joined 3 UDR at formation. He was a family man, a scout leader and keen sports player. A customs officer himself, Toombs had been set up by PIRA member Eamon Collins who also worked in customs.

</doc>
<doc id="20154201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154201" title="Namibia–Russia relations">
Namibia–Russia relations

Namibia–Russia relations refers to the bilateral relationship between the Namibia and the Russian Federation. Namibia has an embassy in Moscow and Russia has an embassy in Windhoek. Samuel Mbambo is the Namibian representative in Moscow, while Russia is represented in Windhoek by Nicolai Gribkov.
Russian–SWAPO relations.
The Soviet Union along with both Angola and Cuba gave significant amounts of aid to the freedom fighters, the rightful land owners in both Zimbabwe and Namibia in order to oppose the white minorities who oppressed the local inhabitants. Many leaders of the SWAPO movement in Namibia received training in the Soviet Union. Among these includes President Hifikepunye Pohamba, Petrus Iilonga, Erkki Nghimtina and Ngarikutuke Tjiriange. With the end of South African unpopular apartheid rule in Namibia in 1990, the Soviet Union and its successor state Russia established diplomatic relations with the country.
Post-independence relations.
Relations between Namibia and Russia were considered "excellent" in 2006 by then-Namibian Minister of Education Nangolo Mbumba, while Russia expressed a desire for even stronger relations, particularly in the economic field. Also in 2006, the Namibia-Russia Intergovernmental Commission on Trade and Economic Cooperation was officially opened during a visit by Russian Natural Resources Minister Yuri Trutnev to Windhoek. During said visit, the Minister said Russia was interested in investing in oil, hydro-electric power and tourism. In 2007, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov held discussions with Namibian Deputy Prime Minister Nahas Angula and President Hifikepunye Pohamba in regards to the possibility of developing Namibia's significant uranium deposits with an aim towards creating a nuclear power plant in the country. In 2008, Trutnev returned to Namibia, this time to Swakopmund, to meet at the third annual Intergovernmental Commission. Top foreign ministry official Marco Hausiku and his deputy Lempy Lucas represented Namibia in discussions with Trutnev.
In June 2009, Dmitry Medvedev became the first Russian head of state to visit Namibia. Medvedev was accompanied by Russian businessmen, with a view to sign deals on diamonds and energy.

</doc>
<doc id="20154234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154234" title="9th Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment">
9th Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment

The 9th (County Antrim) Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment was formed in 1972 from two companies of the 1st Battalion Ulster Defence Regiment creating a second battalion in County Antrim. As part of the Options for Change in the British Army it was amalgamated with 1 UDR again in 1991.
History.
The battalion was formed in 1972 from the two companies of the 1st Battalion Ulster Defence Regiment who were based in the south of the county, creating a second battalion in County Antrim. Battalion headquarters, HQ Company and one other were based at Steeple Camp, Antrim, a remnant of World War 2 beside the railway station. Two companies were based in Lisburn and one at Carrickfergus.
The first commanding officer was Lieutenant Colonel "Paddy" Liddle who had previously been a part-time company commander with the 1st (County Antrim) Battalion. Liddle has seen wartime service with the Royal Ulster Rifles and had attended Army Staff College. He was the only UDR officer to be promoted into battalion command.
The battalion was mobilised, along with the rest of the regiment, for Operation Motorman. The UDR provided 5300 soldiers in support of the regular army. After this there was a battalion mobilisation of 9 UDR to help guard the new Belfast city centre segment. This was a zone in the commercial heart of Belfast where 41 streets had been sealed off with barbed wire entanglements and steel fences to prevent explosives being brought in. No cars could be parked there and all shoppers and workers entering the few open streets being searched. Accommodation was found for them in the former Grand Central Hotel in Royal Avenue which was being used as an army base for the city centre.
Uniform, armament & equipment.
See: Ulster Defence Regiment Uniform, armament & equipment
Casualties.
Private L. Colin Houston, aged 30, was killed at his home in Dunmurry by gunmen from the INLA on 20 January 1984. Private Houston died in his wife's arms. He had only recently joined the battalion and was still undergoing training at the UDR's Ballykinlar Training Camp.

</doc>
<doc id="20154237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154237" title="The English College in Prague">
The English College in Prague

The English College in Prague - Anglické gymnázium, o.p.s. is a selective Czecho-British secondary school, providing education in the English language. The system of the College is designed for students of 13-19 years of age (the Czech students arrive from the 7th class in primary school), and so is a 6-year school.
The College schools around 370 students, of which around 70% are Czech, and 30% from foreign countries, such as those in Eastern Asia, Russia, Eastern Europe, among others.
History.
The College opened in September 1994, and as a project was endorsed by three major political parties in the United Kingdom, and President Havel and the Prince of Wales agreed to be Joint Patrons of the English College. In March 1995 the College became the first IB World School in the Czech Republic.
The College is governed by a Board of Governors drawn from the Czech Republic and the UK.
Campus.
The College is nowadays situated at the subway station Vysočanská. The school buildings include specialized science laboratories, an art centre and music room, a computer centre, a well-equipped library, a multi purpose hall and an all-weather outdoor area.
Curriculum.
The curriculum is made of two leading educational programmes, the IGCSE and IB.. Along with finishing the IB in the sixth year, the students also get hold of the Czech Maturita, which is the legal document of achieving secondary education, and allows them to make their attempts to Czech universities.
Czech language is present as a part of the Maturita. Although for non-Czech speakers, a programme without it is prepared.
Extra Curricular Activities.
The College provides numerous in-school and out-of-school activities including rock-climbing, chess and poem slam etc. The majority of students take part in many opportunities offered by the College, however a number of native students prefer to get swole instead. The so called 'hammerheads' or 'gymheads' spend the majority of the provide study periods in the gym cutting or gaining. This creates problems in their ability to complete deadlines but that is accepted as most teachers are afraid of their magnificent biceps. Although kept a secret, the College is run by the official group called 'ECP Bodybuilders United' through secret one on one meetings with the headmaster.

</doc>
<doc id="20154249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154249" title="Suntop Homes">
Suntop Homes

The Suntop Homes, also known under the early name of The Ardmore Experiment, were quadruple residences located in Ardmore, Pennsylvania, and based largely upon the 1935 conceptual Broadacre City model of the "minimum houses". The design was commissioned by Otto Tod Mallery of the Tod Company in 1938 in an attempt to set a new standard for the entry-level housing market in the United States and to increase single-family dwelling density in the suburbs. In cooperation with Frank Lloyd Wright, the Tod Company secured a patent for the unique design, intending to sell development rights for Suntops across the country. The first (and only one) of the four original quadruple units planned for Ardmore was built in 1939, with the involvement of Wright's master builder Harold Turner, after initial construction estimates far surpassed the project budget set by the Tod Company. There were several reasons that construction of the other three planned units did not move forward, including the escalation of the World War, high construction costs and later, protests by local residents against multi-family housing in the neighborhood.
The design of the Ardmore Experiment was based upon a series of four individual Usonian dwellings arranged together around a central point, in a pinwheel plan, but with the living spaces stacked vertically instead of horizontally, as was typical of Wright's residential work at the time. This concept served to combine the usual suburban front and rear yards into more practical and usable single outdoor spaces or gardens. In planning the initial Tod Company development, Wright arranged the four units asymmetrical on the lot so that no unit looked directly at another (or any existing neighbor), thereby maximizing privacy and shared green space at the same time. 
The prototypical Suntop unit consists of four separate quadrants or individual dwellings of approximately , each containing a small basement, ground floor carport, utility and living rooms; mezzanine workspace, dining area, master bedroom/nursery, balcony and bath; and Penthouse bedrooms and roof level "sundeck" terrace sheltered by a high perimeter parapet wall. The natural materials selected by Wright—brick, concrete, glass and wood (i.e., cypress)--are typical of his early Usonian designs and consistent with the manifestos outlined in "Architectural Forum" (1938) and finally in "The Natural House" (1954). In fact, later owner/designers used the pattern of the horizontal lapped board siding as inspiration for the high garden walls that now surround two of the gardens. Fire damaged or destroyed two of the four original dwellings. The first was badly damaged (reportedly) only a few years after construction was completed, and remained as a burned out shell for several decades before it was restored by a private owner in accordance with Wright's original plans and early concepts. A second residence was completely lost to fire in the 1970s during an interior restoration, but was rebuilt with extensive changes to the plan and ceiling heights. In addition, the carports of several residences have been enclosed over the years, in order to provide more interior space.
Later projects designed using the quadruple dwelling unit as a model included the Cloverleaf Quadruple Housing project (1941/42) for the United States Government on a tract near Pittsfield, Massachusetts. A change in housing administration and complaints from local architects that they, not an "outsider", should design the project prevented its construction.

</doc>
<doc id="20154252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154252" title="Cutlers Green Halt railway station">
Cutlers Green Halt railway station

Cutlers Green Halt railway station was a station serving the hamlet of Cutlers Green, Essex. It closed in 1952.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20154289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154289" title="The New Adventures of the Time Machine">
The New Adventures of the Time Machine

The New Adventures of the Time Machine is an adventure video game released in 2000, developed and published by Cryo Interactive Entertainment. It is based on H. G. Wells' novella "The Time Machine"
The game features Real time 3D animation in pre-rendered sets, using the 'Warp' technology.
A mythical being, a Demi-God, The Master of the Hourglass: Khronos, is the only one who can restore the balance of time, and help you find your own time again.

</doc>
<doc id="20154312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154312" title="Speed Demons (video game)">
Speed Demons (video game)

Speed Demons is a racing video game released in 1999. The game was developed and published by Microïds.
The game has 6 vehicles with possible localised damage, with three possible points of view. The game can be played as single player, 2 player split-screen, or by up to 6 players on a network. There are 10 circuits in varying locations, such as American motorways, on the sides of a volcano during its eruption and snow-covered ski slopes.

</doc>
<doc id="20154319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154319" title="Ski Park Manager">
Ski Park Manager

Ski Park Manager is a video game released in 2002, developed by Lankhor and published by Microïds.
The game has 42 challenges and three levels of difficulty. The game has a career mode, where you buy and sell your ski resorts, to acquire the most popular ones. There is a training module, to learn the techniques of the game. This is a large variety of scenarios, including bankruptcy, school holidays, snowstorms, accidents, avalanches and low snowfall.
To entertain your holiday makers, the game has a large number of possible activities. Some of these are downhill and cross-country skiing, sledding, walking and shopping. You must construct your own infrastructure including chalets, hotels, apartments, facilities, shops, restaurants and bars. The landscape can be modified, for example by deforesting.

</doc>
<doc id="20154329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154329" title="Papyrus 94">
Papyrus 94

Papyrus 94 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_194, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Epistle to the Romans. The surviving texts of Romans are verses 6:10-13, 19-22.
The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the 5th century (or 6th century).
The Greek text of this manuscript is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. It has not yet been placed in one of Aland's Categories of New Testament manuscripts.
The manuscript is currently housed at the Egyptian Museum (P. Cair. 10730) in Cairo.

</doc>
<doc id="20154351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154351" title="RPM Tuning">
RPM Tuning

RPM Tuning (also known as "Top Gear RPM Tuning") is a racing video game released in 2004 and was developed by Babylon Software and published Wanadoo Edition. It is part of the "Top Gear" game series. This is the only installment in the series to not be released in Japan. North America was only able to see an Xbox release.
The player assumes the role of Vincent Riker, who is trying to avoid being stopped by the police. Around 100 km of Los Angeles has been modelled for the game, including roads and parks.
Players can customise their own car with 221,184 possibilities for mechanical parts and 1,382,976 different possibilities for the exterior of the car; the number of accidents the car has been in also affects performance. There are 7 gameplays, and 54 different missions.

</doc>
<doc id="20154352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154352" title="Turkey Lurkey Time">
Turkey Lurkey Time

Turkey Lurkey Time is a song-and-dance number from Act 1 of "Promises, Promises", the Burt Bacharach/Hal David musical, with a book by Neil Simon. It was originally choreographed for the 1968 Broadway production by Michael Bennett. The dance takes place as part of an office Christmas party scene.
The dance.
As conceived by Bennett "with stunning energy and inventiveness", "Turkey Lurkey Time" is a dance performed by three secretaries at an office Christmas party. Their infectious singing and gyrations build into a frenetic chorus dance, as the office staff copy the trio, climaxing with some atop the office desks. The number, in 1960s disco-style, was a showstopper. According to Neil Simon, "we were having some problems at the end of the first act ... the number came up with didn't just solve the problem, it was a sensation."
Some of the dancers later claimed they had needed regular trips to the chiropractor, so severe was the strain of Bennett's relentless head-bopping choreography. The secretaries of the original cast were Margo Sappington, Baayork Lee and Donna McKechnie.
The number was televised at the 1969 Tony Awards and also performed in the 2003 movie "Camp".
In Fall 2012, a cover version of the song was performed on the Fox TV show "Glee" as a mash-up with the Scissor Sisters song "Let's Have a Kiki" by Sarah Jessica Parker, Chris Colfer and Lea Michele in the episode "Thanksgiving"

</doc>
<doc id="20154359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154359" title="Deer Cave">
Deer Cave

Deer Cave is located near Miri, Sarawak, Malaysian Borneo and is a show cave attraction of Gunung Mulu National Park. It was surveyed in 1961 by G.E. Wilford, of the Malaysian Geological Survey, who predicted that Mulu would yield many more caves in the future (Wilford, 1964). The cave, which is also known as Gua Payau or Gua Rusa by the local Penan and Berawan people, is said to have received its name because of the deer that come to the cave to lick salt-bearing rocks (Tsen, 1993) and shelter themselves. 
The cave was surveyed for the first time in the year 1978, producing measurements of 174 m wide and 122 m high in one section that passed through the mountain for a distance of one kilometer. Subsequently a next survey increased the acknowledged passage length to 4.1 kilometers and connected Lang Cave, another show cave within the park, to the Deer Cave System. This survey made in 2009 by the Hoffman Institute of Western Kentucky University revealed the maximum cross sectional area to be in the large southern passage. This was documented at 169 m wide with a ceiling height of 125 m. The northern passage registered the greatest ceiling height at 148m with a cross sectional width of 142 m. The main entrance of Deer Cave was measured at 146 m.
Geologic history.
An explanation of the cave's formation is strongly interconnected with the geological history of the island of Borneo itself. Between 40,000,000 B.C. and 20,000,000 B.C., a 1500 m thick layer of sedimentary rocks known as limestone, composed largely of compressed sea shells, developed in lagoons created by coral reefs. The movement of the Asian and Australian tectonic plates caused the crust to buckle and elevate the land once more, giving birth to the island of Borneo and the Mulu mountains, around 5,000,000 B.C. Since then, the landscape was hacked by constant erosion from precipitations and winds. The mountain’s surface is composed mostly of limestone, which dissolves when in contact with fresh-water, and thus has been slowly sculpted into a karst. Rainwater also infiltrates the porous sedimentary rocks after going through the soil and progressively dissolves the limestone, widening the pores and cracks and creating caves of impressive dimensions such as the Deer Cave. This natural process, which is still working, will cause the cave to widen even more in the future.
Access and tourism.
Tourism access to the cave (and to the entire park) was opened in 1984. The landscape attracts around 25,000 visitors from countries all over the world every year.
To access Deer Cave, one must first enter the Gunung Mulu National Park, by way of the nearby city of Miri. Malaysian Airlines operates flights of approximately 45 minutes from Miri to Mulu. The park can also be reached by boat from Marudi, but a special booking must be made since no regular boat covers that area.
You can access the Deer Cave by following a three kilometer plank walk, which passes through various places like a swamp, limestone outcrops, etc. This walk is considered an additional attraction to visitors as it takes them through the rainforest (of about 55,000 ha) and by an ancient Penan Burial Cave.
The interior of the cave is lit, but flashlights are recommended for personal use in darker areas.
There is also an area of the cave known as the Garden of Eden, named as such due to rich green vegetation made possible by a hole in the roof providing a small amount of sunlight. Visitor attention may also be drawn to a specific formation which bears a distinct resemblance to the profile of Abraham Lincoln.
Fauna.
In 2008, Prince Albert II of Monaco visited the Gunung Mulu National Park to launch a new camera system as part of the Bat Observatory, which is located near the entrance of the Deer Cave. Known as the Bat Cam, the surveillance technology allows visitors and scientists to observe the millions of bats (over 30 species) that live inside the Deer Cave without affecting their habitat or habits, providing a valuable tool for the study of cave fauna.
The Deer Cave derives its name from an uncommon species of deer, native to Malaysia, which make their home largely in the immediate area of the cave. Additionally, many other animals such as the rhinoceros hornbill, bearded pig, sun bear, and gibbon are native to the local area.
Surroundings.
Deer Cave was known as the largest cave passage in the world until the discovery of Sơn Đoòng cave in Phong Nha-Kẻ Bàng National Park in Vietnam. It is part of the Gunung Mulu National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site characterized by amazing caves and karst formations in a mountainous equatorial rainforest setting. There are numerous other caves around the Deer Cave, but only three are well-known and open to the public: the Clearwater, Wind and Lang caves.
The Clearwater cave, with approximately 60 kilometers of known passages, is considered the longest cave system in Southeast Asia. It is recognized for its clear underground stream, popular with tourists. The Wind cave is located on the same trail leading to Clearwater cave, and is known for its blowing wind. It contains a chamber dubbed King’s Room, a cavern containing huge columns of stone on both the ceiling and the floor. The Lang cave is the smallest of the caves open to the public. However, its size allows up-close opportunities to see some of the common cave inhabitants such as bats and swiftlets.

</doc>
<doc id="20154364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154364" title="Road to India">
Road to India

Road to India (also known as Road to India: Between Hell and Nirvana) is an adventure video game released in 2001, that was developed and published by Microïds.
The player assumes the role of an American student named Fred Reynolds, who has travelled to India to find his girlfriend, Anusha, who was kidnapped by thugs. In the game the player has only three days to find the girlfriend, where they visit places such as New Delhi and the Taj Mahal. Each day is broken up into two parts: reality and the dream.
There is around 15 minutes of cinematics in the game, which uses the Virtools engine.
Reception.
Scott Osborne of GameSpot gave the game a 7.0 "Good" rating and said ""Road to India" is a fine example of adventure gaming with a modern presentation."

</doc>
<doc id="20154370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154370" title="Gateavisa">
Gateavisa

Gateavisa is a Norwegian newspaper-like magazine with roots in a liberal culture that rebelled against the authorities. It focuses on anarchism, the legalizing of drugs and gay rights. The first copy was out for sale in 1970. It now is published 2-4 times a year.

</doc>
<doc id="20154375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154375" title="Paris 1313">
Paris 1313

Paris 1313 is a video game released in 2001, developed by Dramaera and is a co-production between Canal+ Multimedia, RMN and Microïds. The Musée National du Moyen Age, (National Museum of the Middle Ages) contributed to the game.
The game is, as the title describes, set in the year 1313 in Paris, France. During celebrations in front of the Notre-Dame Cathedral, Adam, a goldsmith working on behalf of the king, mysteriously disappears. The player assumes the roles of three characters who set off in search of Adam; Jacques, his brother, actress Rosemonde, and circus-rider Pierre de Cinnq-Ormes.
Each character must assist each other, avoid all the traps and find all the clues in time. Other elements of the game are participating in an archery contest, and navigating the taverns of Paris to gather information.

</doc>
<doc id="20154377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154377" title="Opération Teddy Bear">
Opération Teddy Bear

Opération Teddy Bear is an educational video game released in 1996. It was developed by Index+ and a co-production with Flammarion, and is written by Edouard Lussan.
The game covers Normandy, 5 July 1944 and teaches the player about the history of the Second World War. A clandestine network hides plans belonging to the Nazis in Paul's teddy bear.
The game features 73 screens of BD, 3 hours of fiction, 300 animations, 36 animated maps, 200 historical screens and more than 300 archive photographs.

</doc>
<doc id="20154380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154380" title="Open Kart">
Open Kart

Open Kart is a racing video game released in 2001, developed and published by Microïds.
Your objective is to become the World Karting Champion, by mastering the controls of the 125 mph kart. The game features 100, 200 and 250cc karts, racing on 20 international tracks. You have to deal with sponsors to finance the customisation and set up of your kart.

</doc>
<doc id="20154402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154402" title="La Terre (video game)">
La Terre (video game)

La Terre is an educational video game released in 2003, developed and published by Microïds. It is designed to allow the user to discover and understand the planet Earth.
The player assumes the role of a scientist, who specialises in cataclysms, and visits significant places around the world to learn about them. Viewing a volcanic eruption, feeling an earthquake and seeing the rapid progression of a tornado, are some examples of scenarios in the game. The game's production was assisted by the ministry for National Education, Research and Technology, and with the Participation of the National Center of the Cinematography and Secretariat of State in Industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20154403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154403" title="Monkey Mountain">
Monkey Mountain

Monkey Mountain refers to both a hill in Jackson County, Missouri and the nature preserve surrounding it. Its elevation is . The mountain is located at .
The park is popular among equestrians and hikers for its variety of terrain. These include marshy lowlands in the northwest, steep heavily-wooded climbs on the east and south sides, rocky outcroppings on the southern side, and a large rolling meadow spreading east from the center of the park. There are several ponds, streams, and a waterfall.
The park features a 3.5 mile primary loop trail, as well as numerous side trails.
The park is accessible from a small gravel lot on the south side or from a softball field parking lot on the north side.
The park was formerly part of Sni-A-Bar Farm, world renowned in the early 20th century for improved cattle breeding, and animal health that was owned by Kansas City newspaperman, and philanthropist, William Rockhill Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="20154404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154404" title="Empire of the Ants (video game)">
Empire of the Ants (video game)

Empire of the Ants is a video game released in 2000, developed by Microïds, and based on a novel of the same name written by Bernard Werber.
The real time 3D game is playable on a network with up to 8 players, and the game contains more than 60 species of insects and different animals. The game requiring strategy and management is set in the combative world of ants and their anthills.
There were some bugs within the game which led to crashes, but because the game was coded in French, most modders did not want to deal with it.
The music was composed by Nicolas Varley.

</doc>
<doc id="20154412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154412" title="Versailles 1685">
Versailles 1685

Versailles 1685 (also known as "Versailles: A Game of Intrigue") is a video game released in 1997. The 3D adventure game was developed and published by Cryo Interactive. It was followed in 2001 by "".
The game is set in France in 1685, where Louis XIV is the current ruler. The player must protect Versailles from people who are attempting to destroy it. The game, based upon an original idea from Philippe Mari, has 25 hours of gameplay, 40 minutes of Baroque music, over 30 characters and over 2000 paintings to study.

</doc>
<doc id="20154457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154457" title="Elmwood Carhouse (SEPTA station)">
Elmwood Carhouse (SEPTA station)

The Elmwood Carhouse, also known as Elmwood Loop and Elmwood Avenue Loop, is a storage facility and alternate terminus for the SEPTA Route 36 Subway-Surface Trolley Line, in the Elmwood Park section of Southwest Philadelphia. Besides cars from Route 36, the facility is used to store and maintain cars from SEPTA Routes 11, 13, and 34.
Its official address is at 73rd Street and Elmwood Avenue, but the yard stretches southwest to Island Road and north to Amtrak's Northeast Corridor line. Trolleys run from here to Eastwick Loop or to Center City Philadelphia. It is also used by railfans during the annual "OcTrolleyfest" sponsored by the Darby Borough Historic Commission.
A decorative arch bridge carries the NEC/Wilmington/Newark Line right-of-way over Island Road and the trolley tracks between Routes 11 and 36. Between the Eastwick Loop and the Elmwood Carhouse, the trolleys have their own right-of-way for a short period in the middle of Island Road where the tracks are not on a paved street and where you can see the wooden ties. There are a series of unnamed stations on that portion of the line.
Outside the yard, there are connections to SEPTA Suburban Bus Route 108.

</doc>
<doc id="20154458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154458" title="Ienăchiţă Văcărescu National College">
Ienăchiţă Văcărescu National College

The Ienăchiţă Văcărescu National College () is a high school located in the city of Târgovişte, Dâmboviţa County, Romania. It was established at the end of the 19th century and is the oldest high school in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="20154470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154470" title="The Cameron Files">
The Cameron Files

The Cameron Files may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20154472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154472" title="Ashok Menaria">
Ashok Menaria

Ashok Lakshminaraya Menaria (born 29 October 1990 in Udaipur, Rajastan is an Indian cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and leg-break bowler who plays for Rajasthan.
Under-19s Career.
Menaria began his competitive cricketing career playing for Rajasthan Under-15s, in their winless 2005/06 Polly Umrigar Trophy run. The following season he represented the Under-17s team.
In a game against Karnataka Under-17s, he scored the second-highest innings total in the 2006/07 Vijay Merchant Trophy starring alongside Ankit Lamba in an unbeaten partnership of 397 himself contributing 227 of these runs.
He made four appearances for Rajasthan Under-19s' 2008/09 Vinoo Mankad Trophy campaign. 
Menaria captained the India under-19s team which toured Australia in 2009 which recording a 2-1 win in the one-dayers. He was retained captain for the Under-19s Cricket World Cup in New Zealand the following year. It was a disappointing tournament for India going down to Pakistan in the quarter-finals in the end India finished 5th in the tournament.
Domestic career.
Menaria made his first-class debut against Mumbai at Brabourne Stadium in November 2008. He took 3-1-7-3 to keep the honours even on the first day then he scored 8 in first innings and 5 in the second innings where Rajasthan was beaten.
In 2011, he drafted straight in to the Rajasthan side for the Ranji quarterfinals after a long injury break and went on to score hundreds in each knockout game.
Menaria hit 106 to push Rajasthan to a strong 552 in the semi-final of the Ranji Trophy. He was part of the Rajasthan reach and won the Ranji Trophy final after 36 years.
On a turning fourth-day pitch, Rajasthan had lost four wickets for 61 against Baroda in the Ranji Trophy final in January.
Bhargav Bhatt the tournament’s leading wicket-taker, was posing problems when Menaria took matters in hand and shifted the momentum in Rajasthan's favour. He hammered Bhatt for three straight sixes in four balls and Baroda wilted after that.
In Duleep Trophy 2011, Menaria looked the best of Central's batsman against South Zone and raced to a boundary-filled 79 off 63 balls. But the rest of Central's batting didn't support him and they conceded a 265-run first-innings lead.
He bagged an IPL contract with Royal Challengers Bangalore and later with Rajasthan Royals in IPL 2012.
He made his T20 and IPL debut against Deccan Chargers at Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium where he bowled over for 8 runs and took catch of Ravi Teja off Amit Singh as he was not required to bat.
He took his first t20 wicket as of Sachin Tendulkar as he stumped and deny the spectators the possibility of a Tendulkar versus Shane Warne special. In the match, Menaria showed confidence in fighting the ball and reading the batsmen's intentions. He was rewarded for a second time when he bowled a short delivery to Ambati Rayudu who charged down the pitch and offered Menaria a simple return catch.
In Emerging Players Tournament 2011, Menaria along with Ajinkya Rahane hit unbeaten half-centuries in an unbroken 174-run partnership as India rattled along at close to five runs an over.
In 2011 Ranji Trophy, Menaria cracked his maiden first-class double hundred to boost defending champions Rajasthan to 521 for 8 declared against Railways in Delhi.
Menaria made 230 from 408 deliveries with 24 boundaries. Menaria and along Puneet Bisht added 398, 38 short of the tournament-record partnership for the third wicket between Orissa's Shiv Sunder Das and Sanjay Raul against BEngal in 2001/02.
In six innings of IPL 2012, Menaria's returns have been very similar an average of as of his career with 19.83 at a strike-rate of 110.18. Despite these modest numbers, Menaria has continued to bat in the top four he has batted at three or four in five out of six innings and has considerably slowed down Royals' momentum in the middle overs. In the match against Chargers, Menaria came in at No.3 and scored 22 off 20 when the asking-rate was around ten an over.
In 2012, Menaria along with Mandeep Singh scored marathon 318-run stand came to an end when Menaria was bowled by Sam Wells for 173 against New Zealand "A" in 2nd unofficial Test in Lincoln.
Menaria made his first century of the 2012/13 Ranji Trophy season in Jaipur as defending Champion Rajasthan's batting has been a worry for them through the season.
In 2013, Menaria's all-round efforts took India A to a series win against New Zealand A in the three-match one-day series. His first five-wicket haul in List-A cricket preceded an unbeaten cameo to set up a six-wicket win in 38.5 overs in Vizag. Menaria had a hand to play in the six wickets to fall capitalizing on a gross misunderstanding between Carl Cachopa and Tom Latham to have the latter run out.
In third 3rd unofficial ODI at Visakhapatnam India A were in trouble during the chase at 79 for 4 before quick half-centuries from Menaria and Kedar Jadhav and a calm cameo from Mandeep Singh helped pull off a tight two-wicket win and helping India A to win 3-0.
Style.
His batting style resembles Yuvraj Singh's and what's more, he also bowls handy left-arm spin. He may give fighting for Ravindra Jadeja for the all-rounder’s position in the Indian team if he performs.
Personal life.
Menaria's career choice is unusual considering he hails from Udaipur's community of temple priests.

</doc>
<doc id="20154473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154473" title="4450th Tactical Group">
4450th Tactical Group

The 4450th Tactical Group is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was headquartered at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, and operationally located at Tonopah Test Range Airport, Nevada. It was inactivated on 5 October 1989.
The United States Air Force F-117A Stealth Fighter program began on 15 October 1979 with the activation of the Tactical Air Command 4450th Tactical Group (TG) at the Tonopah Test Range Airport, Nevada. The 4450th Tactical Group was a pathfinder unit, moving the F-117A from the research and development stage to becoming a fully operational weapons system.
On 10 November 1988, the Air Force officially announced the F-117A's existence to the public, and set the 4450th on the road to inactivation. On 5 October 1989, its F-117A aircraft, equipment personnel and mission were transferred to the 37th Tactical Fighter Wing was transferred from George Air Force Base, California, to carry out the F-117's sensitive worldwide mission.
History.
The concept of stealth aircraft was revolutionary. With a single pair of Have Blue prototypes built and tested in the late 1970s, every radar ever built had been rendered blind. The Have Blue had turned SAMs into expensive fireworks. Strategic airpower had undergone a revolution as great as that brought about by nuclear weapons.
In 1978, the Air Force awarded a full-scale development contract for the YF-117A Nighthawk to Lockheed Corporation's Advanced Development Projects. On 17 January 1981 the Lockheed test team at Groom Lake accepted delivery of the first full Scale Development (FSD) prototype #79-780, designated YF-117A. At 6:05 am on 18 June 1981, Lockheed Skunk Works test pilot Hal Farley lifted the nose of YF-117A #79-780 off the runway of Groom Lake.
Origins.
Meanwhile, Tactical Air Command (TAC) decided to set up a group-level organization to guide the F-117A to an initial operating capability. That organization became the 4450th Tactical Group (Initially designated "A Unit"), which officially activated on 15 October 1979 at Nellis AFB, Nevada. Its first home was an isolated corner of Nellis known as the Lake Mead Base, officially designated Nellis Area Two. Officially activated on 15 October 1979, by early 1980 a handful of officers and enlisted men recruited into the program and were told that they were laying the groundwork for a unit whose mission would be to run avionics tests and evaluations for A-7D Corsair II weapon systems. The A-7Ds were coming from England AFB, Louisiana, which was converting to the A-10 Thunderbolt II. The first order of business was to set up acceptance procedures for the aircraft and develop an A-7D training program.
The A-7 had been chosen as an interim trainer because its cockpit layout and avionics were considered similar to those in the F-117. It was also a single-seat attack fighter, as the F-117 programmed to be. Training demands, however, soon forced the 4450th to delegate initial A-7D training and checkouts to the Arizona Air National Guard 162d Fighter Wing at Tucson, which was responsible for training Air National Guard pilots in the aircraft. Thus, pilots arrived at Nellis already proficient in the A-7D and spent roughly six months flying profiles similar to those projected for the F-117. Along with the A-7Ds that came from England AFB, the group acquired one of the new A-7K twin-seat trainers from the Arizona Air National Guard for checkout flights at Nellis. A second A-7K was acquired from Edwards AFB (73-1008), which was the prototype two-seater that had been converted from its original A-7D configuration in 1978. In doing so, the group became the only active-duty unit to fly the A-7K. These operations continued at Nellis until 15 October 1982 under the guise of an avionics test mission when the Corsairs were moved to Tonopah to provide a cover story for the increased activities at the airport.
Flying squadrons of the 4450th TG were the 4450th Tactical Squadron (Initially designated "I Unit") activated on 11 June 1981, and 4451st Tactical Squadron (Initially designated "P Unit") on 15 January 1983. The 4450th TS, stationed at Groom Lake, was the first F-117A squadron, while the 4451st TS was stationed at Nellis AFB and was equipped with A-7D Corsair IIs painted in a dark motif, tail coded "LV". Lockheed test pilots put the YF-117 through its early paces. A-7Ds was used for pilot training before any F-117A's had been delivered by Lockheed to Groom Lake, later the A-7D's were used for F-117A chase testing and other weapon tests at the Nellis Range
15 October 1982 is important to the program because on that date Major Alton C. Whitley, Jr. became the first 4450th TG pilot to fly the F-117A. Everyone aware of the top-secret flight waited with an expectancy reminiscent of the early space launches. Though Major Whitley could remember scrambling from an alert pad at night as a young lieutenant in South Vietnam, it is doubtful that he was any more keyed up in combat than he was on the that night, sitting in an operational F-117A at the end of the runway. The flinty sparkle of the stars in the desert sky seemed to accentuate the vast blackness, reminding him that night operations were always scary. Finally cleared for takeoff, Major Whitley pushed the throttles forward and scanned the F-117’s instruments for any warnings as the aircraft lumbered noisily down the runway. After passing the point of no return, he gripped the controls hard, willing the F-117 into the air. Then, as he climbed into the darkness, he thought about the small American flag he had stuffed into the pocket of his G-suit for this historic occasion. He would be the first Night Hawk to go aloft in an F-117. It would make a great story for his grandchildren. As far as Major Whitley could tell, his children might be grown before he could tell them about it.
Baja Scorpions.
By early 1982, four more YF-117A airplanes were operating out of the southern end of the base, known as the "Southend" or "Baja Groom Lake." After finding a large scorpion in their offices, the testing team (Designated "R Unit") adopted it as their mascot and dubbed themselves the "Baja Scorpions." Testing of a series of ultra-secret prototypes continued at Groom Lake until mid-1981, when testing transitioned to the initial production of F-117 stealth fighters. The F-117s were moved to and from Groom Lake by C-5 under the cloak of darkness, in order to maintain program security. This meant that the aircraft had to be defueled, disassembled, cradled, and then loaded aboard the C-5 at night, flown to Lockheed, and unloaded at night before the real work could begin. Of course, this meant that the reverse actions had to occur at the end of the depot work before the aircraft could be reassembled, flight-tested, and redelivered, again under the cover of darkness. In addition to flight-testing, Groom performed radar profiling, F-117 weapons testing, and was the location for training of the first group of frontline USAF F-117 pilots.
Production FSD airframes from Lockheed were shipped to Groom Lake for acceptance testing. As the Baja Scorpions tested the aircraft with functional check flights and L.O. verification, the operational airplanes were then transferred to the 4450th TG.
The R-Unit was inactivated on 30 May 1989. Upon inactivation the unit was replaced by Detachment 1, 57th Fighter Weapons Wing (FWW). In 1990 the last F-117A (#843) was delivered from Lockheed. After completion of acceptance flights at Groom Lake of this last new F-117A aircraft, the flight test squadron continued flight test duties of refurbished aircraft after modifications by Lockheed. In February/March 1992 the test unit moved from Groom Lake to the USAF Palmdale Plant 42 and was integrated with the Air Force Systems Command 6510th Test Squadron. Some testing, especially RCS verification and other classified activity was still conducted at Groom Lake throughout the operational lifetime of the F-117. The recently inactivated (2008) 410th Flight Test Squadron traces its roots, if not its formal lineage to the 4450th TG R-unit.
Tonopah Test Range Airport.
Groom Lake was too small to be useful as the base for an operational unit. In addition, there were security concerns because an operational unit based at Groom Lake would involve many more people who could now see things that they should not be seeing. Therefore, a new covert base had to be established for F-117 operations.
Therefore, the USAF decided to build facilities at the Tonopah Test Range Airport. It was constructed in the 1950s, and during the 1960s and 1970s it was used for clandestine testing of acquired Soviet aircraft by the Tactical Air Command 4477th Test and Evaluation Squadron. The facility is not perfect from a security standpoint, since it is overlooked by public land and is 32 miles from the town of Tonopah itself. However, the security surrounding the Tonopah Test Range was effective. It was designated for the operations of the first USAF F-117 unit, the 4450th Tactical Group (TG).
Accordingly, beginning in October 1979, the Tonopah Airport base was reconstructed and expanded for the F-117 mission. The 6,000 ft runway was lengthened to 10,000 ft. Taxiways, a concrete apron, a large maintenance hangar, and a propane storage tank were added.
On 17 May 1982, the move of the 4450th TG from Groom Lake to Tonopah was initiated, with the final components of the move completed in early 1983. The "Baja Scopion" unit, however, remained at Groom Lake until the last production F-117 was delivered from Lockheed in July 1990. During the operational lifetime of the F-117, however personnel from Tonopah and later Holloman AFB would be temporarily deployed to Groom Lake for various checkout flights of classified elements of the aircraft.
The 4450th achieved initial operational capability on 28 October 1983, with a total of 14 production F-117A aircraft on hand plus its A-7D trainers. The stealth fighter turned out to be quite easy to fly, and it was concluded that no two-seat trainer version was required. However, there was a ground-based training simulator.
In order to avoid having the 4450th's aircraft seen during the day by any Soviet reconnaissance satellites, all F-117 flying had to take place at night. During the day, the aircraft were always kept behind closed doors inside special hangars. Its A-7Ds were parked outside on the ramp and training flights were flown during the day to deceive the eyes of Soviet Intelligence about the true mission of Tonopah and give the impression that activities there were nothing more than the cover story of avionics tests and evaluations involving some old A-7Ds, which was well-known to Soviet intelligence.
Over time, Tonopah Airport continued to grow with more production F-117s being delivered from Lockheed and the size of the 4450th growing to accommodate mission requirements. New construction at the airport was split between two areas known as the Industrial Area and the Main Camp. Modern, two-story brick dorms were built, where enlisted men slept two to a room and officers in private quarters. Eventually a recreation center was built, with a bowling alley, gymnasium, racquetball courts, and weight room, as well as a book and video library. Tonopah became much like any other isolated Air Force base, but it lacked dependents, and nights in the Man Camp were punctuated by the distant sound of jet aircraft taking off and landing.
Group personnel would be flown to Tonopah each Monday morning using contractor-provided Boeing 737 passenger jets from Nellis AFB. On Friday afternoons, the reverse would take place, leaving only essential personnel at Tonopah over the weekend. At Nellis, the passenger jets sitting in the shadow of the foothills bordering the flight line became a common sight. If the base personnel knew—and many of them did—that the contractor aircraft were there to ferry most of the 2,500 inhabitants of Tonopah to work, they didn’t talk about it much. It was part of what became known as the “Night Hawk spirit,” the devotion to a secret worth keeping. It pervaded Tonopah and its sister base at Nellis, where thousands of family members knew not to ask where their loved ones went for four days each week. It should also be noted that due to the sensitive nature of being assigned to the 4450th, there were few transfers out of the unit once personnel were assigned. Airmen and Officers went though a thorough security investigation, far more than what airmen went though for "normal" assignments. OERs and APRs were reviewed, background investigations were conducted, and before an assignment was approved to the unit, each member's personnel and security file were reviewed and approved by the 4450th's commanding officer. Personnel signed security oaths, and in the case of a separation or transfer out of the unit, a through de-briefing was conducted to remind the personnel of the sensitive nature of the work they did and not to discuss any element of their assignment.
Beirut 1983.
During October 1983, the U.S. government ordered the Department of Defense to plan an attack on the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) and PLO sympathizers/terrorists in Southern Lebanon in response to the destruction of the U.S. Marine barracks at Beirut Airport. The Seventh Fleet in the Mediterranean was moved into position off the coast of Lebanon and the 4450th at Tonopah TTR was put on alert. Five to seven F-117A aircraft were armed and their Internal Navigation Systems systems aligned to targets in the area.
The plan called for the F-117As to fly from Tonopah TTR to Myrtle Beach AFB, South Carolina, were they would be put in hangars. They would wait 48 hours for the crew to rest and then fly the aircraft non-stop from Myrtle Beach to southern Lebanon. The attack was planned against positively identified locations of the terrorist groups that were known to be responsible for the car bomb and the deaths of 183 Marines of the peace keeping force in Beirut.
Caspar Weinberger, the Secretary of Defense, decided to scrub the mission just forty-five minutes before the aircraft were to take off for Myrtle Beach. The F-117As were taken off alert, disarmed and had their INS systems reprogrammed for training purposes.
Operation Team Spirit 1984.
In early 1984 the P-unit A-7D's deployed to Kunsan Air Base, South Korea to participate in Team Spirit 1984. The word was purposely leaked that the 4450th TG A-7Ds were carrying supersecret atomic antiradar devices that would render the airplane invisible. To maintain the deception, each A-7D was outfitted with old napalm canisters painted black with a flashing red danger light in the rear. The canisters carried a radiation warning tag over an ominous-looking slot on which was printed: "Reactor Cooling Fill Port." When the 4450th TG deployed carrying these bogus devices, Air Police closed down the base and ringed the field with machine gun-toting jeeps. They forced all the runway personal to turn their backs to the A-7s as they taxied past, and actually had them spread-eagled on the deck with their eyes closed until the 4450th TG A7s took off.
Operation El Dorado Canyon.
By 28 February 1986 Lockheed had delivered 33 F-117As, giving the Air Force two operational squadrons of F-117As. During this time, Libya's Colonel Muammar al-Gaddafi had been challenging the US Navy for about a year and a half and had also sponsored a number of terrorist activities in Europe. After a few aerial incidents which resulted in the loss of a number of Libyan aircraft, and a terrorist attack in West Germany that was positively linked by the United States to Libya, the US government decided to strike back.
On 15 April 1986 a bombing raid was planned under the code name Operation El Dorado Canyon. The F-117A was identified as the best suited weapons system for the mission. Although senior officers at Tactical Air Command knew of the F-117A's capabilities, the theater commanders knew nothing of its capabilities or even that it existed. As a result, the raid was carried out using carrier based Navy A-6 Intruders, A-7 Corsair IIs, F/A-18 Hornets, and USAF F-111s assigned to the USAFE 48th TFW at RAF Lakenheath, England.
Once again, the F-117As were within less than one hour from launch when Caspar Weinberger scrubbed the mission. He felt that the aircraft was too valuable to risk on such insignificant targets and the F-117A's participation in the raid was canceled.
Crashes.
The 4450th TG's mission continued to evolve under a cloak of secrecy, as all Tonopah training flights conducted at night under the cover of darkness until late 1988. With more production F-117s aircraft being delivered by Lockheed, the 4453d Test and Evaluation Squadron (TES) ("Z Unit") was activated on 4 October 1985 at Tonopah.
In the meantime, training continued out in the Nevada desert. On 11 July 1986, Major Ross E. Mulhare flew into a mountain near Bakersfield, California while flying production aircraft number seven (81-10792). Major Mulhare seems to have made no attempt to eject and was killed instantly, his aircraft disintegrating upon impact. A recovery team was immediately dispatched to the crash site, and the entire area was cordoned off. Every identifiable piece of the crashed plane was found and removed from the area to prevent them from falling into the wrong hands.
Some rather odd stories and rumors began to circulate about this incident in an attempt to explain the high amount of secrecy as well as to throw the media or the merely curious off the track. One cover story that appeared was that Major Mulhare was flying a Soviet MiG-23 when he crashed. There was a report that the recovery crew had dug and sifted the soil to a distance of 1000 yards from the last recognizable debris and to a depth of 6 feet to make sure that no-one snooping in the area afterwards would ever find any piece of the aircraft. Another story was that in order to mislead any possible scavengers, the recovery crew had taken the remains of a crashed F-101A Voodoo that had been at Groom Lake for over twenty years, broke them up, and scattered them throughout the area. However, in an article not long afterward, the Washington Post quoted unnamed defense sources as saying that roughly fifty stealth aircraft were operational and combat-ready, although the true figure was about half that large. Within days, the Sacramento Bee published an article describing the base facilities at Tonopah.
On 14 October 1987, while flying production aircraft number 30 (tail number 84-0815), Major Michael C. Stewart crashed in the Nellis range just east of Tonopah. He too apparently made no attempt to eject, and was killed instantly. Again, the official cause was never revealed, but fatigue and disorientation may have both played a role. There was no moon that night, and there were no lights out on the Nellis range to help the pilot to distinguish the ground. Reportedly, the mission included certain requirements that were deleted from the final accident report. It is possible that Stewart was going supersonic when he crashed and that he had become disoriented during high-speed maneuvers and had simply flown his plane into the ground.
Soon afterward, an A-7D (69-6207) crashed into a Ramada Inn at Indianapolis, and the media curiosity rose quickly when it was discovered that the pilot of the A-7 was assigned to the 4450th TG—identified as the home unit of the pilot killed in the publicly unexplained 1986 Bakersfield crash. Noting that the 4450th at Nellis apparently flew the only A-7Ds left in the active forces, a number of experts publicly speculated that the A-7Ds were being flown to sharpen pilot daytime attack skills, since it was widely rumored in the press that the Air Force stealth aircraft were known to fly only at night.
Security leaks.
In 1979, public leaks about the stealth fighter began to appear in the aviation press, but at the time it was little more than gossip. During the summer of 1980, the pace of stealth leaks picked up. In the week of 10 August, Aviation Week and Space Technology, the Washington Post, and ABC News all carried stories on stealth. (Up to this point, the popular press had ignored stealth). The stories said that stealth technology was being developed for several types of aircraft, including bombers. They reported that it used RAM and curved surfaces to reduce the radar return.(The latter was entirely inaccurate).
1980 was an election year and 0n 22 August 1980, Defense Secretary Harold Brown held a press conference: "...I am announcing today a major technological advance of great military significance. This so-called 'stealth' technology enables the United States to build manned and unmanned aircraft that cannot be successfully intercepted with existing air defense systems. We have demonstrated to our satisfaction that the technology works". The Brown press conference set off a firestorm of charges by Republicans that the Carter Administration was using stealth technology to curry voters in the wake of the Iran Hostage Crisis and the failure of the Desert One rescue mission. However, the fact was that the public disclosure of the concept and possibilities of stealth aircraft, which few in the public and press could understand, did not change the outcome of the November 1980 election.
The incoming Reagan administration increased the secrecy surrounding the stealth program. Although several projects would remain unknown for a decade and more, the effort was not entirely successful with the stealth fighter. In large part to the 1980 announcement by Secretary Brown, aerospace circles published speculative articles, By 1983, artists' conceptions of the "F-19" began to appear (F-19 was the speculative name of the aircraft, since the F-18 designation was the Navy derivative of the F-17, and Northrup used the F-20 designation for its privately funded F-5E Tiger II replacement). The general pattern was a long SR-71-like fuselage, elliptical wings at the rear, a bubble canopy, canards, and twin inward-canted fins. As it was now known the SR-71 had a reduced RCS, it was assumed the "F-19 Stealth Fighter" was similar. Among those following the stealth story was the Testor Corporation. In 1985, they began work on a conceptual model of the F-19 which appeared in stores.
Declassification.
Although the erroneous reports effectively hid the true information, it was clear that the wall of secrecy around the F-117A was breaking down. An 22 August 1986, a Washington Post story said that about fifty aircraft were operational, that the F-19 designation was incorrect, and that the plane was described as "ugly" due to its bulging, nontraditional shape. The plane's base was also identified as being Tonopah Airport. In January 1988, Armed Forces Journal revealed the aircraft's actual designation was the F-117 Nighthawk. More important, the "big secret" of stealth, faceting, was starting to leak out. In 1986, there were reports that the F-19 was not smooth, but rather had "a multi-faceted outer-body surface" and a "cut-diamond exterior". This was described as being thousands of flat surfaces, none more than eight square inches in size, which did not share the same "reflectivity angle." The F-117A actually used large panels, but the basic principle was the same.
Bringing the F-117A out of the Black would have a number of advantages. The plane could be used in Red Flag exercises and could become part of standard war planning. There were benefits for the pilots too. With daylight flights possible, the fatigue from the late hours would be lessened. Night flights could start earlier and not have to race with the dawn. This would make the pilots' home lives easier. The problem was, ironically, that 1988 was also a presidential election year, and pressure from Congress forced the Air Force to wait until after the November election to officially announce the F-117's existence (harking back to the 1980 stealth announcement).
On 10 November 1988, the Air Force brought the F-117A from behind a "black veil" by publicly acknowledging its existence, but provided few details about it. The press release stated that the F-117A was assigned to the 4450th Tactical Group at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada. The aircraft was based at the Tonopah Test Range Airport in Nevada. It also contained the facts that the first flight had been made in June 1981, that three had crashed, and that fifty-two had been delivered out of a total of fifty-nine ordered from Lockheed. A single photo was also released. The angular shape came as a surprise to the press and the public, as did the out-of-sequence "century-series" designation. No information was given out as to the F-117A's dimensions, cost, range, or speed.
The official confirmation of the F-117A's existence, however, had little impact on Tonopah operations. Pilots began occasionally flying the F-117A during the day, but base personnel were still ferried to and from work each Monday and Friday from Nellis. Everyone associated with the project was still forbidden to talk about what they did for a living, and the program remained shrouded in secrecy.
Inactivation.
In January 1989, the AT-38 Talon replaced the A-7D in the unit's inventory as a measure to streamline the F-117A's training operation, and the squadrons Corsairs were retired; the borrowed A-7K being returned to the Arizona Air National Guard.
With the 1988 public announcement of the existence of the F-117A program, the formerly clandestine 4450th Tactical Group, which had transitioned the F-117 from a development to operational weapons system was put on the road to inactivation when the Air Force decided to increase the 4450th TG to a Wing level organization. As part of the phasedown of operations at George AFB, California, the 37th Tactical Fighter Wing was reassigned, without equipment or personnel to Tonopah Test Range Airport on 5 October 1989, and assumed the aircraft, personnel, equipment and mission of the provisional 4450th Tactical Group.
As part of the transition from the provisional group to 37th TFW, the F-117A squadrons were inactivated and re-designated as follows:
The choice of the 415th, 416th and 417th Tactical Fighter Squadrons were significant, as these were all World War II P-61 Black Widow night fighter squadrons. The squadron designations were chosen to honor these pioneering squadrons, which were bestowed their lineages and histories
Tactical Air Command also activated Detachment 1, 57th Fighter Weapons Wing (The Dragon Test Team) on 30 May 1989 at Tonopah, which took over the mission of the R-Unit (Baja Scorpions).
Before inactivating, the 4450th Tactical Group achieved many noteworthy accomplishments. The unit passed two Tactical Air Command operational readiness inspections (ORI) and unit effectiveness inspections (UEIs) with high marks. The 4450th was awarded threeAir Force Outstanding Unit Awards (AFOUA) for its achievements, 1 January 1987 – 31 December 1988; 1 January 1984 - 31 December 1985; and 29 October 1981 – 28 October 1983 

</doc>
<doc id="20154477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154477" title="Ndrumbea language">
Ndrumbea language

Ndrumbea, variously spelled Ndumbea, Dubea, Drubea and Païta, is a New Caledonian language that gave its name to the capital of New Caledonia, Nouméa, and the neighboring town of Dumbéa. It has been displaced to villages outside the capital, with fewer than a thousand speakers remaining. Gordon (1995) estimates that there may only be two or three hundred. The Dubea are the people; the language has been called Naa Dubea (or more precisely ) "language of Dubea". 
Ndrumbea is one of the few Austronesian languages that is tonal, and it has a series of consonants that are also unusual for the region.
Phonology.
Ndrumbea, like its close relative Numee, is a tonal language, with three contrasting tones, high, mid, and low.
Vowels.
Ndrumbea has seven oral vowels, long and short. The mid front vowels are lower when short than long: . There are five nasal vowels, also long and short: . These interact with nasal consonants, described below. Back vowels do not occur after labialized consonants, , or . In addition to the complementary correlation of nasal vowels with nasal consonants, nasal vowels do not occur after . –oral vowel derives historically from –nasal vowel. 
Phonetically, a stop–flap consonant cluster will be separated by an obscure epenthetic vowel with the quality of the following phonemic vowel.
Consonants.
Nasal vowels once contrasted after nasal stops, as they still do in Numee. However, in Ndrumbea, nasal stops partially denasalized before oral vowels, so that now prenasalized stops precede oral vowels, and nasal stops precede nasal vowels. Similarly, only occurs before oral vowels. 
The fricatives are sometimes realized as approximants . However, the approximants are never fricated. The nasal stop sometimes has incomplete closure, producing a nasalized approximant . The is most often a tap , sometimes an approximant , and occasionally an alveolar tap or trill, or . It does not occur word initially, and does not contrast with word medially. It tends to be nasalized before a nasal vowel, with the nasality spreading to preceding vowels: "to run" has been recorded as . 
Ndrumbea contrasts three coronal places, articulated with the tip or blade of the tongue contacting the roof of the mouth: , , and their nasal homologs. is apical, in contrast to laminal . It is not clear if is apico-dental or denti-alveolar, but it has a sharp release burst. , on the other hand, has a noisy release and approaches an affricate, . It may actually be closer to an alveolar than post-alveolar, and appears to be enunciated more forcefully than . also has a fricated release, and for many speakers this is longer than that of .

</doc>
<doc id="20154492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154492" title="Sequential minimal optimization">
Sequential minimal optimization

Sequential minimal optimization (SMO) is an algorithm for solving the optimization problem which arises during the training of support vector machines. It was invented by John Platt in 1998 at Microsoft Research. SMO is widely used for training support vector machines and is implemented by the popular LIBSVM tool. The publication of the SMO algorithm in 1998 has generated a lot of excitement in the SVM community, as previously available methods for SVM training were much more complex and required expensive third-party QP solvers.
Optimization problem.
Consider a binary classification problem with a dataset ("x"1, "y"1), ..., ("x""n", "y""n"), where "x""i" is an input vector and is a binary label corresponding to it. A soft-margin support vector machine is trained by solving a quadratic programming problem, which is expressed in the dual form as follows:
where "C" is an SVM hyperparameter and "K"("x""i", "x""j") is the kernel function, both supplied by the user; and the variables formula_4 are Lagrange multipliers.
Algorithm.
SMO is an iterative algorithm for solving the optimization problem described above. SMO breaks this problem into a series of smallest possible sub-problems, which are then solved analytically. Because of the linear equality constraint involving the Lagrange multipliers formula_4, the smallest possible problem involves two such multipliers. Then, for any two multipliers formula_6 and formula_7, the constraints are reduced to:
and this reduced problem can be solved analytically: one needs to find a minimum of a one-dimensional quadratic function. formula_10 is the sum over the rest of terms in the equality constraint, which is fixed in each iteration.
The algorithm proceeds as follows:
When all the Lagrange multipliers satisfy the KKT conditions (within a user-defined tolerance), the problem has been solved. Although this algorithm is guaranteed to converge, heuristics are used to choose the pair of multipliers so as to accelerate the rate of convergence.

</doc>
<doc id="20154502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154502" title="Ray VanCleef">
Ray VanCleef

Ray VanCleef (his last name is sometimes spelled Van Cleef) was an outfielder who is most notable for winning the 1950 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a junior at Rutgers University. He was an All-American that season and in 1951 as well. He is also in the Rutgers University Baseball Hall of Fame. He is the only person from Rutgers to ever win the award.
He played only one professional season, never reaching the big leagues. In 1952, his batting average was .187 in 25 games for the Williamsport Tigers. He had 27 walks and 20 runs in 25 games. He fielded .961 and had 3 assists in the outfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20154504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154504" title="Hot tapping">
Hot tapping

Hot tapping, or pressure tapping, is the method of making a connection to existing piping or pressure vessels without the interruption of emptying that section of pipe or vessel. This means that a pipe or tank can continue to be in operation whilst maintenance or modifications are being done to it. The process is also used to drain off pressurised casing fluids.
Hot tapping is also the first procedure in line stopping, where a hole saw is used to make an opening in the pipe, so a line plugging head can be inserted.
Situations in which welding operations are prohibited on equipment which contains:
Based on the above, welding on equipment or pipe which contains hazardous substances or conditions as listed below (even in small quantities) shall not be performed unless positive evidence has been obtained that welding/hot tapping can be applied safely.
Substances
Constraints based on general hazard in the event of line puncturing during welding, not the welding process. Conditions:
Note: The above list is not exhaustive, but gives an indication only.

</doc>
<doc id="20154513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154513" title="Papyrus 95">
Papyrus 95

Papyrus 95 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by siglum formula_195, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of John. The surviving texts of John are verses 5:26-29,36-38. The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the early 3rd century. 
The writing is in 35 lines per page.
Text.
The Greek text of this manuscript is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type, Comfort ascribed it as proto-Alexandrian, though the extant portion is too fragmentary for certainty. It has not yet been placed in any of the Categories of New Testament manuscripts.
The manuscript is currently housed at the Biblioteca Medicea Laurenziana (PL II/31) at Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="20154556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154556" title="Hé, biloute ! Monte l'son ! Hein !">
Hé, biloute ! Monte l'son ! Hein !

"Hé, biloute ! Monte l'son ! Hein !" is a French 2008 song. It was the soundtrack of the 2008 motion picture comedy "Bienvenue chez les Ch'tis" and was recorded by Ch'ti DJ, a French DJ. It achieved success in France.
Song information.
It was written by Krista Cappan, Fabrice Nyiri and Joël Guidon and was released on March 13, 2008, in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais, then in the full France in April, under Nord-Way Productions label. 
It was surprisingly a hit in France, probably through the film success: it entered the SNEP singles chart at number nine on 5 April 2008, with 2,475 sales, then jumped directly to number one, selling 7,643 units this week, then dropped slowly, totaling nine weeks in the top ten, 23 weeks in the top 50 and 38 weeks on the chart. In Belgium (Wallonia), the song debuted on the chart on 24 May 2008, peaked at number seven in its fourth week and remained on the chart for 12 weeks. 
Ch'ti DJ toured in France to promote his song, particularly devoted to the discothèques. The song is characterized by minimal lyrics with phrases taken from the film, and house and rap sonorities inspired by the tecktonik. The song was generally well received by the media, although the commercial aspect of the single was deemed obvious. It was also stated by Ozap that the song was "a little opportunist".

</doc>
<doc id="20154557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154557" title="Gunther Building">
Gunther Building

The Gunther Building was a seven story commercial edifice in Manhattan located at 391 "-" 393 Fifth Avenue, between 36th Street and 37th Street. It occupied a plot on Fifth Avenue by in depth. Built in 1909, the establishment conformed in architecture, appointments,
and construction with the Tiffany and Company Building, which adjoined it. The latter structure was designed by Stanford White and was constructed by Tiffany & Company in 1903,
at the corner of the block on 37th Street.
History of building site.
For many years the edifice was leased by C.G. Gunther's Sons, furriers. Gunther's lease on the property expired in October 1929, when the company moved into a building which occupied the former site of the home of Mrs. W.K. Vanderbilt II.,
at 666 Fifth Avenue. The home had been owned later by John D. Rockefeller, Jr.. 
The Gunther Building was sold by Tiffany & Company to Benjamin Winter Inc., in February 1929, for $1,500,000. Joseph Durst purchased the Gunther Building for a similar price in March 1930. The same month the structure was leased long term by I. J. Fox Inc., a fur manufacturer and retailer.
Popular retailer locale.
Tots Toggerie, a retailer which sold children's clothing and school uniforms rented two floors in the Gunther Building, in July 1932. During the late summer of 1936 Stadler & Stadler, men's tailors, leased space in the structure. Culver, Hollyday & Company,
a broker, negotiated the rental of Gunther Building space for David Custage, a fabrics dealer, in February 1938. The Merzon Corset Company moved to the Fifth Avenue locale from 45
West 57th Street, where it had been for a decade. It leased the sixth floor of the Gunther Building, which contained of space, in August 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="20154608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154608" title="Perle (album)">
Perle (album)

Perle is the eighteenth album released by Gianna Nannini in 2004. It reached number 6 on the Italian album chart and number 22 on the album chart in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20154617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154617" title="Mumbai District Football Association">
Mumbai District Football Association

Mumbai District Football Association (MDFA) is the organisation responsible for Association football in and around the Indian city of Mumbai. It is affiliated to the State Association, the Western India Football Association, which in turn is affiliated with the All India Football Federation. The MDFA organises some 7 leagues, containing approximately 300 + club sides, in addition to being responsible for SIX of India's I-League sides.
League and Club Organisation.
From 2006-2010 season the MDFA League was sponsored by Mahindra & Mahindra, as the Mumbai Football League(MFL). This year 2013 Edition of MDFA League is sponsored by ONGC. The system included seven divisions in total in past. Now many of the divisions have been merged and Divisions has been reduced to Five.
Elite Division.
Fourteen top teams of Mumbai will play in a league format for top 3 places. The winner will win the Harwood League Trophy, The bottom two teams will be relegated.
Lower Divisions.
In descending order, the lower divisions are the Super, I ,II and III Divisions.
League Structure 2012-13.
Elite Division -14 Clubs (2012-13).
This season 14 teams were supposed to compete in the Elite division, but the Division was shelved out due to non availability of Top 6 Clubs owing to I league and other Teams due to their own institutional tournaments. This division was supposed to be held from this Feb-march 2013
Third Division has 152 Clubs (2012-13).
All Details updated :Courtesy Mr Prasad Subramanian Strikers SC 
Elite League.
Elite Clubs for 2012-13 season
"Super Division for 2012-13".
Central Bank of India won Super Division and G.M.Franco were runners-up.
Group A 
Group B
Group C
"First Division for 2012-13".
Sprinfield,Vashi won this first Division beating 5-4 Young boys,Madanpura in final of Final League playoff
WELLINGDON Catholic Gymkhana,Santacruz beat 4-3 St Sebastian,Chembur in 3rd Place Playoff
Group A 
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
"Second Division for 2012-13".
Borivilian's Steadfast,Borivali beat 2-0 Naval Dockyard in Final of IInd Division Playoff 
Millat FC "A" beat 4-1 Naval Boys in 3rd Place Playoff.
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
"Third Division for 2012-13".
ESIC FC beat 2-0 Franco Sports FC in the final of IIIRd division playoff
Catholic Gymkhana beat 5-3 Chedda Nagar FC in 3rd place playoff. 
Group A
Group B 
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H 
Group I
Group J
Group K
Group L
Group M
Group N
Group O
Group P
Group Q
Group R
Group S
References.
http://www.mid-day.com/sports/2013/feb/090213-sports-sbi-cruise-in-mdfa-super-division.htm
http://articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/2013-04-08/top-stories/38372411_1_young-boys-vashi-tie-breaker
http://articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/2013-02-12/top-stories/37058799_1_title-vipin-football-next-season
http://www.steadfastfootball.com/news/item/16-steadfast-fc-men%E2%80%99s-team-win-the-mdfa-div-ii-title

</doc>
<doc id="20154625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154625" title="Finland–Mozambique relations">
Finland–Mozambique relations

Finland–Mozambique relations refers to the bilateral relationship of Finland and Mozambique. Finland recognised Mozambique on July 4, 1975. Both countries established diplomatic relations on July 18, 1975.
Mozambique is represented in Finland through its embassy in Stockholm, Sweden. Finland has an embassy in Maputo. In November 2008, Finland's President Tarja Halonen called her country's relationship with Mozambique "excellent".
Relations.
Since 1987, Mozambique has been one of Finland's main partner countries for development aid, with Mozambique receiving 23 million Euros in 2008. In 2009, Finland's aid contribution to Mozambique increased to 26.6 million Euros. In 2008, development aid was used in the agriculture, education and health sectors. In October 2008, Finnish Minister for Foreign Trade and Development Paavo Väyrynen visited Mozambique to discuss development and trade.
Much of Finland's aid was directed towards rural development, specifically with the goals of increasing agricultural productivity and increasing farmers’ income.

</doc>
<doc id="20154660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154660" title="Tolleshunt d'Arcy railway station">
Tolleshunt d'Arcy railway station

Tolleshunt d'Arcy railway station served the village of Tolleshunt d'Arcy in Essex. It closed in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="20154661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154661" title="Magellan Development Group">
Magellan Development Group

Magellan Development Group, LLC is a Chicago real estate and property development company that was formed as a result of a long term corporate partnership between Magellan Development Group and NNP Residential Development.
The company's co-chief executive officers are Joel Carlins and James Loewenberg; the company's president is David Carlins. The residential affiliates, including Loewenberg Architects, Joel M. Carlins & Associates, Magellan Marketing Group, Magellan Realty, Titan Commercial and Perl Mortgage operate autonomously within the group structure. 
The major accomplishment of their collaboration is the $4 billion, mixed-use Lakeshore East community which reintroduced residential living to Chicago's central business district. The master plan was designed by Skidmore, Ownings, and Merrill; it consists of , 4,950 new residences, of commercial space, 1,500 hotel rooms, of retail space, a planned elementary school, and a botanical park. It earned a 2002 Honor Award for Regional and Urban Design from the American Institute of Architects.
The company has created luxury rental and condominium communities such as The Tides at Lakeshore East, The Shoreham at Lakeshore East, Grand Plaza, The Park Millennium, One Superior Place, and Dearborn Place. Condominium developments at Lakeshore East include the Aqua, Chicago, The Parkhomes, The Chandler, 340 on the Park, The Regatta, and The Lancaster. Other Lakeshore East developments include The Park at Lakeshore East and the Village Market retail center. In 2012, the company expanded outside of Chicago with 1368 LaSalle in Minneapolis now under construction. In addition, the two organizations that make up Magellan Development have independently developed hotels, retail, office and medical facilities throughout the United States. 
In addition to the Lakeshore East community, its portfolio includes buildings in Chicago's River North, Gold Coast, and Near West Side neighborhoods, such as The Park Alexandria, The Caravel, Admiral’s Pointe, The Farallon, 630 North State, 21 West Chestnut, and The Park Newberry Residences. 
Crain’s Chicago Business has recently named the company LLC one of Chicago’s top 5 “Largest Homebuilders” in 2007 in addition to naming Magellan as number 113 in the list of “Chicago’s Largest Privately Held Companies”. The company has been responsible for the creation of over 12,000 residential units in Chicago and is known for its philanthropic endeavors and unique Rewards program as well as its luxury properties.

</doc>
<doc id="20154665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154665" title="V. Dhaiber">
V. Dhaiber

V. Dhaiber (first name and details unknown) was an Indian cricketer who played for Baroda.
Dhaiber made a single first-class appearance for the team, in 1981-82, against Gujarat. From the middle of the order, he scored 14 not out in the only innings in which he batted.
Baroda won the match by an innings margin, as Gujarat were bowled out in their second innings for just 50 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20154675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154675" title="Papyrus 96">
Papyrus 96

Papyrus 96 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_196, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek and Coptic. It is a diglot papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of Matthew. The surviving texts of Matthew are verses 3:10-12 (Coptic, Greek lost), 3:13-15 (Greek, Coptic lost). The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 6th century. 
Text.
The Greek text of this manuscript probably is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type, though the extant portion is too fragmentary for certainty. It is still not assigned to any of Aland's Categories of New Testament manuscripts.
The manuscript is currently housed at the Österreichische Nationalbibliothek (Pap. K. 7244) at Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="20154678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154678" title="1993 Stockholm Open – Singles">
1993 Stockholm Open – Singles

Goran Ivanišević was the defending champion, but Michael Stich defeated him 4–6, 7–6(8–6), 7–6(7–3), 6–2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20154680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154680" title="Lixtor">
Lixtor

Lixtor is an Internet-auction website operating in New Zealand since 2005, as a free alternative to currently dominant "paid" online-trading website in New Zealand, TradeMe.
Lixtor's business model is substantially different from its rival site TradeMe as it tries to operate its business on advertising revenue rather than charging users on listing fees and success fee.
Controversy.
On November 6, 2008 the "National Business Review" reported on an article that Lixtor has been legally-threatened by TradeMe over "copyright infringement" on their "Privacy Policy" and "Terms and Conditions". However, Lixtor stated that it was carried out by TradeMe to "intimidate" Lixtor because TradeMe was threatened by Lixtor's "no fee" business model.
Following this dispute with TradeMe, Lixtor listed their auction site for sale on TradeMe on November 17, 2008, with the starting bid $100,000,000. The listing was listed with the option to support Plunket by rounding up the success fee. However the auction was disabled by the TradeMe administrators hours after the auction.
Nonetheless, Lixtor re-listed the auction minutes after their listing was disabled by TradeMe moderators, but this second listing was also removed hours later. No more listings were reported after this, possibly due to TradeMe's policy to suspend the "suspicious" members.
On November 20, 2008, a community newspaper "The Aucklander" also reported that TradeMe's lawyers asked Lixtor to remove their "Terms and Conditions"
On February 3, 2009, in the wake of the emerging New Zealand copyright law Section 92a, New Zealand Creative Freedom Foundation published an article. It was stated that Lixtor vs. TradeMe case is a good example of how the new section 92a in the New Zealand copyright law could be "misused", if passed.

</doc>
<doc id="20154685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154685" title="Sinai-Grace Hospital">
Sinai-Grace Hospital

DMC Sinai-Grace Hospital is the largest hospital in the eight hospitals/institutions composing the Detroit Medical Center. Located in northwest Detroit, Sinai-Grace has 334 beds, offers a comprehensive heart center, cancer care, gerontology, emergency medicine, obstetrics/gynecology and cosmetic/plastic surgery. Sinai-Grace’s joint replacement program features a minimally invasive knee and hip replacement surgery. Sinai-Grace also operates more than 25 outpatient care sites and ambulatory surgery centers throughout Wayne and Oakland Counties. Sinai-Grace is one of 10 hospitals in the nation to be awarded a Robert Wood Johnson Foundation grant to set the standards of cardiac care for hospitals and physicians throughout the nation. U.S.News & World Report named Sinai-Grace Hospital one of 2008 “America’s Best Hospitals”—ranking it #40 in Neurology and Neurosurgery among the top 50.
More than 200 medical students and resident physicians in a variety of medical and surgical specialties get their advanced training at Sinai-Grace every year. In addition, radiology technicians, pharmacists, physician assistants and chaplains train at the hospital.
History.
In April 1999, two hospitals with roots in the community since 1888 consolidated services under one roof. The former Sinai and Grace hospitals joined to create a community academic hospital in northwest Detroit and relocated to the former Mount Carmel Hospital building. Around April 1991, Grace Hospital had originally merged with Mount Carmel Hospital. The Grace and Mount Carmel hospital staff merged creating the new Grace Hospital at the 6071 West Outer Drive location.
Grace Hospital was founded in 1888 and named after one of the founder's daughters, Grace McMillan Jarvis. Sinai Hospital's roots go back to a clinic opened by Harry Saltzstein, M.D., in 1922. Sinai Hospital first opened its hospital doors in January 1953 to give Jewish healthcare professionals a place to practice and as a central institution for the Jewish community.
Clinical Services.
Clinical Services at DMC Sinai-Grace Hospital include:
Accreditation.
DMC Sinai-Grace Hospital has been recognized/accredited by several major organizations, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20154686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154686" title="Mozambique–Russia relations">
Mozambique–Russia relations

Mozambique–Russia relations () date back to the 1960s, when Russia began to support the struggle of Mozambique's Marxist-oriented FRELIMO party against Portuguese colonialism. Most leaders of the FRELIMO were trained in Moscow. Diplomatic relations were formally established on 25 June 1975, soon after Mozambique gained its independence from Portugal. In June 2007, both Russia and Mozambique signed an agreement on economic cooperation. Russia has an embassy in Maputo while Mozambique has an embassy in Moscow, Russia.
Bilteral Relations.
By the end of 1980. in Mozambique is more than 1.5 thousand specialists from our country (teachers, doctors, geologists, gas workers, pilots, etc.). In the 1990s. volume of trade and economic relations significantly decreased (including the lack of necessary interest of Russian business structures to the Mozambican market).
Since the mid-1990s. began a gradual intensification of bilateral cooperation. Developing a political dialogue. In 2002, signed a protocol on cooperation between the foreign ministries, which are conducted on the basis of consultations in Moscow. In December 2009, an intergovernmental agreement on visa-free travel of holders of diplomatic and service passports (which came into force in May 2010).
Develop bilateral interagency contacts, including under the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia and Mozambique (agreed a draft agreement on cooperation).
Turnover in 2010 - 44.0 million (2009 - 45.1 million, 2008 - $ 32.9 million). Approved and ready to be signed a draft agreement on cooperation between the Chambers of Commerce of the two countries. Mozambican economy perspective branches of Russian investments in the medium and long-term projects are the extraction of mineral resources, energy, fisheries, transportation, information technology, manufacturing, agriculture, tourism, hospitality, forestry.
In November 2010 Minsportturizma between Russia and the Ministry of Youth and Sports of Mozambique signed a memorandum on cooperation in the field of physical culture and sports.
Ties in the field of science and education. In 2010, to study in Russia for state scholarships were sent 25 students from Mozambique.

</doc>
<doc id="20154704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154704" title="C. T. K. Chari">
C. T. K. Chari

C. T. K. Chari (5 June 1909 – 5 Jan 1993) was Head of the Department of Philosophy at Madras Christian College from 1958 to 1969 and the most prominent among contemporary Indian philosophers who paid close attention to psi phenomena. Chari published extensively on extremely diverse topics, such as logic, linguistics, information theory, mathematics, quantum physics, philosophy of mind, and, of course, psi research.
Early life.
Cadambur Tiruvenkatachari Krishnamachari (CTK) was born on 5 June 1909 in Tiruvellore, South India. He was the third son of Tiruvenkatachari and Padmammal. He had two older brothers - C.T.Rajagopal, a noted mathematician, and C.T.Venugopal. They had a young sister - Kamala. They were grand nephews and niece of the illustrious brothers - Sir.P.Rajagopalachari KCSI, CIE and P.Narasimhachari - Justice in High Court - Rangoon, Burma (Myanmar).
CTK and his family lived in Triplicane (Chennai) on Big Street and all of them studied in Hindu Higher secondary school. He did his intermediate in Presidency College, Chennai. Following the two years in the intermediate college, he got his BA (Honors) from Madras Christian College (MCC) and distinguished himself by also winning the Samuel Sathyanathan Gold medal for Philosophy. He then became a tutor and lecturer at American College, Madurai. In 1940, he joined MCC as an assistant professor.
Career.
CTK was contributing scholarly articles to scientific magazines and journals even before he got his doctorate or before becoming a professor at MCC. His first paper – ‘An Epistemological approach to the special theory of relativity' was published by Mind in April 1937. Towards the end of 1952 he started to work on his doctoral thesis - 'On some spatial representations of time and their significance for problem of precognition'. His supervisor was Professor Parthasarathy (Major) and in 1953, his thesis was sent to a board of three judges that included Sir Karl Popper at University of London. He was awarded his PhD with top honors, something that was widely expected. At the same time the University allowed him to convert his BA (Honors) degree to be an MA degree.
By 1958, he was appointed the Head of the Department of Philosophy. From then to his retirement in 1969, he and his family lived at Staff Bungalow 15 (behind Bishop Heber Hall) on the Madras Christian College Campus at Tambaram. Following his retirement, he continued as a (University Grants Commission) professor until 1976. He also was the acting head of the department of Philosophy until 1971. The family moved outside the college campus to a house which they called 'The Cloister' where CTK and Mythili lived out the remainder of their lives.
Contemporaries.
In 1955, Gardner Murphy visited Dr. Chari at the request of Eileen Garrett - a medium and one of the founding members of the Parapsychology Foundation, after which Dr. Chari became a regular contributor to various parapsychological magazines.
Interests.
He wrote much about philosophy of science, social impact of the philosophy, metaphysics, psychology, parapsychology, cognitive sciences and quantum mechanics. Apart from written articles for various journals, he also had his speeches broadcast on radio occasionally, of which 'Philosophy of Bertrand Russell' - is the only documented one as it was later published by All India Radio
Reincarnation and astrology.
He had a long and engaged battle of wits with Ian Stevenson who studied reincarnation across South East Asia and published a lot of cases favoring the phenomenon. CTK was skeptical, and questioned Dr. Stevenson's research in the Journal for American Society of Psychical Research. He similarly discussed the research and views of Dr. B. V. Raman, who was the founder of the Indian Astrological magazine.
Later years.
In the 1980s, he slowly wound down his research activities, though his correspondence with various scholars continued to the very end. His last contribution was a paper titled 'Paranormal Religious Thanthology' to Christian Parapsychologist in March 1992. Mythili died in Jan 1992 and CTK died within a year in Jan 1993.
Publications.
By C T K Chari
- Introduction to the book titled ‘From India to the Planet Mars: a Study of a Case of Somnambulism’ by Flournoy, Theodore with Glossolalia; University Books; New Edition (1963)
- A detailed list of scientific papers published is to be found here
On C T K Chari
- Great Thinkers on Great Questions by Varghese, Roy Abraham (ISBN 1851681442, ISBN 978-1-85168-144-0)

</doc>
<doc id="20154711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154711" title="Valona">
Valona

Valona may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20154717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154717" title="Rovira (surname)">
Rovira (surname)

Rovira (, ) is a surname of Catalan origin. It's derived from the Latin word "robereda", "oak grove", meaning it's etimologically akin to another Catalan surname, Roureda. Variants of Rovira include Rovires, Robira, Ruvira, Rubires, Roïra and Ruyra, as well as the compound forms Roviralta, Roviro, Rovireta, Rovirola and Rubirosa.

</doc>
<doc id="20154738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154738" title="Carmofur">
Carmofur

Carmofur (INN) or HCFU (1-hexylcarbamoyl-5-fluorouracil) is a pyrimidine analogue used as an antineoplastic agent. It is a derivative of fluorouracil.
Uses.
Colorectal Cancer.
"Carmofur", in its oral form, has also been used as adjuvant chemotherapy for curatively resected colorectal cancer patients. Trials and meta-analyses have confirmed that the drug is effective on patients with this cancer type, extending their survival.
Adverse effects.
As fluorouracil, carmofur has been known to induce leukoencephalopathy.

</doc>
<doc id="20154772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154772" title="Edwin Osgood Grover">
Edwin Osgood Grover

Edwin Osgood Grover (June 4, 1870 – November 8, 1965) was a publisher and educator whose contributions to Rollins College enhanced its standing and reputation during his twenty-year tenure. He was active in the Winter Park, Florida, community and made significant contributions to the African-American community and to the creation of Mead Garden.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Edwin Osgood Grover was born in Mantorville, Minnesota, on June 4, 1870, and grew up in New England, where his father was a Congregational minister. He graduated from St. Johnsbury Academy in Vermont and worked his way through Dartmouth College, where he played football as a freshman and ran track for all four years. He wrote articles for "The Boston Globe" and edited the Dartmouth literary magazine for his last two years at the College, and it was there that Richard Hovey published "Men of Dartmouth," which later became the College's "alma mater." Because of his friendship with the poet, Grover edited Hovey's "Dartmouth Lyrics" and later edited the popular favorite, "The Dartmouth Song Book." Graduating in from Dartmouth 1894, Grover attended Harvard briefly, but soon left to "see the world." He traveled around Europe and the Middle East on tramp steamers for nine months, boasting that he spent less than $400 on the whole adventure.
Career.
Returning from his travels, he went to work as a salesman for Ginn and Company. Transferred to Chicago after a few years, he went to work for Rand McNally and soon started his own company, Prang Co., which specialized in painting materials and books.
In 1926, he was appointed Professor of Books at Rollins College, in Winter Park, Florida. Ralph Waldo Emerson had proposed such a position in an essay in 1856, and Hamilton Holt made this his first appointment after becoming president of Rollins in 1925. Grover taught courses on Recreational Reading, The History of the Book, and Literary Personalities. He established the first bookstore in Winter Park, The Bookery, and began a publishing venture, The Angel Alley Press. His first publication was "Psyche's Lamp," a collection of poems by Rose Mills Power. The following year he published a collection of works by 22 Rollins poets and began a series of pamphlets which he called "Vest Pocket Poems."
Professor Grover assumed many positions at Rollins. He served as Director of Libraries (1927–1929). In this capacity he attracted a number of special collections, most notably a considerable collection of material by and about Walt Whitman. With Hamilton Holt he began "The Animated Magazine," which he served as publisher for twenty years.
His sister, Eulalie Grover, was the author of many children's books, including the "Sunbonnet" and "Overall" series. Her books sold over four million copies.
Grover retired from the Rollins faculty in 1947.
Community activities.
In addition to his many contributions to Rollins College, he was active in the First Congregational Church of Winter Park and, with his wife Mertie, established the Welbourne Day Nursery for the children of working African-American mothers. When his wife died in an automobile accident in 1936, he invited "flower gifts" in the form of contributions to the Hannibal Square Library. This led to the formation of the Hannibal Square Associates and the building of the first community center on the West Side of Winter Park. He also raised money for the DePugh Nursing Home.
His final gift to the community was putting together the land for Mead Garden. These forty-five acres continue to be a natural environment for nature enjoyment and study.

</doc>
<doc id="20154779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154779" title="Darwin French">
Darwin French

Doctor Erasmus Darwin French was an American man of adventure. He was born in 1822 in New York State, trained as a doctor and then enlisted in the army, later becaming a silver prospector. He married Miss Cornelia S. Cowles, daughter of Judge Cowles of San Diego in 1858. They had two sons Alfred and Addison.
Early years.
Dr French was born in the State of New York on January 20, 1822. He was the son of Harvey and Amanda Hazelton French. His father was a veteran of the War of 1812. He attended local schools before moving to Michigan where he attended Albion Seminary. While in Hillsdale County he studied medicine and practiced as a doctor for some years. In 1843 he went to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas where he enlisted in the US Army at the start of the Mexican American War and entered the service as a private even though he was a practicing physician in civilian life.
Middle years.
Dr French’s goal was to make his fortune in the world and he set out to do just that in December 1845. His plans were interrupted by the war. After he was discharged in early 1847, he resumed his quest for adventure, he purchased a large ranch northeast of Los Angeles in the late 1840s, assisted some lost settlers who had mistakenly wandered through California’s Death Valley, and opened a mining town in south central California. The residents of that town named the village after Dr. French—they called it Darwin, California. The town is still in existence as of 2005. Dr French had heard that there was a possible silver lode if the midst of Death Valley. Despite the fact that this inferno had never been explored, Dr French led an expedition into the Valley in 1850 but found no silver. Again in 1860, Darwin led another party into Death Valley in a second attempt to find silver, again without success. Nonetheless, the route he took is laid out for tourists to observe in the Death Valley National Park. Two other landmarks are named after him, Darwin Falls and Darwin Wash.
The journey of General Kearny and his Army of the West (a small band of warriors) across the wilderness of southwestern United States has been the subject of many books and articles. Dr French shared in that journey and demonstrates his ability to capture a vivid account of the battle in which he fought. He also has given us a chance to share in the emotion of the event in his stirring poem about the battle of San Pasqual.
The Battle of San Pasqual, Dec. 6, 1846.
Dictation from Poway, California by Dr. E.D. French, July 7, 1887
Poem.
The Battle of San Pasgual by Dr. E. D. French, circa 1847.
Twenty new graves must be made today; <br>
Twenty cold bodies to be laid away.<br>
Or bury them down in one single bed;<br>
In one single tomb let them rest with the dead.<br>
At the lone midnight hour they were carried along,<br>
No salute could be fired—no funeral song;<br>
For our battle had been in the land of the foe,<br>
And now in dark silence to the tomb they must go:<br>
We kindred were there to embalm with a tear,<br>
The last dying moments to friendship so dear;<br>
Nor even to weep on that desolate night;<br>
As their loved ones were buried forever from sight.<br>
Long had we marched through the heat and the rain;<br>
Crossed the great rivers that swept through the plain;<br>
Encountered the mountains that stood in our way,<br>
And passed through the forest without fear or delay.<br>
We came to the border—the Mexican land;<br>
To mountains of granite, and rivers of sand,<br>
Marched through deep passes and narrow defiles,<br>
‘Till we came to the valley of sun light and smiles,—<br>
Here our flag we raised high for the breezes were free,<br>
As we came to the city of Santa Fe.<br>
Now echo of cannon pealed loud through the air,<br>
The American troops in full conquest were there:<br>
And we marched through the streets of that time honored place,<br>
And seized the domain of the Mexican race.<br>
Nor yet was our halting, for onward we pressed;<br>
To reach the Pacific; the shore of the west:—<br>
The great rocky mountains we passed in our glee,<br>
Intent to embrace the white waves of the Sea.<br>
California was reached, and her vales of renown,<br>
Were spread in their beauty like gems in a crown.<br>
The journey to us was like a parade<br>
Or some pleasure seeking, holiday made.<br>
But here just at dawn when all nature was still,<br>
The foe we attacked at the base of the hill,<br>
And e’re in our triumph the conquest could gain;<br>
In the tide of the fight our companions were slain.<br>
So down in the willows beneath the dark cloud,<br>
Which rolled in the sky like a burial shroud;<br>
We laid the brave men that so suddenly died;<br>
E’re they marched o’er the land they had barely espied.<br>
Then peaceful their sleep in the lone grave shall be,<br>
They shall feel no more wounds—no more battle shall see.<br>
No foe with their chargers and lances draw nigh—<br>
No grief e’re their zephyr’ soft sigh.<br>
Farewell; we have left thee; companions in arms;<br>
Our lives may be joyful, or filled with alarms—<br>
Whatever our joy or sorrow may be,<br>
We’ll remember the graves by the one willow tree.
Sources.
This account was written in Dr French's hometown of Poway, California, a small town located north of San Diego. In 1887, Dr French was asked to provide his own eye witness account of the final decisive battle for the future state of California in the Mexican–American War of 1846. Dr French was a participant in that battle, the battle of San Pasqual. 
This account is a typewritten copy of a microfilm of the original dictation on file in the Bancroft Library at the University of California at Berkeley. The original dictation was done by hand but there is no way to determine whether or not it was written by Dr French or written by a clerk to whom he delivered the dictation. The typewritten copy is as near as possible an exact representation of the original manuscript including the original spelling and punctuation.

</doc>
<doc id="20154794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154794" title="Russia–Tunisia relations">
Russia–Tunisia relations

Russia–Tunisia relations ()() are foreign relations between Russia and Tunisia. Both countries had established diplomatic relations in 1956, when Tunisia got its independence. Russia has an embassy in Tunis, and Tunisia has an embassy in Moscow.
Bilateral Relations.
Diplomatic relations between the Soviet Union and Tunisia established July 11, 1956. On December 25, 1991 Tunisia announced the recognition of Russia.
At the Millennium Summit in New York, was the first in the history of Russian-Tunisian relations meeting between the Presidents of Russia and Tunisia. In November 2005, the Minister of Foreign Affairs Sergey Lavrov visited Tunisia as part of a working visit to the Maghreb. It was also visited by the President of the Russian Federation Chamber of Commerce Yevgeny Primakov (November 2006), Chairman of the Russian Audit Chamber Sergei Stepashin (December 2006), the head of Rossport V.A.Fetisov (May 2008), Vice President State Duma N.V.Gerasimova (May 2010), the Chairman of the Council of Muftis of Russia, Chairman of the Spiritual Administration of Muslims of European Russia Gainutdin (April 2010).
Basis for the development of trade and economic cooperation between the two countries were established in intergovernmental agreements signed November 11, 1993 - on trade, economic, scientific and technical cooperation (mutual granting of most-favored-nation treatment in trade and economic cooperation), collaboration in the field of hydraulic engineering (continued provision of economic and technical assistance to the Republic of Tunisia on investment targets), the creation of the Tunisian-Russian Intergovernmental Commission on trade-economic and scientific-technical cooperation, cooperation in the training of professional and technical personnel.
Was the most fruitful collaboration in the field of irrigation and water management in general. In particular, with the assistance of the Soviet Union and later Russia has developed and implemented by the General Scheme of runoff water to the north of the capital of Tunisia and southern regions of the country.
Economic Relations and Cooperation.
Foreign Economic Association "Selkhozpromexport" prepared project documentation and until 2006 exercised supervision over the construction of a number of large hydro (Dzhumin, Sedzhenan, Geza, Sidi al-Barak). Built the first and second line of culverts Sedzhenan - Dzhumin - Medjerda.
Under the regime of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali approved a plan to build 2020 –2023 years. Plant capacity of 900 MW. "Rosatom" expressed willingness to engage in dialogue with a view to specifying cooperation projects. In April 2010, a delegation of SC held in Tunis Days of Russian nuclear technology.
Dynamically developing bilateral trade relations. By results of 2010 the trade turnover between the two countries stood at 1.047 billion (in 2009 - 752 million in 2008 - about 1.7 billion dollars). Russia's main exports to Tunisia are petroleum products, products of inorganic chemistry (sulfur, ammonia), grains (up to 2010), metal products, lumber, pulp and paper. Tunisia supplied to Russia agricultural products, seafood, textiles and clothing.
Special role in the development of bilateral cooperation between the two countries played the Russian-Tunisian Intergovernmental Commission on Trade, Economic, Scientific and Technological Cooperation (IPC), the first meeting was held in March 1999, are currently held four meetings of the IPC (the last one in October 2010). Rossiskoy chairman of the IPC is currently the Minister of Sport, Tourism and Youth Policy Vitaly Mutko.
Business communities of the two countries established in 2006, the Russian-Tunisian Business Council. His co-chaired by the General Director of "Inconnect" T.V.Sadofeva and Vice President of the Tunisian Union of Industry, Commerce and Handicrafts, member of the House of Councillors of the Tunisian Parliament M.Sahraui.
Successful development of relations in the field of health. In 1998, it signed an agreement on the work of the Russian medical staff in health facilities Tunisia. Through FSUE "Zdraveksport" in Tunisia work 96 doctors, 29 of them have Russian citizenship. In 2003 in Moscow paid a visit by the Minister of Health of Tunisia. Signed an interagency agreement on cooperation in the field of health.
In 1998, Moscow signed an intergovernmental agreement on cooperation in the field of tourism. After a certain slowdown in the global financial and economic crisis in 2010, the number of our tourists visiting Tunisia. According to the Tunisian data, it was about 185 thousand people. (In 2009 - 126 thousand people.). In 2006, 2007 and 2010. Visited Moscow Minister of Tourism and Handicrafts of Tunisia.
The fall of 2000 after a 10-year hiatus, was re-established Society Tunisian-Russian friendship. In 2003, established the Parliamentary Friendship Group Tunis Russia.
Successfully developing cooperation in the field of education,growing links between higher education institutions of the countries. Besides previously signed agreements on cooperation between the language
educational institutions of Russia and Tunisia (IAAS, Moscow State Linguistic University and the University Institute languages of Tunisia) in 2009, signed an agreement between the universities
Voronezh and Monastir, held the second Interuniversity Scientific Conference. In addition, the received proposals from the Russian State Economic University and Voronezh State Technological Academy for partnerships relations with the Tunisian universities. Initiated regional cooperation (agreement on the exchange of delegations between the Chamber of Nizhny Novgorod and Kursk and g.Sfaksa).
At a high level in touch, contacts and exchanges in the field of cultural cooperation. In April 2008, a few cities of Tunisia with great success Days of Culture of Tatarstan (the official delegation led by Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Culture Z.R.Valeeva). In May 2008, between the two countries signed Executive program of cultural cooperation for 2008-2010. In December, during the visit of the Minister of Culture of the Russian Federation A.Avdeev signed a cultural cooperation program for 2011 – 2013 years. between the Ministry of Culture of the Russian Federation and the Ministry of Culture and cultural heritage of Tunisia. Representatives of the Russian creative teams over the years has been involved in international festivals in Tunisia in various art genres (opera, theater, folklore). By working closely with the Ministry of Culture and cultural heritage of Tunisia in the capital and around the country held Russian exhibitions, concerts, film screenings. In March 2010, in Tunis and Sousse last week, Russian movie involving CEO kinokontserna "Mosfilm" K.G.Shahnazarova.
Progressively developing scientific cooperation. Working contacts between the Institute of Oriental Studies and the Kazan State University, on the one hand, and the Arab League Educational, Cultural and Scientific Organization (ALECSO), on the other.
2 thousand Tunisians - graduates of Soviet and Russian universities - are united in the association. In October 2002, in Tunis, on 6 th all-Arab conference of graduates of Soviet and Russian universities, which was created by Arab Union of the Russian (Soviet) higher education institutions, with headquarters in Tunis.
Over the last 100 years of Tunisian citizens are received each year to study at universities in Moscow, St. Petersburg, Ryazan, Nizhny Novgorod and other Russian cities. The bulk of them are trained on a commercial basis. Simultaneously, the Tunisian Islamic theological university "Zeitun" by the Tunisian government scholarships, provides for the citizens of Russia, annually admit up to four students.
Was a process of actively promoting the Russian language. He is currently being studied in four high schools and 26 high schools in 16 cities. Between the Foundation "Russian world", and the Higher Institute of Languages of Tunis, where there are currently 200 students learning Russian as a specialty, agreed to establish a Center for the Study of Russian.
Work on conservation in Tunisia cultural and historical heritage of Russia, including the memory of the Black Sea fleet. Profile has been established with the cooperation of local authorities in Tunis, Bizerte and Menzel Bourguiba. Tunisian side has provided diversified assistance related to the improvement and maintenance of the graves of Russian officers and sailors. Such assistance, in particular, had the Governorate of Bizerte in Tunisia during July 2010 commemorative events to mark the voyage on the 90th anniversary of the outcome of the Russian army and civilian refugees from the Crimea. The issue of opening a museum g.Bizerta Black Sea Squadron based at home, the residence A.A.Manshteyn-Shira (elder of the Russian community, almost all her life in g.Bizerta, died in December 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="20154816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154816" title="HMS Calder">
HMS Calder

Three vessels of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "Calder" after Admiral Sir Robert Calder, a contemporary of Admiral Nelson:

</doc>
<doc id="20154821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154821" title="Line stopping">
Line stopping

Line stopping or line plugging is a means of isolating a piping system to provide a shut off where none exists. This process serves as a control, or temporary valve, that can be removed after alterations or valve replacements have been made. With a "hot tap" previously made on a line, a line stopper is attached to a temporary valve, and the valve is opened. The line stopper is hydraulically or mechanically pushed into the line to seal the pipe. The main is supported by the line stop sleeve. 
After performing the necessary service, the stop is removed, and a blind flange is installed on the sleeve. There are various types of line stopping heads.
A single line stop can be used to stop off and abandon a shutdown. Two or more line stops can be used in tandem to isolate and bypass many intersecting lines at once. Fluid in the line is bypassed, leaving a workable dead section to alter, repair or add a valve while service provided by this line is continued.

</doc>
<doc id="20154829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154829" title="Steven G. Calabresi">
Steven G. Calabresi

Steven G. Calabresi is a professor of law at Northwestern University School of Law and a visiting professor at Yale Law School. He is the nephew of Guido Calabresi, the U.S. legal scholar, U.S. Appellate judge, and former Dean of Yale Law School.
Biography.
After graduating cum laude from Yale College in 1980, he attended Yale Law School, where he was the Note & Topics Editor of the "Yale Law Journal", and went on to clerk for The Hon. Robert Bork on the D.C. Circuit and Justice Antonin Scalia on the United States Supreme Court.
Calabresi co-founded the Federalist Society while a student at Yale Law School, and is an active conservative author and commentator.
Calabresi joined the Northwestern faculty in 1990 and has since published more than 30 articles in law reviews. He was the George C. Dix Professor of Constitutional Law for 1998–2000 and 2004–2007. Calabresi also co-founded the Federalist Society chapter at Northwestern and serves as chairman of its Board of Directors.
Among others, he has collaborated with Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who wrote the foreword to "Originalism: A Quarter-Century of Debate" (2007), a book edited by Calabresi, and Christopher S. Yoo, with whom Calabresi wrote "The Unitary Executive: Presidential Power from Washington to Bush" (2008).
Political life.
Calabresi served under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush from 1985 to 1990. During that time, he advised Attorney General Edwin Meese III, Reagan Domestic Policy Chief T. Kenneth Cribb and wrote speeches for Bush Vice President Dan Quayle.
Calabresi supported former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani in the 2008 presidential election.

</doc>
<doc id="20154846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154846" title="Jean-Marie Taubira">
Jean-Marie Taubira

Jean-Marie Taubira (born 15 August 1950) is a French Guianan politician from Cayenne. He is currently Secretary General of the Walwari party.
Taubira has considerable experience in the private sector and economy. He has been Director of the Coopérative de Pêche de Guyane (CODEPEG SA), Director of ATENOR SARL (gold company), Chief Financial Officer of an enterprise group AC: RGI SA (printing), TRIMARG SARL (office), RCI Guyane (radio), Chief Financial Officer for transport, tourism and education, and an advisor to agricultural company E.Z. AGRICOLE.

</doc>
<doc id="20154847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154847" title="Mesohabitat Simulation Model">
Mesohabitat Simulation Model

Mesohabitat Simulation Model (MesoHABSIM), created by Dr. Piotr Parasiewicz addresses the requirements of watershed-based management of running waters and is designed to predict an aquatic community's response to habitat modification. 
Overview.
MesoHABSIM builds upon pre-existing physical habitat simulation models (e.g. PHABSIM) which is an essential component of the United States government's methods for establishing minimum stream flow requirements. 
MesoHABSIM is an augmentation of this system, designed during a restoration study of the Quinebaug River. The changing spatial distributions of physical attributes of a river as a result of variations in flow and the biological responses of aquatic species to these changes, provide the basis for simulating the consequences of ecosystem alteration, and consequently the justification of restoration measures. MesoHABSIM modifies the data acquisition technique and analytical approach of similar models by changing the scale of resolution from micro- to meso-scales. Due to this increase in scale, the model takes variations in stream morphology along the river into account and allows for application in larger-scale projects.
Data collection and analysis.
Mesohabitat types are defined by their hydromorphological units (HMUs), such as pools and rapids, geomorphology, land cover and other hydrological characteristics. Mesohabitats are mapped under multiple flow conditions at extensive sites along the river. Fish data is collected in randomly distributed mesohabitats where habitat surveys are also conducted. This allows modeling of available fish habitat at a range of flows. Rating curves represent the changes in relative area of suitable habitat in response to flow and allow for the determination of habitat quantity at any given flow within the range of surveys. These rating curves can be developed for river units of any size allowing conclusions to be drawn about the suitability of channel patterns or habitat structures for various species of fish for specific sections as well as for the entire river. Rating curves can also be used to evaluate the benefits of various restoration measures on the entire fish community. In combination with hydrologic time series, rating curves are used to create Continuous Under Threshold (CUT) curves for the analysis of frequency, magnitude and duration of significant habitat events. The CUT curve technique described by Capra et al. (1995) defines critical thresholds and determines what habitat variability and availability is necessary to support the target river fauna. CUT curves evaluate durations of unsuitable habitat under a specified threshold by comparing continuous durations in days under this threshold to the cumulative durations in the study period. A highly useful product of the CUT curves are reference tables that can be used to determine how long a given species can tolerate unsuitable conditions depending on its life stage.
Results.
To use physical habitat models to analyze and predict ecosystem potential, compositions must also be determined of the native fish community and a subset of species must be selected for model development. The development of a Reference Fish Community (RFC) is based on the Target Fish Community approach, described by Bain and Meixler (2000). A comprehensive list of species is generated from literature sources and available regional data collected on relatively intact river reaches. The species are ranked on the basis of abundance in long-term fish collection data from multiple rivers of similar character. Securing habitat for naturally occurring dominant species (ecology) should preserve the most profound characteristics of the ecosystem, providing survival conditions for the majority of the aquatic community and therefore a reference for restoration efforts. The simplest way to create a river habitat model is therefore to select the five to ten highest ranking species for model development. It can then be assumed that community structure reflects habitat structure; therefore, the most common species should indicate the most common habitat. Since habitat availability forms the structure of aquatic fauna, the affinity between the structure of the river habitat and the structure of the fish community can be used as a measure of habitat quality.
The results of MesoHABSIM creates the framework for integrative analysis of many aspects of the ecosystem. It also allows managers to recreate reference conditions and evaluate possible instream and watershed restoration measures or alterations (such as dam removals or changes in water withdrawals). From the perspective of resource managers, it not only allows for quantitative measures of ecological integrity, but also creates a basis for making decisions where trade-offs between resource use and river restoration need to be considered.

</doc>
<doc id="20154859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154859" title="Probal Dutta">
Probal Dutta

Probal Dutta (born 11 September 1972) was an Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and leg-break bowler who played for Bengal. He was born in Calcutta.
Dutta made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1995-96 season, against Bihar. As an opener, Dutta scored 14 runs in the only innings in which he batted, as Bengal ran out victors by an innings margin, thanks to centuries from Saba Karim and Shrikant Kalyani.
At present he is a coach of Calcutta Cricket Academy at Vivekananda Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20154864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154864" title="He Walked on Water">
He Walked on Water

"He Walked on Water" is a song written by Allen Shamblin, and recorded by American country music singer Randy Travis. It was released in April 1990 as the third single from the album "No Holdin' Back". The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, and number 1 on Canada's "RPM" country chart.
Content.
The song is a ballad in which a male narrator tells of his experiences as a boy and how he then believed his great-grandfather could "walk on water." 
..."And my mama's daddy was his oldest son, and I thought that he walked on water."...
Reception.
Thom Jurek of Allmusic gave the song a mixed review in his review of "No Holdin' Back". He stated that the song "was a bad choice, though it sold well."

</doc>
<doc id="20154880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154880" title="Alien Garden">
Alien Garden

Alien Garden was one of the first non-game "software toys" released. It was designed in 1982 by Bernie DeKoven and programmed by virtual reality pioneer, Jaron Lanier, and it was designed with an emphasis on the need for experimentation.
With a heavy emphasis on the artistic aspects of computer-generated simulation, "Alien Garden" was described by its creators as an art game. At a time when the art game genre had not yet been recognized as even emergent, "Alien Garden" ranks among the very earliest art games. Indeed its release predates Lanier's more famous art game, "Moondust" (often characterized as the "first" true art game), by a year.
Gameplay.
Gameplay consists of a side-scrolling world covered in 24 different kinds of crystalline flowers resembling gypsum flowers. The player controls an embryonic animal as it grows, survives and reproduces through 20 generations. Difficulty is introduced through the lack of instructions in the game. As such, the player must employ trial and error techniques to determine which flowers are edible, which flowers shrink or grow when you sting them, and which flowers are fatal or explosive when touched. The player may use either the organism's tail, stinger, or wings to bump or otherwise make contact with them. To maintain the challenge, the behaviour of the flowers changes every time you start the game. To increase the challenge, the score is repeated all along the left and right sides of the scrolling screen. As the score increases, the animal avatar is forced to travel more and more closely to the sometimes deadly crystal flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="20154885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154885" title="Arrigo Levi">
Arrigo Levi

Arrigo Levi (born in Modena on July 17, 1926) is an Italian journalist, essayist and TV anchorman.
Life.
Exile to Argentina.
From a family of Jewish descent (his father Enzo was a renowned lawyer in Modena), in 1938, when he was twelve he moved to Argentina with his family in order to escape Fascist persecution. In Buenos Aires he completed his studies and in 1943 he began his career in journalism, as the director of "Italia libera (Free Italy)".
Career.
After the war he left Argentina and returned to Modena with his family, just in time to take part in the national referendum, on June 2, 1946, for the Italians to choose between Monarchy and Republic. At twenty, he continued his journalist career in Modena and managed the newspaper "Gazzetta di Modena" for almost two years, until he chose to live in Israel. The from 1951 to 1953, he was a correspondent from London for the Turin daily "Gazzetta del Popolo". From 1953 to 1959, he wired his pieces from Rome to the Milan evening newspaper "Corriere di Informazione".
The important assignments.
In 1960 Levi moved to Moscow. There, until 1962, he was a correspondent for the "Corriere della Sera" and then, until 1966, a correspondent for "Il Giorno". In 1966 he moved to RAI, where he was the chief newscaster until 1968 (this was an innovative change on Italian TV, because previously the News were read by professional "speakers" and not by journalists). Levi returned to the press in 1969, as correspondent for the Turin newspaper "La Stampa", a job he kept until 1973, when he became the managing director of that very newspaper and its evening edition "Stampa Sera". He remained in Turin until 1978. From 1979 to 1983 he collaborated with "The Times", editing its international section. In 1988 he was appointed Chief Editor of "Corriere della Sera" and from 1998 to July 3, 2007 he was Adviser for External Relations to two Italian presidents, first Carlo Azeglio Ciampi and then Giorgio Napolitano.
Television.
Besides the TV News which he led in the 60s, Levi was involved in numerous TV programs, mainly produced for RAI. Among these: "Tam Tam" (1981), "Punto sette" and "Punto sette, una vita". Then, for Channel 5, "Tivù Tivù" with Angelo Campanella (from 1985 to 1987). Thereafter, again for RAI: "I giorni dell'infanzia" (1993), "Emozioni TV" (1995)and "Gli archivi del Cremlino (The Kremlin Archives)" (1997), a program which he also authored. In 1999, on RAI1, he directed "C'era una volta la Russia (Once Upon A Time, Russia)".
Bibliography.
A selection among the many books and essays published by Arrigo Levi:

</doc>
<doc id="20154890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154890" title="Bridge (interpersonal)">
Bridge (interpersonal)

A bridge is a type of social tie that connects two different groups in a social network.
General bridge.
In general, a bridge is a direct tie between nodes that would otherwise be in disconnected components of the graph. 
This means that say that A and B make up a social networking graph, formula_1 is in A, formula_2 is in B, and there is a social tie formula_3 between formula_1 and formula_2. If formula_3 were to be removed, A and B would become disconnected components of the graph. This means that formula_3 is a bridge.
For example, A could represent a corporation and B Congress. formula_1 could then be a lobbyist and formula_2 a Congressman. formula_3 would then represent the relationship between that corporation and Congress that only exists through the lobbyist.
This is very similar to the concept of a bridge in graph theory, but with special social networking properties such as strong and weak ties.
Local bridge.
Local bridges are ties between two nodes in a social graph that are the shortest route by which information might travel from those connected to one to those connected to the other. Local bridges differ from regular bridges in that the end points of the local bridge cannot have a tie directly between them and should not share any common neighbors. Also if the local bridge is deleted the distance between these two nodes will be increased to a value strictly more than two.
Social network implications.
In social networks, bridge relationships transmit information from one group to another. The breadth of information spread depends heavily on the number and connectedness of the bridges available to the originators of the information. Author Malcolm Gladwell characterizes people that habitually act as bridges as Connectors in his book The Tipping Point.
Bridges and local bridges are powerful ways to convey awareness of new things, but they are weak at transmitting behaviors that are in some way risky or costly to adopt. Weak ties are able to spread awareness of a joke or an on-line video with remarkable speed, but political mobilization moves more sluggishly, needing to gain momentum within neighborhoods and small communities. McAdams observed that strong ties, rather than weak ties, played a much more dominant role in recruitment to Freedom Summer on college campuses in the 1960s. 

</doc>
<doc id="20154901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154901" title="Georg Wahl">
Georg Wahl

Georg Wahl (Kosel, Upper Silesia, 21 February 1920 – 4 November 2013) was Chief Rider at the Spanish Riding School in Vienna, dressage instructor, rider and trainer. He was also known as the coach and trainer of Swiss Olympic medalist Christine Stückelberger.
He grew up at the Kosel Stud, where his father was a trainer of coach horses. Wahl learned to ride at an early age, mainly bareback.
In 1939, Wahl joined the cavalry of the Wehrmacht, where he was under the command of from Verden. Köhler, who later became known worldwide as an expert in the field of horse training, organised a dressage competition for his troops to improve their morale. Held only 20 km behind the front lines, Wahl showed himself to be the best of the riders present. Alois Podhajsky happened to attend this competition, and in 1940, Podhajsky recruited Wahl to the Spanish Riding School. Because Wahl possessed extraordinary talent and feeling for horses he advanced quickly at the school and within a very short time participated in the School's public performances. From 1938 until 1944 he served as a Rider (Bereiter) at the School.
After a brief period of time away from the School in 1944 to serve at the Russian front in Hungary, and a brief wartime imprisonment, he returned to the Spanish Riding School. 
On one of the Tours of the School in Switzerland, Wahl met Fredy Knie, of the famed Circus Knie and left the School in 1951 to work for Knie. For two years, Knie and Wahl performed a widely known Pas de Deux exhibition. In 1955 Wahl took over the Community Riding School ("Stadtreitschule") in Bern, Switzerland where he first met Christine Stückelberger.
In 1967 Hans Handler, who succeeded Podhajsky as director of the Spanish Riding School, rehired Wahl, promoting him to Chief Rider (Oberbereiter), where he remained until 1971.
Upon his return to Switzerland in 1971, Wahl devoted himself to the training and promotion of Stückelberger and her Holsteiner gelding Granat. Wahl and Stückelberger eventually became life partners. The horse and rider team of Stückelberger and Granat made dressage history as the most successful performers in international Dressage competition for the nation of Switzerland. They won team silver at the Dressage World Cup in Copenhagen 1974, individual gold at the 1975 European Dressage Championships, and an Equestrian individual gold at the 1976 Montreal Olympics. Following their Olympic win, they took gold again at the 1977 European Dressage Championships and at the 1978 Dressage World Championships in Goodwood. 
Georg Wahl was married twice. He and his first wife, Maria, had four children. He also had two daughters from a second marriage. He lived with Stückelberg in Kirchberg near St. Gallen. He remained committed to the classical theory of dressage, and values the preservation and dissemination of classical horsemanship.

</doc>
<doc id="20154903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154903" title="Albatrellus">
Albatrellus

Albatrellus is a genus of 16 species in the family "Albatrellaceae". Species are common in northern temperate forests, producing medium to large fleshy fruit bodies of various colors.
Phylogeny.
Recent parsimony analysis of ITS sequences of various "Albatrellus" species show that the genus is not monophyletic, and that the species may be divided into two clades. This corroborates prior phylogenetic analysis which suggested that "Albatrellus" consists of two separate groups with affinity to the Russuloid and Polyporoid clades.
Description.
Species of "Albatrellus" are terrestrial, with fleshy fruit bodies that differentiate into caps and stems; the stem is either central or eccentric to lateral. Fruit bodies are solitary or in clusters with stem bases or cap margins fused. Context mostly tough-fleshy, white or becoming brightly colored. Hymenophore regularly poroid. Hyphal system monomitic, the generative hyphae septate with or without clamp connections, with thin or somewhat thick, amyloid or inamyloid, indextrinoid and acyanophilous walls; the majority of hyphae are clearly inflated (the fundamental hyphae). The basidiospores are ellipsoid to subglobose in shape, thin-walled to slightly thick-walled, with smooth, amyloid or inamyloid, indextrinoid and acyanophlious walls.
Distribution.
Twelve species of "Albatrellus" occur in North America. The edible "Albatrellus ovinus" is sold commercially in Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20154907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154907" title="HS-10 Warhawks">
HS-10 Warhawks

Helicopter Anti-Submarine Squadron 10 (HS-10) is a United States Navy helicopter anti-submarine squadron based at Naval Air Station North Island, San Diego, California. Helicopter Anti-Submarine Squadron 10 (HS-10), a shore-based unit of Helicopter Anti-Submarine Wing, U.S. Pacific Fleet, was commissioned on 30 June 1960 at NALF Imperial Beach, California. HS-10 was relocated to Naval Air Station North Island, San Diego, California on 23 December 1976.
HS-10's mission is to indoctrinate and train pilots, aircrew, and maintenance personnel in carrier based rotary-wing anti-submarine warfare (ASW) aircraft. Since its commissioning, the squadron has trained more than 2,000 pilot, 2,000 aircrew, and 6,450 maintenance personnel in the operation, tactics, and maintenance of Sikorsky SH-3 "Sea King" helicopters. HS-10 closed its chapter on the SH-3H helicopter with more than 70,000 mishap-free flight hours when the last students completed in June 1989. The squadron immediately began operations with the Navy's newest aircraft, the Sikorsky SH-60F "Seahawk," a derivative of the successful Army UH-60 "Blackhawk."
On 1 October 1989, HS-10 assumed the challenge of being the first SH-60F Fleet Replacement Squadron. In 1990, the long-standing squadron nickname of "Taskmasters" was replaced with "Warhawks," illustrating the renewed commitment to training the best and brightest for battle in the newest of "Hawks." Since that time HS-10 transitioned eight entire fleet HS squadrons in addition to the normal replacement pilot/aircrew load. Additionally, the Warhawks have provided training for Navy Helicopter Combat Squadrons (HCS), U.S. Coast Guard personnel in their initial transition to the HH-60J "Jayhawks," and pilots from Germany's Naval Air Arm. As of 23 September 1994, with the disestablishment of HS-12 at Naval Air Field Atsugi, Japan, the "Foxtrot," as the SH-60F ahs come to be known, has completely replaced the SH-3H in the Pacific Fleet.
In addition to providing training support for numerous organizations, HS-10 has a secondary role of Search and Rescue. In its 38 year history, HS-10 has successfully completed more than 100 rescues of both civilian and military personnel along the coast of Southern California.
Tactics development and evaluation has been a natural role for HS-10, as most of the permanently assigned personnel have significant fleet experience in the ASW and Combat Search and Rescue (CSAR) mission areas. This expertise has been, and will continue to be, instrumental in the development of SH-60F training plans and tactical procedures for the fleet's operational carrier battle groups.
As the armed forces experience a period of downsizing, the capability to effectively operate in the "joint" and "combined" arenas is even more critical. To this end, HS-10 forged ahead with exchange instructor pilots from the U.S. Air Force, Canada, Australia, and Germany. 
The U.S. Navy disestablished HS-10 on July 13, 2012.
External links.
<references http://www.navy.mil/view_image.asp?id=127606/>

</doc>
<doc id="20154922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154922" title="Nicholson, Kentucky">
Nicholson, Kentucky

Nicholson is an unincorporated community in Kenton County, Kentucky, United States, located directly south of Independence.
Geography.
Nicholson is centered at the intersection of Kentucky Routes 17 and 16.
Government.
Emergency Medical Services, fire prevention and suppression is provided by the Independence Fire District with policing provided by the Kenton County Police.
Library.
The William E. Durr branch of the Kenton County Public Library is located in the Nicholson area. Opened in January 2007, it replaced the Independence Branch (1994–2006) on Taylor Mill Road. Its collection includes over 100,000 items.

</doc>
<doc id="20154928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154928" title="Russia–Zambia relations">
Russia–Zambia relations

Russia–Zambia relations () is the bilateral relationship between Russia and Zambia.
Background.
Soviet-era relations.
Diplomatic ties.
When Northern Rhodesia gained independence from the United Kingdom as Zambia on 24 October 1964, the Soviet Union sent the government of Kenneth Kaunda a telegram recognising Zambian independence, and offered to establish diplomatic relations with the new state. On 30 October 1964, the two countries exchanged notes, establishing diplomatic relations between the two.
Political ties.
Political relations between the Soviet Union and Zambia were challenged by Chinese presence in Zambia, and the cordial attitude of the Kaunda government towards the West, however, Kaunda visited the Soviet Union on state visits in 1974 and 1987.
Relations between the two countries soured in 1976, when Kaunda said on the Soviet and Cuban presence in Angola, "(t)hey drove colonialism and fascism out the front door, only to let a plundering tiger and its cubs in the back door." Soviet support for the Zimbabwe African People's Union, which operated primarily out of Zambia, helped to stop relations from detiorating further, and ties became warmer after Abel Muzorewa, the Prime Minister of Zimbabwe Rhodesia launched airstrikes inside Zambia in 1979. After the strikes, Zambia unsuccessfully sought Western military aid, which saw Zambia turning to East Germany for military aid.
In 1981, the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and the United National Independence Party established ties. Several Soviet delegations visited Lusaka with a view to turn UNIP into a Marxist-Leninist party, and UNIP officials made reciprocal visits to Moscow. The African National Congress moved its headquarters to Lusaka in 1984, and it was in Lusaka that the ANC devised strategy, with the covert assistance of Soviet military and intelligence personnel. In aid of this goal, the Soviet embassy in Lusaka was the largest in Southern Africa, and was staffed by 129 officials, including "approximately 25 KGB and GRU officials with diplomatic cover, and another 50 without".
Military ties.
Between 1979 and 1983, the Soviet Union exported US$180 million in arms to Zambia, comprising seventy percent of Zambia's arms imports. Imports included MiG-21 fighter aircraft, tanks, armoured personnel carriers, S-125 surface-to-air missiles and radar equipment. To train Zambian Defence Force personnel to use and maintain the equipment, the Soviets had some 500 military personnel based in Zambia.
Russian Federation relations.
Diplomatic ties.
On 31 December 1991, Zambia recognised the Russian Federation as the successor state to the Soviet Union, after the latter's dissolution. Russia has an embassy in Lusaka, and Zambia has an embassy in Moscow. The current Ambassador of Russia to Zambia is Boris Malakhov, who was appointed by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 6 October 2008, and presented his Letters of Credence to President of Zambia Rupiah Banda on 22 January 2009. The current Ambassador of Zambia to Russia is Patrick Sinyinza, who presented his credentials to President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev on 5 February 2010.
Economic ties.
Trade and economic relations between Russia and Zambia are regulated by bilateral agreements; and a trade agremeent signed by the Soviet and Zambian governments in Lusaka on 17 December 1971.
In 2008, bilateral trade between Russia and Zambia increased from the 2007 level of US$11.4 million to US$17 million. Russian imports from Zambia were mainly of tobacco, and Russian exports to Zambia comprised agricultural machinery, motorcycles, and food.
Cultural ties.
On 25 August 1966, the Soviet and Zambian governments signed an agreement on cultural co-operation, which carried over to the Russian Federation. A Russian Centre of Science and Culture opened in Lusaka in 1989. The centre, which operates within the framework of the Federal Agency for Commonwealth of Independent States, Compatriots Living Abroad and International Humanitarian Cooperation, and in co-operation with the Russian Embassy in Lusaka, carries out political activities with the aim of strengthening relations between Russia and Zambia, by providing the public with objective information on the domestic and foreign policies of Russia, and by providing Russian language training. As of 2009, approximately 450 Zambians are enrolled and studying in Russia, making Zambia the largest recipient of Russian government sponsored scholarships in sub-Sahara Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20154931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154931" title="Let the Good Times Roll (Louis Jordan song)">
Let the Good Times Roll (Louis Jordan song)

"Let the Good Times Roll" is a jump blues song recorded in 1946 by Louis Jordan and his Tympany Five. A mid-tempo twelve-bar blues, the song became a blues standard and one of Jordan's best-known songs.
Original song.
"Let the Good Times Roll" is "Louis Jordan's buoyant invitation to party":
The song was written by Sam Theard, a New Orleans-born blues singer and songwriter, and was co-credited to Fleecie Moore, Jordan's wife (her name was sometimes substituted for Jordan's for contractual reasons). Jordan and the Tympany Five perform the song in the 1947 film "Reet, Petite, and Gone", although the studio recording is used in the soundtrack.
Charts and recognition.
"Let the Good Times Roll" reached number two in the Billboard R&B chart in 1947. Its A-side, "Ain't Nobody Here but Us Chickens", was the top number one record of 1947 — both songs spent nearly six months in the chart. In 2009, the song was acknowledged with a Grammy Hall of Fame Award and was inducted into the Blues Foundation Hall of Fame in 2013 in the "Classic of Blues Recording — Singles or Album Tracks" category.
Other versions.
Numerous artists have performed "Let the Good Times Roll" and many have recorded it, including: Sam Butera and the Silent Witnesses (from the 1960 album "The Wildest Clan"), Ray Charles (1959, "The Genius of Ray Charles"), Georgie Fame and the Blue Flames (1964 "Rhythm and Blues at the Flamingo"), Muddy Waters (1975, "Muddy Waters Woodstock Album"), Koko Taylor (1978, "The Earthshaker"), Clifton Chenier and His Red Hot Louisiana Band (1982, "Live at the San Francisco Blues Festival"), Buckwheat Zydeco and Ils Sont Partis Band (1992, "Let the Good Times Roll" - released 2009), Quincy Jones (with Stevie Wonder, Bono, and Ray Charles – 1995, "Q's Jook Joint"), and Rick Derringer (1998, "Blues Deluxe"). 
B.B. King has recorded several studio and live versions, including with Bobby Bland and Tony Bennett. It also appeared in "Five Guys Named Moe", the 1992 musical review about Louis Jordan, and in the 1980 film The Blues Brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="20154963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154963" title="Egyptian Collection of the Hermitage Museum">
Egyptian Collection of the Hermitage Museum

The Egyptian Collection of the Hermitage Museum dates back to 1852 and includes items from the Predynastic Period to the 12th century AD. It belongs to the Oriental Art section of the museum. The Egyptian exposition is hosted in a single large hall on the ground floor on the eastern side of the Winter Palace. The hall serves as a passage to the exhibition of Classical Antiquities in other Hermitage buildings and is situated right under St. George's Hall. It was redesigned for the exhibition by Alexander Sivkov in 1940 and earlier served as the main buffet of the Winter Palace.
History.
The collection was established in 1852, the year the museum was made open to the public, when it purchased the collection of statuettes from Countess Alexandra Lavalle, previously stored in her mansion on English Embankment, and received the items collected in Egypt by Maximilian, Duke of Leuchtenberg, including two black basalt sarcophagi of the Late Period, now displayed in the middle of the hall, as well as the sculpture group of Theban governor Amenemheb with his wife and mother (14th century BC). In 1853 the statue of Sekhmet (15th century BC), brought by Alexei Norov from Theban Necropolis of the Eleventh dynasty of Egypt in the 1830s, was moved from the Imperial Academy of Arts to the Hermitage. Some items were purchased for the museum from antiquities traders in Egypt and collections of Russian merchants or received as gifts. In 1862 the collection expanded significantly, as the Castiglione collection, which was purchased by the Imperial Academy of Sciences from Carlo Ottavio Castiglione in Milan in 1826 and consisted of more than 900 items, core of the Egyptian museum of the Kunstkamera, was transferred to the Hermitage. However, there were no Egyptologists in Russia at that time. Vladimir Golenishchev became the first Russian egyptologist and started to work in the Hermitage in the 1870s. At the insistence of Golenishchev in 1881 the remainder of the Egyptian museum of the Kunstkamera was moved to the Hermitage. The Hermitage collection continued to grow in the 1880s, when Coptic written monuments and two fragments of Egyptian water clocks were acquired. In 1891 Golenishchev published the first complete inventory of the collection. Since the 1870s Golenishchev had collected an impressive private Egyptian collection, which was sold to the Pushkin Museum in Moscow in 1909, shortly before he emigrated. For a few years, as the building for the Moscow museum was being constructed, the items were also stored in the Hermitage. Soviet orientalist Vasily Struve was in charge of the Hermitage's Egyptian collection from 1918 to 1933. The highlights of the exhibition include the mummy of priest Petese (10th century BC) and a fragment of a tablet of Ramesses II's peace treaty with the Hittites (13th century BC).
See also.
Other notable Egyptian antiquities in present-day Saint Petersburg include two sphinxes of Pharaoh Amenhotep III, adorning the quay in front of the Academy of Arts Building on Universitetskaya Embankment since 1832.

</doc>
<doc id="20154987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20154987" title="Stephen Nachmanovitch">
Stephen Nachmanovitch

Stephen Nachmanovitch is a musician, author, computer artist, and educator. He is an improvisational violinist, and writes and teaches about improvisation, creativity, and systems approaches in many fields of activity.
Biography.
Born on November 2, 1950, Nachmanovitch studied at Harvard University and the University of California at Santa Cruz, where he earned a Ph.D. in the History of Consciousness for an exploration of William Blake. His mentor was the anthropologist and philosopher Gregory Bateson. He has taught and lectured widely in the United States and abroad on creativity and the spiritual underpinnings of art. In the 1970s he was a pioneer in free improvisation on violin, viola and electric violin and opened up many techniques now used in electroacoustic music. He has presented master classes and workshops in improvisation at many conservatories and universities worldwide, including the Yehudi Menuhin School and Juilliard. He has had numerous appearances on radio, television, and at music and theater festivals. He has collaborated with other artists in media including music, dance, theater, and film, and has developed programs melding art, music, literature, and computer technology. He has published articles in a variety of fields since 1966, and is the author of Free Play: Improvisation in Life and Art (Penguin-Tarcher, 1990). Much of his teaching beyond music and the arts relates to the universality of improvisation and creativity in all fields of life, and the accessibility of improvisational process to each person at each moment 
In the 1980s and 1990s he created computer music software including "The World Music Menu" (first developed 1987, new versions through 2007), and the visual music software tools "Zmusic" (first presented at the Visual Music Alliance, Los Angeles, 1987) and "Visual Music Tone Painter" (first developed 1992, new versions through 2007).
In the years following the millennium his time has been divided between improvisation concerts on violin, viola, electric violin and viola d'amore, both solo and in partnership with other musicians, dancers, and theater artists, lecturing and teaching workshops on improvisation, writing about creativity and about the influence of Gregory Bateson on modern thought, and visual music and other multimedia works.
He is on the board of the International Society for Improvised Music and the advisory board of New Violin Family Association 

</doc>
<doc id="20155024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155024" title="Reginald Halse">
Reginald Halse

Sir Reginald Charles Halse CMG, KBE (16 June 1881 – 9 August 1962) was the Bishop of Riverina from 1925 to 1943 and then Archbishop of Brisbane until his death in 1962.
Halse was educated at St Paul’s School, London and Brasenose College, Oxford. He was ordained in 1906 and was an assistant priest at St Saviour’s Poplar and then priest in charge of St Nicholas' Blackwall. He then emigrated to Australia and was Warden of the Brotherhood of St Barnabas and then headmaster of All Souls' School, Charters Towers, Queensland until his ordination to the episcopate. He was translated to Brisbane in 1943 and knighted in 1962. He died in office on 9 August 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="20155025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155025" title="East Hartford Middle School">
East Hartford Middle School

East Hartford Middle School is a public middle school serving roughly 1300 students in the 6th-8th grades in East Hartford, Connecticut, USA. This school is famous for being a voice in the state government.
References.
This school has a total of 10 teams:
Boyle Team, Agront Team, Smith Team, Pekarovic Team, Claitty Team, Demand Team, Rottler Team, Sasso Team, Jennings Team, and Rhodes Team

</doc>
<doc id="20155026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155026" title="Batiste Madalena">
Batiste Madalena

Batiste Madalena (1902–1988) was an American commercial artist best known for the original advertisements he created for the Eastman Theatre in Rochester, NY from 1924-1928. Other movie theater exhibitors commissioned film advertising but Madalena’s work is the largest archive of this type of work to survive.
Early life.
Batiste Madalena was born in Italy and immigrated to the United States in 1904. He enrolled at the Mechanics Institute, later to become the Rochester Institute of Technology to study art. During his artistic training Madalena studied under influential advertising artist J. C. Leyendecker. In 1924 he had won just won a scholarship to the Art Students League of New York when he received a communication from inventor and photographic manufacturer George Eastman, who had just built the Eastman Theatre in Rochester, NY. Boasting 3,350 seats, the Eastman Theatre was the third-largest cinema in the United States at the time and the flagship in a first-run chain of movie Theatres.
Work for the Eastman Theatre.
Mr. Eastman disliked the publicity materials created by the movie studios and persuaded 22 year old Madalena to postpone his studies and remain in Rochester to create original posters for his Theatre. "He told me, 'You do anything you want,' " Mr. Madalena recalled. "The only thing was, the posters had to be seen from the trolley car that stopped in front of the Theatre. The trolley was pretty far away, so the posters had to be big, not fancy and finicky. The point was to get people to cross the street and stop for a while at the Eastman." Between 1924 and 1928 the artist created an average of seven posters a week, a total of about 1,400 posters for the Eastman Theatre. He was paid $4.50 per poster. The silent films he created advertisements for include "Laugh, Clown, Laugh" starring Lon Chaney, "Madame Sans-Gene" starring Gloria Swanson, and "The Mysterious Lady" starring Greta Garbo.
Technique.
Madalena worked from publicity photographs sent to the Eastman Theatre by the movie studios. Each of his posters measured approximately 48" x 24" to fit into the theatre's glass covered advertising cases. He hand painted the images using gouache, tempera and conte crayon on posterboard. The influence of C. Coles Phillips “fadeaway” style can be seen in some of Madalena’s works, for example his poster for Up Stage with Norma Shearer. Other characteristics include bold colors and the use of stylish freehand lettering. In a review of Madalena's show at the Barnsdall Art Gallery, LA Times art critic William Wilson referenced the early Kandinsky as a predecessor of Madalena.
Later career.
In 1928 Mr. Eastman sold his Theatre to the Paramount-Publix chain and the original advertisement scheme was abandoned. That same year Mr. Madalena opened his own commercial art studio where he worked until his retirement in the late 1960s.
Rediscovery.
A few weeks after he left the employ of the Eastman Theatre, Madalena happened to pass the building. "I'd been at the Y.M.C.A. for a cup of coffee," he said. '"On my way back, it was raining, and I cut through behind the Theatre. That's when I saw my posters, thrown out with the trash. It made me sore," he said. "They were soaking. They messed up the best ones. I cleaned and saved the ones I could. But later, I couldn't bother with them. I had other things to do." The 225 paintings the artist was able to save remained in storage in Madalena’s attic until 1973. With the encouragement of his children Rita and Richard, Madalena entered some of the posters in a local art show in 1975. Los Angeles documentary film maker, Steven Katten, was visiting Rochester that week for a filmmakers' convention. Just as they had been designed to do nearly 50 years before, the posters caught his eye from the sidewalk. "I was struck by them,'" he said. "They were powerful. I went back to Los Angeles, but I found that I kept thinking about these things. Every time I saw another movie poster, I unconsciously compared it to them. After a time, I called Mr. Madalena from Los Angeles and said, 'Listen, let's talk.' "
Mr. Katten and his wife, Judith, bought the entire poster collection for an undisclosed sum. Steven and Judith Katten periodically loan the artwork to museums and galleries. They have also donated some of Madalena’s work to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Exhibitions.
Steven and Judith Katten arranged a traveling exhibit of the paintings through the Art Museum Association that ran into 1985. In the March 1986, Hirschl & Adler Galleries of New York City organized the first exhibit of Madalena’s work in Manhattan. Exhibitions of Madalena’s art at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences included a February 1992 showing of 20 paintings and a July 1998 exhibition showcasing 70 of Madalena’s posters. In October 2008 the Museum of Modern Art in New York City organized "Batiste Madalena: Hand-Painted Film Posters for the Eastman Theatre, 1924–1928", from October 2009 to April 2010. The show included 53 posters along with screenings of some of the films the posters were created to advertise.

</doc>
<doc id="20155029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155029" title="CyberArk">
CyberArk

CyberArk Software, Inc. is a private information security company headquartered in Petah Tikva that develops and markets digital vaults, based on their vaulting technology for securing and managing privileged passwords and privileged identities (PIM), and sensitive information within and across enterprise networks. CyberArk’s technology is deployed worldwide – primarily in the financial services, energy, retail, and healthcare enterprises.
CyberArk is a venture-backed company. Its current investors include Seed Capital Partners, Cabaret-ArbaOne, Jerusalem Venture Partners (JVP), JP Morgan/Chase Partners and Vertex Venture Capital. In December 2011, Cyber-Ark received a $40 million investment round led by Goldman Sachs (NYSE: GS) and Jerusalem Venture Partners JVP).
History.
CyberArk was founded in 1999 by Alon N. Cohen and current president and CEO Udi Mokady in Israel, who assembled a team of security engineers and worked to implement the digital vault concept and technology (). The digital vault technology (also known as network vault) combines multiple layers of security which resides within an existing network perimeter and focuses around data itself, creating a central repository to share and store proprietary or confidential data. The digital vault was created to exist separately from the network, whether placed within or outside the infrastructure and serves as the foundation for all of Cyber-Ark’s following technology products. 
In April 2006 CyberArk’s digital vaulting platform was tested by ICSA Labs and verified as a secure, encrypted file storage and sharing environment.
On July 9, 2006, CyberArk opened a new UK headquarters in London. Later that year, on December 21, the company moved its corporate headquarters to Newton, Massachusetts.
On January 30, 2007, CyberArk co-founded the Security Vendor Alliance along with seven other companies to educate U.S. companies on the compliance regulation and technology tools for compliance.
On September 28, 2010, CyberArk joined the Cloud Security Alliance to help promote best practices and support educational initiatives associated with creating and maintaining secure cloud computing environments.

</doc>
<doc id="20155033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155033" title="Mister Guitar">
Mister Guitar

Mister Guitar is the title of a recording by guitarist Chet Atkins, released in 1959. That title, as well as "Country Gentleman", became monikers assigned to Chet.
"Country Gentleman", co-written with Boudleaux Bryant, was a minor hit for Atkins in 1953. That original version was recorded in a garage. The liner notes are by David Halberstam, then writing for The Tennessean in Nashville, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="20155037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155037" title="List of titles and honours of Hugh Trenchard, 1st Viscount Trenchard">
List of titles and honours of Hugh Trenchard, 1st Viscount Trenchard

Hugh Trenchard, 1st Viscount Trenchard received numerous titles, decorations, and honours both during and after his military career.
Ranks.
Trenchard held the following ranks:

</doc>
<doc id="20155058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155058" title="Norman Heath">
Norman Heath

Norman Harold Heath (31 January 1924 – November 1983) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper for West Bromwich Albion.
Biography.
Heath was born in Wolverhampton and was a youth player with Bushbury Hill school and Wolverhampton boys. He joined West Bromwich Albion as an amateur in May 1942 and turned professional in October 1943, having made his debut in September 1943 in the Football League North against Wolverhampton Wanderers.
His career was interrupted when he joined the British Army in 1944, initially based locally with the King's Shropshire Light Infantry before serving with the Royal Leicestershire Regiment in Pune. Obtaining the rank of Company Quartermaster Sergeant he also appeared for the Combined Services XI side a number of times.
He returned to Albion and made his full Football League debut in 1947 against Sheffield Wednesday, although it would be 1952 before Heath replaced incumbent Jimmy Sanders as the Baggies first choice keeper. However his career was cut short in 1954 when, during a league match with Sunderland he was involved in a collision with Ted Purdon, leading to severe back and neck injuries that forced his retirement from the game.
Heath, who used a wheelchair for the rest of his life, was granted a testimonial against an International XI in 1956. 55,000 well-wishers turned up. He had a spell as manager of local club Great Barr Gunners before his death in Great Barr, Birmingham in November 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20155061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155061" title="U-20-class submarine">
U-20-class submarine

The "U-20" class was a class of four submarines or U-boats built for and operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy () during World War I. The class is sometimes referred to as the "Havmanden" class because it was based upon the design of the Royal Danish Navy's 1911 "Havmanden" class submarines, three of which were built in Fiume.
With a small fleet of six U-boats at the beginning of World War I, two of which were not operational, the Austro-Hungarian Navy acted to bolster its fleet. They reluctantly ordered four "U-20" boats in 1915 because construction could start immediately, even though the "Havmanden"-class design was largely obsolete by the beginning of the war. Political considerations caused the order to be split between Austrian and Hungarian firms, which contributed to construction problems and delays, keeping any of the boats from being operational until the middle of 1917.
The class boats were just over than long and were armed with two front torpedo tubes, a deck gun, and a machine gun. The engines for the boats were unreliable, which compounded handling problems with the design. The "U-20" class did not claim any wartime successes, yet lost two of the boats—"U-20" and "U-23"—to enemy action during the war. The remaining two were delivered as war reparations and broken up. The conning tower from "U-20", which was raised and salvaged in 1962, is on display in a military museum in Vienna.
Background.
The Austro-Hungarian Navy's U-boat fleet at the beginning of World War I consisted of six largely experimental submarines, two of which were not operational. When it became apparent that the war would not be a short one, Austria-Hungary moved to bolster their U-boat fleet by seizing the plans for the Danish "Havmanden" class submarines, three of which had been built at Whitehead’s in Fiume. Although the Austro-Hungarian Navy was not happy with the design, which was largely obsolete, it was the only design for which plans were available and which could be begun immediately in domestic shipyards. The Austro-Hungarian Navy unenthusiastically placed orders for four boats on 27 March 1915.
Design and construction.
Before construction could begin, the Navy found itself in the midst of political situation because the Hungarian government demanded that a substantial portion of the submarine contracts be allocated to Hungarian firms. After intricate negotiations, the order was split into two orders of two submarines each, with "U-20" and "U-21" built at the Pola Navy Yard, and "U-22" and "U-23" built at the Hungarian UBAG yard at Fiume. The subcontracts were also divided between Hungarian and Austrian firms, with about two-thirds going to Hungarian companies and one-third to Austrian companies. This allocation of contracts, while politically expedient, exacerbated technical problems that resulted in numerous modifications and delays.
The "U-20"-class boats were ocean-going submarines that displaced surfaced and submerged. The boats were long with a beam of and a draft of . For propulsion, they featured a single shaft, a single diesel engine for surface running, and a single electric motor for submerged travel. The boats were capable of while surfaced and while submerged. Although there is no specific notation of a range for the "U-20" class, the "Havmanden" class, upon which it was based, had a range of at , surfaced, and at submerged. The "U-20" class boats were designed for a crew of 18.
The "U-20" class boats were armed with two torpedo tubes located in the front and carried a complement of two torpedoes. They were also equipped with a 66 mm/26 (2.6 in) deck gun and an machine gun. The first of the class to be launched was "U-21", when it slid down the ways on 15 August 1916; the final boat launched was "U-22" on 27 January 1917. The boats entered service between August and November 1917.
Class members.
During their active service, the boats of the "U-20" class suffered from unreliable engines which compounded the already poor handling characteristics of the boats. None of the class had any successes and two of their number were sunk during the war. "U-23" was the first sunk when she went down on 21 February 1918 from an explosive paravane in the Straits of Otranto. "U-20", the lead boat of the class, sank in July 1918 when she was torpedoed by the Italian submarine "F-12" in the Tagliamento estuary. The remaining two boats were surrendered at war's end, with "U-21" being ceded to Italy in 1920, and "U-22" to France; both were broken up.
SM "U-20".
SM "U-20", the lead boat of the class, was laid down on 29 September 1915 at the Pola Navy Yard. She was launched on 18 September 1916. During diving trials in March 1917, "U-20" was accidentally rammed by the Austro-Hungarian Navy light cruiser , which required seven months of repairs for the U-boat. "U-20" was commissioned on 20 October, and operated out of Pola and Trieste. She was in the estuary of the Tagliamento river in early July 1918 when she was spotted by the surfaced Italian submarine "F-12". "U-20" was hit by one torpedo at a range of and sank with all hands west of Trieste near position . The wreck of "U-20" was raised and salvaged in 1962. Remains of her crewmen were interred on the grounds of the Theresian Military Academy at Wiener Neustadt. The conning tower and a midship section were donated to the Heeresgeschichtliches Museum in Vienna, where they are on display. "U-20" did not sink any ships during her service.
SM "U-21".
SM "U-21" was built at the Pola Navy Yard and was launched on 15 August 1916, and was the first of the class to be launched. "U-21" was damaged in a diving trial in January 1917, requiring seven months for repairs. The U-boat was commissioned on 15 August 1917. In early October, "U-21" conducted patrols off the Albanian coast, but a mid-October Mediterranean patrol was cut short by a leaky seal on her main hatch. After an additional eight months of repairs, "U-21" again conducted patrols off Albania. A broken piston in her diesel engine cut short her war career. At Pola at the war's end, "U-21" was ceded to Italy in 1920 as a war reparation and broken up. "U-21" did not have any successes during the war.
SM "U-22".
SM "U-22" was built at the Hungarian UBAG yard and was launched on 27 January 1917, the last of the class to be launched. The still-incomplete boat sank in the harbor at Fiume in June 1917, but was raised, repaired, and relaunched in October. From her November commissioning, "U-22" conducted patrols off the Po River estuary and, later, northern Adriatic patrols from Trieste. After three months of repairs for her failed electric motor in mid 1918, "U-22" resumed service, patrolling the Montenegrin coast out of Cattaro. In port at Cattaro at war's end, she was ceded to France as a war reparation and broken up. "U-22" sank no ships during the war.
SM "U-23".
SM "U-23" was laid down on 8 December 1915 at the Hungarian UBAG yard and was launched on 5 January 1917. She was commissioned on 1 September and initially patrolled off the Italian towns of Rimini and Ancona. After being transferred to Cattaro in late December, "U-23" departed on her final patrol on 20 February 1918. The following day, "Linienschiffsleutnant" Klemens Ritter von Bézard, "U-23"s only commanding officer, guided the boat in an attack on the Italian transport in the Straits of Otranto. "U-23" then came under attack from the Italian destroyer "Airone"; after first trying to ram the U-boat, the destroyer deployed an explosive paravane. When the paravane came into contact with the submerged "U-23", it blew debris into the air, sinking the submarine with all hands. Like all of her sister boats, "U-23" had no wartime successes.

</doc>
<doc id="20155064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155064" title="Maynard Dixon">
Maynard Dixon

Maynard Dixon (January 24, 1875 – November 11, 1946) was a 20th-century American artist whose body of work focused on the American West. He was married for a time to American photographer Dorothea Lange.
Biography.
Dixon was born in Fresno, California, into a family of aristocratic Virginia Confederates who had found a new home there after the American Civil War. His mother, a well-educated daughter of a Navy officer from San Francisco, shared her love of classic literature with the young boy and encouraged him in his writing and drawing. Dixon later studied briefly with the tonalist painter Arthur Mathews at the California School of Design where he became close friends with Xavier Martinez and others of the Bohemian Club. To support himself he accepted numerous illustration jobs. Great illustrators were plentiful around the turn of the century, yet Dixon obtained work from the Overland Monthly and several San Francisco newspapers.
In 1900 Dixon visited Arizona and New Mexico. This was the start of his lifelong passion for roaming the West. The next year he accompanied artist Edward Borein on a horseback trip through several Western states. In California, he illustrated books and magazines with Western themes. Some of his most memorable work from these early years appeared in Clarence Mulford’s books about Hopalong Cassidy. For a time he lived in New York with his young wife and baby daughter Constance, but soon returned to the western United States where he said he could create “honest art of the west” instead of the romanticized versions he was being paid to create. Shortly after he began a new life in San Francisco, his first marriage ended.
Dixon developed his style during this early period, and Western themes became a trademark for him. In San Francisco, Dixon was considered a colorful character with a good sense of humor. He often dressed like a cowboy and seemed determined to impart a Western style, most often in the form of a black Stetson, boots and a bolo tie.
Influenced in part by the Panama Pacific International Exposition of 1915, Dixon began to search for a new expression, moving away from impressionism and into a simpler, more modern style. Meeting and marrying Dorothea Lange, a portrait photographer from the East, had a great influence on his art. They married in 1920 and by 1925, the year their first son Daniel Rhoades Dixon was born, Maynard’s style had changed dramatically to even more powerful compositions, with the emphasis on design, color, and self-expression. A true modernist emerged. The power of low horizons and marching cloud formations, simplified and distilled, became his own brand and at once were both bold and mysterious. In 1929 his second son was born, John Eaglefeather Dixon.
During the Great Depression, Dixon painted a series of social realism canvases depicting the prevailing politics of maritime strikes, displaced workers, and those affected by the depression. Simultaneously, Lange captured on film images of the migrant workers in the Salinas Valley and the city breadlines, images that eventually brought her fame. In 1933 the Dixons spent the summer in Zion National Park with sojourns to the hamlet of Mount Carmel, Utah. Lange was called back to San Francisco, a separation which led to the couple's divorce in 1935.
Two years later, Dixon married San Francisco muralist Edith Hamlin. The couple left San Francisco two years later for southern Utah, the source of some of Dixon’s greatest art. In 1939, the couple built a summer home in Mount Carmel, where Dixon found new friends and became reacquainted with the local natural landscapes. He lived near the cottonwood trees along an old irrigation ditch and took short hikes to a plateau where he loved the quiet. Dixon spent winter months in Tucson, where the couple also had a home and studio.
Dixon continued to create simple but powerful compositions in which non-essential elements were distilled or eliminated. In 1946, Maynard died at his winter home in Tucson. In the spring of 1947, his widow Edith brought his ashes to Mount Carmel where she buried them on a high bluff above the art studio being built on the property. This had been at his request and she felt it a fitting tribute where friends could come to pay respects and view the land that he loved.

</doc>
<doc id="20155094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155094" title="Hakan Özmert">
Hakan Özmert

Hakan Özmert (born 3 June 1985 in Nantes) is a French-Turkish footballer. He currently plays as a midfielder for Karabükspor in the Süper Lig.
Club career.
Özmert began his professional career with Sakaryaspor, and appeared in 26 Super Lig matches for the club. In 2005, he was loaned out to Karşıyaka S.K. and later made a permanent move to Antalyaspor in July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20155098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155098" title="Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 1995">
Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 1995

This is a list of "Billboard" magazine's Top Hot 100 songs of 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20155099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155099" title="Trial of Milan Martić">
Trial of Milan Martić

Prosecutor v. Milan Martić was a case (no. IT-95-11-I) judged by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, for crimes against humanity.
Events leading to the trial.
Milan Martić was born near Knin, Croatia on November 18, 1954. From January 1991 to August 1995, he held various positions within the government of the Serbian Autonomous Region of Krajina, which later evolved into the Republic of Serbian Krajina (RSK), including Chief of the Police in Knin, Secretary for Internal Affairs of the SAO Krajina, Deputy Commander of the Territorial Defense of the SAO Krajina, Minister of Defense of the SAO Krajina, Minister of the Interior of the SAO Krajina and of the RSK and, from 25 January 1994 onwards, President of the RSK.
The events giving rise to this trial took place between August 1991 and December 1995 in the SAO Krajina and the RSK. The Trial Chamber found that Martić participated in a joint criminal enterprise (JCE) with other individuals, the common purpose of which was the establishment of an ethnically Serb territory through the displacement of the non-Serb population.
Martić participated in the JCE by providing substantive financial, logistical and military support to the SAO Krajina and the RSK, by actively working together with the other JCE participants to fulfill the objective of a united Serb state, by exercising his authority over the Ministry of Internal Affairs (MUP) of the SAO Krajina and the RSK, by fuelling an atmosphere of insecurity and fear through public statements, and by participating in the forcible removal of the non-Serb population.
Trial court.
The trial lasted for 143 days. During the trial the prosecution called 45 witnesses and had 901 exhibits. The defense presented 22 witnesses and had 90 exhibits. The Trial Chamber concluded that Martić incurred individual criminal responsibility pursuant to Article 7(1) of the Tribunal’s Statute ("Statute"). Martić was convicted of the following crimes:
More specifically, the Trial Chamber concluded that the crimes fell within the common purpose of the JCE, or were "foreseeable to Martić."
The Trial Chamber therefore convicted Martić under the basic form of JCE for Counts 10, 11, and 1 (in part) and under the extended form of JCE for Counts 3 to 9, 12 to 14 and 1 (in part). The Trial Chamber acquitted Martić of Count 2, extermination as a crime against humanity.
The Trial Chamber further found that Martić ordered the shelling of Zagreb on 2 and 3 May 1995 with Orkan Rockets, containing cluster munitions. It thus held that he incurred individual criminal responsibility pursuant to Article 7(1) of the Statute for ordering under Count 15, murder as a crime against humanity; Count 16, murder as a violation of the laws or customs of war; Count 17, inhumane acts as a crime against humanity; Count 18, cruel treatment as a violation of the laws or customs of war; and Count 19, attacks on civilians as a violation of the laws or customs of war. The Trial Chamber did not enter convictions under Counts 16 and 18, having found that these crimes were impermissibly cumulative with Count 19. The Trial Chamber sentenced Martić, "in absentia", to a single sentence of thirty-five years of imprisonment.
On 8 March 1996, the Trial Chamber issued a decision confirming the initial indictment and issuing an international arrest warrant for Martić which was sent to all States and to the NATO-led Implementation Force (IFOR) that was in Bosnia and Herzegovina at the time.
Martić surrendered in May 2002. He was transferred on 15 May 2002 to the ICTY in The Hague. On 21 May 2002, during his initial appearance, and then again on 23 January 2003 he pleaded not guilty to all the charges held against him in the indictment. The trial commenced before the ICTY on 13 December 2005.
Appeals Chamber.
The Appeals Chamber of the ICTY accepted appeals from both Martić and the Prosecutor. The Defense requested a finding of not guilty or a re-trial on the basis of alleged errors of law and fact. The Prosecution presented one ground of appeal, asking for a revision of the sentence due to an alleged error of law. Appeals hearings took place on the 25th and 26 June 2008. The Appeals Chamber dismissed nine grounds of Martić’s appeal and accepted two sub-grounds of the fifth ground of appeal, reversing Martić’s convictions relating to specific alleged crimes committed in Benkovac, Cerovljani, Vukovići, and Poljanak. The Appeals Chamber rejected Martić’s argument that the Trial Chamber erred in failing to take into account relevant contextual factors, in particular, the political objectives of the Serb leadership. The Appeals Chamber granted the Prosecution’s sole ground of appeal in which it claimed that the Trial Chamber erred in law when it found that persons "hors de combat", i.e., soldiers who are incapable of taking part in the hostilities (for example because injured or detained), could not be victims of crimes against humanity. The Appeals Chamber concluded that the reversals on appeal did not warrant a revision of sentence. On October 8, 2008 the Appeals chamber upheld the Trial Chamber’s ruling. Martić is serving his sentence in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20155101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155101" title="Jean-Étienne Antoinette">
Jean-Étienne Antoinette

Jean-Étienne Antoinette (born 29 January 1966) is a French Guianan politician. He is one of the 343 representatives of the Senate of France. He is the mayor of Kourou.

</doc>
<doc id="20155107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155107" title="Orangutan Foundation International">
Orangutan Foundation International

Orangutan Foundation International (OFI) has its headquarters in Los Angeles, California. Founded by Dr. Birute Galdikas, one of three anthropologists (The Trimates) to study great apes under the guidance of Dr. Louis Leakey, OFI continues to rescue and rehabilitate orangutans, preparing them for release back into protected areas of the Indonesian rain forest. In addition, OFI promotes the preservation of rain forest, an issue that continues to be of interest in various publications such as the "New York Times" (January 25, 2007), "Los Angeles Times"(October 19, 2008)", and National Geographic" Magazine (November 2008: "Borneo's Moment of Truth.")
Orangutan Foundation International, originally called the Orangutan Research and Conservation Project, was founded by Dr. Biruté Mary Galdikas and former husband Rod Brindamour in 1986. The couple started the project to study the ecology and behavior of wild orangutans. The focus later turned towards conservation, protection, rehabilitation, and education of orangutans, which has been an area of interest in various publications including New York Times (January 25, 2007), Los Angeles Times(October 19, 2008), and National Geographic Magazine (November 2008: "Borneo's Moment of Truth.") The OFI's research facilities are located in the Indonesian owned part of Borneo,the third largest island in the world. Camp Leakey is where the research on orangutans is conducted and also where rehabilitated orangutans are released.
Mission.
The Orangutan Foundation International's mission is to:
Support protection, conservation, and understanding about orangutans and their natural habitat while caring for orphaned orangutans and helping them make the transition back into the rain forest. The OFI also educates the public and the government about orangutans, rain forest, and the issues around conservation and protection of the apes and their environment.
History.
The Orangutan Foundation International was founded in 1986 by Dr. Birute Galdikas. The precursor to the OFI was the Orangutan Research and Conservation Project (ORCP), founded in 1971 by Galdikas with the help of Louis Leakey as moral and financial support. While working toward her Ph.D at UCLA, Dr. Galdikas went to see Leakey who was a guest speaker at the school. During the presentation Galdikas learned that Leakey had sponsored both Jane Goodall and Dian Fossey who also worked with primates and decided to ask him to sponsor her as well. Leakey agreed, and Galdikas, Goodall, and Fossey became The Trimates. In honor of Leakey, Galdikas' named the base camp Camp Leakey. The first work of the ORCP was taking orangutans that were being kept as pets from government officials and others. The formation of the ORCP gave Dr. Galdikas the opportunity to conduct 100,000 hours of observation of orangutans. In 1986, the ORCP morphed in the OFI. The new insight from Galdikas' research with the Asian Ape (orangutan) drew a lot of media attention. Galdikas' found that she needed something to turn the attention into positive action and created the OFI. The OFI's goals were a little bit different from its mother. The OFI is "aimed specifically at conservation, rehabilitation, research, and education". Lawyer John Beal visited Camp Leakey in 1979 and after his return to the United States, aided Galdikas' and others in the establishment of The Orangutan Foundation in Los Angeles, California which is headquarters for the OFI
Camp Leakey.
What started out to be just two small huts is now a functional research facility. Camp Leakey is where all of the research the OFI conducts on orangutans is done. Others other than the OFI have studied and researched at Camp Leakey including graduate and undergraduate students from multiple institutions such as Univeristas Nasiona, a college in Indonesia, and universities in the United States. The camp now consists of about 19 miles of trails, rainforest, and swamp land for the rehabilitated orangutans and the wild orangutans that made their home there. The OFI takes in ex-captive, hurt, and orphaned orangutans. Once the ape is in the care of the Dr. Galdikas and her staff, it is raised (if it is young) or treated for any diseases or injuries in the Care Center. The orangutans in the care center are taken each day by their keepers to Camp Leakey to be allowed to play in their natural habitat. This is done to slowly acclimate the orangutans back into the forest so one day they can be released. Once the orangutan is old enough and deemed suitable, it is released back into the wild. Some orangutans never learn to fend for themselves and for that reason can never leave the care center and the staff. Some orangutans do not want to leave the base of the OFI (where the staff eats and lives) and will venture back from time to time to visit the staff and volunteers.
Controversy.
The efforts of Dr. Galdikas and staff have brought about some controversy. An article from Nature says, "The orphaned apes were often psychologically damaged and difficult to control. Some even attacked guests and staffers." Some researchers questioned the value of the information gained from studying the orphaned apes. The critics question if the behavior of the apes mirrors that of a wild orangutan or not. Other people began wondering if the released orangutans would transmit diseases brought by people to the wild orangutan population.

</doc>
<doc id="20155110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155110" title="Detour for Emmy">
Detour for Emmy

Detour for Emmy is a young adult novel by Marilyn Reynolds. It won the South Carolina Young Adult Book Award for 1995-1996. It deals with the impact of an unexpected pregnancy on a teenage girl. Like other novels by the author, it is based on the life challenges of her students. It was one of the American Library Association's Best Books for Young Adults for 1993. The explicit nature of the content caused it to be removed from the El Mirage, Arizona School District libraries.

</doc>
<doc id="20155115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155115" title="West Auckland (New Zealand electorate)">
West Auckland (New Zealand electorate)

West Auckland is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate on the western outskirts of Auckland, created for the from part of the former electorate. The electorate was abolished for the , and split between and electorates.
Population centres.
In 1984 the electorate included Kumeu, Hobsonville, Henderson, Ranui and Waitakere. In 1987 it was moved to the south, losing Hobsonville and much of Kumeu while gaining Titirangi and Piha.
Members of Parliament.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="20155124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155124" title="Champi Chatterjee">
Champi Chatterjee

Champi Chatterjee (born 11 May 1959) was an Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Bengal. He was born in Belur.
Chatterjee made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1983-84 season, against Delhi. Batting in the tailend, he scored two runs in the first innings and a single run in the second innings.
Chatterjee bowled nine overs during the match - taking figures of 0-51 in the first innings in which he bowled and 0-10 in the second innings.

</doc>
<doc id="20155142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155142" title="Obshcheritsa River">
Obshcheritsa River

Obshcheritsa River () is a river in Oryol Oblast, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="20155145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155145" title="AnMed Health Medical Center">
AnMed Health Medical Center

AnMed Health Medical Center is a 461-bed acute care hospital at 800 N. Fant St. in Anderson, South Carolina. The Medical Center is the anchor facility for AnMed Health, South Carolina's largest independent, not-for-profit health system.
Services provided at the Medical Center include open heart surgery, vascular surgery, general surgery, emergency/trauma medicine, a stroke/neurological center, and diagnostic MRI, CT and laboratory medicine. Other facilities located at AnMed Health's medical center campus include Pediatric Therapy Works, a speech, occupational and physical therapy program for children; and Minor Care, a walk-in facility that treats non life-threatening ailments such as influenza, broken bones and minor nosebleeds.
History.
Virginia "Jennie" Gilmer is widely recognized as the founder of the Anderson County Hospital, which later became AnMed Health. In 1903, during the birth of her second child, Gilmer vowed that if she lived she would make sure a hospital was built in Anderson. Gilmer survived the delivery, and in May 1904, she and a small group of women started a fundraising campaign for the hospital.
The Anderson County Hospital Association was organized and incorporated in 1906, and fundraising efforts increased under the association’s president, Richard S. Ligon. Anderson County Hospital opened its doors on April 20, 1908, and admitted its first patient a day later.
Accredited.
AnMed Health Medical Center is accredited by the Joint Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20155160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155160" title="Tom Hamilton (baseball)">
Tom Hamilton (baseball)

Thomas Ball Hamilton (September 29, 1925 in Altoona, Kansas – November 29, 1973 in Tyler, Texas) was a Major League Baseball player who played in 1952 and 1953 for the Philadelphia Athletics. He batted left-handed and threw right-handed, and he was tall and 213 pounds. Used primarily as a pinch hitter, Hamilton appeared in the field in only 14 of the 67 games he played. 
Prior to playing professional baseball, Tom Hamilton attended the University of Texas at Austin, with whom he won the 1949 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award in the first year it was awarded. He is one of six players from University of Texas at Austin to win that award. The others are: J. L. Smith, Mickey Reichenbach, Calvin Schiraldi, Huston Street and David Maroul. In both 1948 and 1949, he was an All-SWC first baseman, and in 1949 he was also a first-team All-American. He hit .417 with a .848 slugging percentage in 1949.
He also played basketball at the University of Texas at Austin, where he was a center. He was an All-SWC basketball selection in 1950, and he was the first player in school history to score 1,000 points.
Hamilton was signed by the Athletics in 1950, as an amateur free agent. He made his big league debut a couple years later, on September 4, 1952. He appeared in nine games in 1952, collecting two hits in 10 at-bats for a .200 batting average. In 1953, he played in 58 games, although he had only 56 at-bats. He hit .196 with no home runs and five RBI that year. On September 13, he played his final big league game. Overall, Hamilton hit .197 with no home runs and six RBI in 66 career at-bats. 
Although his big league career was over, his professional career was not. For example, on December 13, 1953, he was involved in a huge 11 player trade between the Athletics and New York Yankees. He was traded with Loren Babe, Harry Byrd, Carmen Mauro, and Eddie Robinson for Don Bollweg, Johnny Gray, Jim Robertson, Jim Finigan, Vic Power, and Bill Renna.
In 1971, he was elected to the University of Texas to Austin Hall of Honor. 
He served as the baseball coach and athletic director at St. Edward's University at the time of his death in 1973. Following his death, he was buried in Cook-Walden Capital Parks Cemetery in Pflugerville, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20155167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155167" title="Küdürlü, Qakh">
Küdürlü, Qakh

Küdürlü is a municipality and village in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 354.

</doc>
<doc id="20155177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155177" title="Qapıçay">
Qapıçay

Qapıçay is a municipality and village in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 332.

</doc>
<doc id="20155185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155185" title="Qaradolaq, Qakh">
Qaradolaq, Qakh

Qaradolaq is a municipality and village in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 186.

</doc>
<doc id="20155186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155186" title="Tomas Lindahl">
Tomas Lindahl

Tomas Robert Lindahl FRS (born 28 January 1938) is a Swedish scientist specialising in cancer research.
He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters. He was awarded the Royal Society's Royal Medal in 2007 and the Copley Medal in 2010.
He earned his PhD in 1967 and a Doctor of Medicine qualification in 1970 from the Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm, followed by postgraduate work at Princeton University and Rockefeller University.
After moving to the United Kingdom he joined the Imperial Cancer Research Fund (now Cancer Research UK) as a researcher in 1981. He won the Royal Medal for "making fundamental contributions to our understanding of DNA repair. His achievements stand out for their great originality, breadth and lasting influence."

</doc>
<doc id="20155216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155216" title="Russia–Zimbabwe relations">
Russia–Zimbabwe relations

Russia–Zimbabwe relations () date back to January 1979, during the Rhodesian Bush War. The Soviet Union supported Joshua Nkomo's Zimbabwe African People's Union, and supplied them with arms; Robert Mugabe's attempts to gain Soviet support for his Zimbabwe African National Union were rebuffed, leading him to enter into relations with Soviet rival Beijing. After the end of the white regime in Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe had strengthened his relations with both Beijing and Moscow as a result of intense western pressure on him. The USSR soon established diplomatic relations with Zimbabwe on February 18, 1981 and Russia still maintains an embassy in Harare. Both Russia and China still maintain strong economic and political ties with Zimbabwe and both countries had vetoed the UN resolution imposing UN sanctions on Zimbabwe which was proposed by both the US and the UK on July 12, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20155229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155229" title="John W. Boyd, Jr.">
John W. Boyd, Jr.

John Wesley Boyd, Jr. (born September 4, 1965) is a Baskerville, Virginia farmer and civil rights activist and the founder of the National Black Farmers Association (NBFA). He owns and operates a farm where he grows soybean, corn and wheat and currently raises a hundred head of beef cattle. For 14 years Boyd was a chicken farmer in a Perdue Farms breeder program. He was also a tobacco farmer for many years. 
Boyd is a fourth-generation farmer. He formed the National Black Farmers Association, a Virginia-based non-profit organization, in 1995. In 2000, Boyd was the Democratic nominee for election to Virginia's 5th congressional district running against independent incumbent Virgil Goode. Goode later became a Republican.
In his role with the National Black Farmers Association, Boyd has worked closely with national leaders in government, agriculture organizations and rural groups nationwide. Boyd was appointed by then-Virginia Governor-elect Tim Kaine to serve as co-chair of his Policy Committee on Agriculture and Forestry during the transition period. In 2000, Boyd was appointed by President Bill Clinton to serve on his administration's tobacco commission. Prior to that, he was appointed by then-Virginia Governor Jim Gilmore to serve on the Virginia Tobacco Indemnification and Community Revitalization Commission. His term lasted from July 1, 1999 until June 30, 2001.
He was an early supporter of Senator Barack Obama during the 2008 Democratic presidential primaries and played an important role organizing African American voters in the critical South Carolina primary. During the primaries Boyd also organized supporters and spoke at events in Alabama, Georgia, and Mississippi. Boyd organized supporters and spoke at events for Obama in important battleground states during the general election including Florida, North Carolina and Virginia.
On July 7, 2008, "Roll Call" newspaper reported that Boyd was instrumental in "securing the biggest Congressional victory in history for black farmers, a $100 million line item in this year’s farm bill that effectively reopened the government’s discrimination settlement with black farmers."
After leading public rallies and an intensive NBFA member lobbying effort, Congress approved and President Barack Obama signed into law in December 2010 legislation that set aside $1.15 billion to resolve the outstanding Black farmers cases. 
Boyd was quoted in the national press numerous times on the Cobell native American trust fund case. His work on that case, which was resolved when it was grouped with the Black farmers legislation, helped lead to a $3.4 billion legal settlement. He told National Public Radio in November 2010 that "This has been just a long struggle for the black farmers and for the Cobell case as well."
National attention.
Boyd was named "ABC World News Tonight"'s Person of the Week on Friday, November 21, 2003. The next year he was featured in the CBS Evening News Eye on America report. And he has appeared on CBS's "60 Minutes", "Nightline", CNN and other television networks.
He has been named one of the "100 Most Influential Black Americans and Organization Leaders" by "Ebony" magazine several times. He has been featured in "Jet" magazine numerous times.
At one point, Boyd had been rumored to be a contender to served in Obama's Cabinet as Secretary of Agriculture in Barack Obama's cabinet. Early in the process, Congressional Quarterly (CQ) reported that some members of the Congressional Black Caucus had thrown their support to Boyd. Some liberal bloggers said they were intrigued by Boyd as an option and numerous blog readers had said they supported Boyd. However, the position ultimately went to Tom Vilsack of Iowa.
Controversy.
The press and Boyd himself have referred to Boyd as Dr. John Boyd. Boyd has never publicly stated where he received a Doctoral Degree or whether it's an earned or honorary degree.
There are conflicting reports in the media. PBS claimed that Boyd holds a PhD in Agricultural Economics. A Washington Post article claims that Boyd has two honorary degrees. Boyd refers to himself as Dr. John Boyd on his Twitter account.

</doc>
<doc id="20155236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155236" title="John Adams (Royal Navy officer)">
John Adams (Royal Navy officer)

Rear Admiral John Harold Adams, CB, LVO ( – ) was a Royal Navy officer who was best known for his command of , a 22,000 ton "Centaur"-class light aircraft carrier, during the Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation.
Biography.
Adams was born in Newcastle upon Tyne on . He attended Glenalmond College in Perth and Kinross, Scotland and joined the Royal Navy as a special entry cadet in 1936. After eight months of training he joined the .
After the outbreak of World War II, Adams was assigned to the destroyer . On 11 September 1939, "Walker" ran down and went through her sister ship, , and was jammed in her. As the weather and conditions were good, both ships were able to be saved. During the crisis, Adams carried "Vanquisher"s safe with its confidential material inside to the deck of "Walker", but found that after the situation had calmed down the next morning that he was unable to lift it.
He served on the in 1941 and saw action in the Western Approaches of the coast of Great Britain, as part of the St. Nazaire Raid and the landings of Allied troops in North Africa and Sicily. He underwent training and qualified as a torpedo and electrics specialist in 1943, and was able to use this knowledge to prepare escorts for convoys crossing the North Atlantic. On 15 December 1942 he was Mentioned in Despatches for his actions aboard "Cleveland" in an engagement with E-Boats.
After the war, he commanded the destroyer and served in the Admiralty's torpedo and anti-submarine warfare division, among other staff appointments. He was promoted to lieutenant commander on 1 June 1948, and commander on 31 December 1950. He was then given command of the Royal Yacht "Britannia", which included taking Princess Margaret to the West Indies, Queen Elizabeth II to Portugal and a world tour for Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, serving from 1954 to 1957. As a result, he was appointed a Member of the Fourth Class of the Royal Victorian Order in the 1957 Queen's Birthday Honours. He was promoted captain on 31 December 1956.
Adams commanded from May 1964 to January 1966. The ship was deployed in the Indian Ocean and the Far East. She arrived east of Suez with 848 Naval Air Squadron and a strong force of Royal Marines. During the Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation, "Albion" sent two flights of Wessex helicopters to support marine and army border patrols from bases in Borneo and Sarawak. He was promoted rear admiral on 7 January 1966.
In 1966, serving as Assistant Chief of Naval Staff (Policy), Adams was assigned to the Ministry of Defence and became chairman of the Future Fleet Working Party, reporting to Admiral of the Fleet Sir Varyl Begg. Building on his experience with the "Albion", Adams' working party recommended a "through-deck cruiser" that would carry vertical take-off jet fighters and deploy helicopters, insisting that this approach was the logical conclusion of his research. Begg, who believed that missiles would replace planes, exploded with anger and rejected Adams's report publicly. Begg told told him that he would never be employed again. Adams retired on 12 February 1968, and was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in that year's Queen's Birthday Honours, but was invited to the launch of the aircraft carrier in 1977, which was a vindication of his approach.
Personal.
After leaving the Royal Navy, Adams served as Director of the Paper and Paper Products Industry Training Board from 1968 to 1971. From 1972 to 1973, he was Director of the Employers' Federation of Papermakers and Boardmakers and then served from 1974 to 1983 as Director General of the British Paper and Board Industry Federation.
Adams was the author of "The Adventure of Charlie the Cone", stories about a traffic cone that he made up for his children during long car trips.
He married the former Mary Parker in 1943. The two had one son and the marriage ended in 1961. He married Ione Eadie later in 1961 and had two sons and two daughters together.
Adams died on .

</doc>
<doc id="20155237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155237" title="Stella Parton discography">
Stella Parton discography

This article documents the discography of country artist, Stella Parton.

</doc>
<doc id="20155239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155239" title="Bağtala">
Bağtala

Bağtala is a village in the municipality of Uzuntala in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20155263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155263" title="Walter Morson">
Walter Morson

Walter Augustus Ormsby Morson (December 24, 1851 – September 9, 1921) was a lawyer and political figure in Prince Edward Island, Canada. He represented 3rd Kings in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1902 to 1908 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Malpeque, Prince Edward Island, the son of Richard Willock Morson, who was born in the West Indies, and Elizabeth Cody. Morson studied law with William Wilfred Sullivan in Charlottetown and was called to the bar in 1877, becoming a junior partner in the firm of Sullivan, McLeod and Morson. In 1891, he married May Elizabeth Desbrisay. Morson served in the local militia, reaching the rank of major. He was prothonotary for the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia, then registrar in the court of chancery and master in chancery. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in an 1902 by-election held after the death of Malcolm MacDonald. Morson later became senior partner in law firms named Morson and McQuarrie and Morson and Duffy.

</doc>
<doc id="20155266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155266" title="Ralph Graves (writer)">
Ralph Graves (writer)

Ralph Augustus Graves (October 17, 1924 – June 10, 2013) was an American reporter, editor, and writer. He authored several novels and has edited and contributed to famous periodicals such as Life magazine.
Life.
Graves was born October 17, 1924 in Washington, D.C. to Elizabeth and Ralph Graves. His father was the founding editor of National Geographic.
His mother later married Francis Sayres, the last United States High Commissioner to the Philippines and the family resided there in the U.S. Embassy during his term. Graves was a high school student at the time of their arrival. They were evacuated from the embassy on Christmas Eve 1941 to the headquarters of General Douglas MacArthur in Corregidor, living in underground bunkers until escaping to Australia by submarine early in 1942.
Graves served in the United States Army Air Forces during the World War II. His service began in 1943 and concluded in 1945. Graves attained the rank of sergeant before leaving the armed forces.
Graves attended Williams College and later, Harvard University where he was a member of the Phi Beta Kappa honor society. He earned his B.A. from Harvard, being graduated in 1948.
Graves married Patricia Monser in 1950. Graves' marriage to Monser produced two children before the couple divorced. Graves remarried to Eleanor Mackenzie in 1958 and they also had two children.
Graves lived in New York City and maintained a second home in Sarasota, Florida.
Professional career.
Graves was employed as a writer and reporter at Life magazine from 1948 to 1958. He steadily rose through the ranks at Life magazine, serving as the articles editor, the assistant managing editor, and the managing editor before leaving the publication in 1972. Graves moved to Time, Inc. where he served as the senior staff editor and editorial director, among other positions. Graves currently is a writer and holds a chair on the Citizens' Crime Commission of New York.
Literary works.
Graves' writing career began in 1949 with the publication of "Thanks for the Ride". His second book, "The Lost Eagles", was published in 1955. This is a historical novel in which a fictional Roman, Severus Varus, searches for the legionary emblems lost by his kinsman, Quinctilius Varus, at the Battle of the Teutoburg Forest.
After a long break from writing books during his time at Life magazine, Graves resumed his literary career with the publication of "August People" in 1985. This work was followed in 1989 by "Share of Honor", an in-depth look into Graves' personal involvement with the Japanese occupation of the Philippines during World War II.
Graves' novel, "Orion: The Story of a Rape". was a fictionalized account of the rape of his daughter that occurred in Manhattan in 1983.
Death.
Graves died of kidney failure on June 10, 2013, at his home in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="20155271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155271" title="Rishtey (season 1)">
Rishtey (season 1)

The following is an episode list for Season 1 of the Zee TV series, "Rishtey". There are 46 different stories that aired in Season 1 of the series.

</doc>
<doc id="20155274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155274" title="Black Death migration">
Black Death migration

The plague disease, caused by "Yersinia pestis", is enzootic (commonly present) in populations of ground rodents in Central Asia. Morelli et al. (2010) reported the origin of the plague bacillus to be in China. An older theory places the first cases in the steppes of Central Asia, although some speculate that it originated around northern India, and others, such as the historian Michael W. Dols, argue that the historical evidence concerning epidemics in the Mediterranean and specifically the Plague of Justinian point to a probability that the Black Death originated in Africa and spread to Central Asia, where it then became entrenched among the rodent population. Nevertheless, from Central Asia it was carried east and west along the Silk Road, by Mongol armies and traders making use of the opportunities of free passage within the Mongol Empire offered by the Pax Mongolica. It was reportedly first introduced to Europe at the trading city of Caffa in the Crimea in 1347. After a protracted siege, during which the Mongol army under Jani Beg was suffering the disease, they catapulted the infected corpses over the city walls to infect the inhabitants. The Genoese traders fled, bringing the plague by ship into Sicily and the south of Europe, whence it spread. Whether or not this hypothesis is accurate, it is clear that several preexisting conditions such as war, famine, and weather contributed to the severity of the Black Death. In China, the 13th century Mongol conquest disrupted farming and trading, and led to widespread famine. The population dropped from approximately 120 to 60 million. The 14th century plague is estimated to have killed 1/3 of the population of China.
In Europe, the Medieval Warm Period ended sometime towards the end of the 13th century, bringing harsher winters and reduced harvests. In the years 1315 to 1317 a catastrophic famine, known as the Great Famine, struck much of North-West Europe. The famine came about as the result of a large population growth in the previous centuries, with the result that, in the early 14th century the population began to exceed the number that could be sustained by productive capacity of the land and farmers.
In Northern Europe, new technological innovations such as the heavy plough and the three-field system were not as effective in clearing new fields for harvest as they were in the Mediterranean because the north had poor, clay-like, soil. Food shortages and skyrocketing prices were a fact of life for as much as a century before the plague. Wheat, oats, hay, and consequently livestock, were all in short supply, and their scarcity resulted in hunger and malnutrition. The result was a mounting human vulnerability to disease, due to weakened immune systems.
The European economy entered a vicious circle in which hunger and chronic, low-level debilitating disease reduced the productivity of labourers, and so the grain output was reduced, causing grain prices to increase. This situation was worsened when landowners and monarchs like Edward III of England (r. 1327–1377) and Philip VI of France (r. 1328–1350), out of a fear that their comparatively high standard of living would decline, raised the fines and rents of their tenants. Standards of living then fell drastically, diets grew more limited, and Europeans as a whole experienced more health problems.
In the autumn of 1314, heavy rains began to fall, which led to several years of cold and wet winters. The already weak harvests of the north suffered and the seven-year famine ensued. The Great Famine was the worst in European history, reducing the population by at least ten percent. Records recreated from dendrochronological studies show a hiatus in building construction during the period, as well as a deterioration in climate.
This was the economic and social situation in which the predictor of the coming disaster, a typhoid (Infected Water) epidemic, emerged. Many thousands died in populated urban centres, most significantly Ypres. In 1318 a pestilence of unknown origin, sometimes identified as anthrax, targeted the animals of Europe, notably sheep and cattle, further reducing the food supply and income of the peasantry.
Asian outbreak.
The scenario that would place the first outbreak in central Asia agrees with the first reports of outbreaks in China in the early 1330s. The plague struck the Chinese province of Hubei in 1334. On the heels of the European epidemic, a more widespread disaster occurred in China during 1353–1354. Chinese accounts of this wave of the disease record a spread to eight distinct areas: Hubei, Jiangxi, Shanxi, Hunan, Guangdong, Guangxi, Henan, and Suiyuan, throughout the Mongol and Chinese empires. Historian William McNeill noted that voluminous Chinese records on disease and social disruption survive from this period, but no one has studied these sources in depth.
It is probable that the Mongols and merchant caravans inadvertently brought the plague from central Asia to the Middle East and Europe. The plague was reported in the trading cities of Constantinople and Trebizond in 1347.
European outbreak.
In October 1347, a fleet of Genoese trading ships fleeing Caffa reached the port of Messina in Sicily. By the time the fleet reached Messina, all the crew members were either infected or dead. It is presumed that the ships also carried infected rats and/or fleas. Some ships were found grounded on shorelines, with no one aboard remaining alive.
Looting of these lost ships also helped spread the disease. From there, the plague spread to Genoa and Venice by the turn of 1347–1348.
From Italy the disease spread northwest across Europe, striking France, the Crown of Aragon, the Crown of Castile, Portugal and England by June 1348, then turned and spread east through Germany and Scandinavia from 1348 to 1350. It was introduced in Norway in 1349 when a ship landed at Askøy, then proceeded to spread to Bjørgvin (modern Bergen). Finally it spread to north-western Russia in 1351; however, the plague largely spared some parts of Europe, including the Kingdom of Poland, isolated parts of Belgium and the Netherlands, Milan and the modern-day France-Spain border.
At Siena, Agnolo di Tura wrote:
"They died by the hundreds, both day and night, and all were thrown in ... ditches and covered with earth. And as soon as those ditches were filled, more were dug. And I, Agnolo di Tura … buried my five children with my own hands … And so many died that all believed it was the end of the world."
Middle Eastern outbreak.
The plague struck various countries in the Middle East during the pandemic, leading to serious depopulation and permanent change in both economic and social structures. As it spread to western Europe, the disease also entered the region from southern Russia. By autumn 1347, the plague reached Alexandria in Egypt, probably through the port's trade with Constantinople, and ports on the Black Sea. During 1348, the disease traveled eastward to Gaza, and north along the eastern coast to cities in Lebanon, Syria, and Palestine, including Ashkelon, Acre, Jerusalem, Sidon, Damascus, Homs, and Aleppo. In 1348–49, the disease reached Antioch. The city's residents fled to the north, most of them dying during the journey, but the infection had been spread to the people of Asia Minor.
Mecca became infected in 1349. During the same year, records show the city of Mawsil (Mosul) suffered a massive epidemic, and the city of Baghdad experienced a second round of the disease. In 1351, Yemen experienced an outbreak of the plague. This coincided with the return of King Mujahid of Yemen from imprisonment in Cairo. His party may have brought the disease with them from Egypt.
Recurrence.
In England, in the absence of census figures, historians propose a range of pre-incident population figures from as high as 7 million to as low as 4 million in 1300, and a post-incident population figure as low as 2 million. By the end of 1350 the Black Death had subsided, but it never really died out in England over the next few hundred years: there were further outbreaks in 1361–62, 1369, 1379–83, 1389–93, and throughout the first half of the 15th century. The plague often killed 10% of a community in less than a year — in the worst epidemics, such as at Norwich in 1579 and Newcastle in 1636, as many as 30 or 40%. The most general outbreaks in Tudor and Stuart England, all coinciding with years of plague in Germany and the Low Countries, seem to have begun in 1498, 1535, 1543, 1563, 1589, 1603, 1625, and 1636.
The plague repeatedly returned to haunt Europe and the Mediterranean throughout the 14th to 18th centuries, and still occurs in isolated cases today.
The plague of 1575–77 claimed some 50,000 victims in Venice. In 1634, an outbreak of plague killed 15,000 Munich residents. Late outbreaks in central Europe include the Italian Plague of 1629–1631, which is associated with troop movements during the Thirty Years' War, and the Great Plague of Vienna in 1679. About 200,000 people in Moscow died of the disease from 1654 to 1656. Oslo was last ravaged in 1654. In 1656 the plague killed about half of Naples' 300,000 inhabitants. Amsterdam was ravaged in 1663–1664, with a mortality given as 50,000.
The Great Plague of London in 1665–1666 is generally recognized as one of the last major outbreaks.
A plague epidemic that followed the Great Northern War (1700–1721, Sweden v. Russia and allies) wiped out almost 1/3 of the population in the region. An estimated one-third of East Prussia's population died in the plague of 1709–1711. The plague of 1710 killed two-thirds of the inhabitants of Helsinki. An outbreak of plague between 1710 and 1711 claimed a third of Stockholm’s population.
During the Great Plague of 1738, the epidemic struck again, this time in Eastern Europe, spreading from Ukraine to the Adriatic Sea, then onwards by ship to infect some in Tunisia. The destruction in several cities in what is now Romania (such as Timişoara) was formidable, claiming tens of thousands of lives.

</doc>
<doc id="20155307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155307" title="Motherwell Shopping Centre">
Motherwell Shopping Centre

Motherwell Shopping Centre is an outdoor shopping centre located in the centre of Motherwell, North Lanarkshire, Scotland. It is owned jointly by Chester Properties and Columbus Capital, who purchased the site from previous owners CALA Properties on May 2010. The centre is known locally as Motherwell Town Centre.
History and Formation.
Formerly the section of Brandon Street connecting to Motherwell Point in the post-war era, this section would later separate and be transformed into a pedestrianised street, leading to the creation of Brandon Parade. The new end of Brandon Street would later connect to a by-pass road known as Menteith Road. The centre was later renamed Brandon Shopping Centre after CALA Properties purchased the centre. Due to the transition, many famous nationwide retailers, such as Primark, now have a store in the centre, making it one of the most attractive and well-known shopping centres in North Lanarkshire. On October 2013, the centre was given a radical upgrade, and was renamed Motherwell Shopping Centre upon completion.
Location and transport links.
The shopping centre is located close to Motherwell railway station, with access to services on routes including the West Coast Main Line, East Coast Main Line, Cross Country and Argyle Line providing local and longer-distance services, from Glasgow, Edinburgh, stretching out to as far as London and Penzance. It also has numerous bus stops located at Merry Street, Muir Street and West Hamilton Street, as well as a taxi rank at the North of the centre next to the public toilets.
Stores.
Below are just a few of the many stores, For a full updated list visit the Store Finder
As of January 2014 ; 
Argos, B & M Bargains, Bonmarché, Boots, British Heart Foundation, Card Factory, Game, Iceland, JD Sports, Poundworld, Poundland, Superdrug

</doc>
<doc id="20155344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155344" title="Coopérative de Pêche de Guyane">
Coopérative de Pêche de Guyane

Coopérative de Pêche de Guyane (CODEPEG) is a fishing enterprise in French Guiana. It is based in the capital, Cayenne, and was formed on June 15, 1983. Former directors include Jean-Marie Taubira.

</doc>
<doc id="20155347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155347" title="Burma–Russia relations">
Burma–Russia relations

Bilateral relations with the Russian Federation () are the strongest enjoyed by largely isolated Myanmar. Russia had established diplomatic relations with Myanmar (then known as Burma), when it became independent and it remained so even today after the fall of the Soviet Union. China and Russia once vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution designed to punish Burma. In recent years, China has shown a lack of willingness to back the Myanmar government and has attempted to stabilize the political situation in Myanmar.
Today Russia still opposes placing sanctions on Myanmar and wants to support a policy of dialogue.
Nuclear cooperation.
In 2007 Russia and Burma did a controversial nuclear research center deal. According to the press release, "The centre will comprise a 10MW light-water reactor working on 20%-enriched uranium-235, an activation analysis laboratory, a medical isotope production laboratory, silicon doping system, nuclear waste treatment and burial facilities".

</doc>
<doc id="20155352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155352" title="K1c2 formula">
K1c2 formula

The K1C2 formula, which stands for "Korea, Communism, and Corruption", was a campaign platform devised by Dwight D. Eisenhower in the United States Presidential Election of 1952. Even though he was aloof from party politics, he vowed to personally go to Korea if he was elected. This was a defining moment in the return of the Republican Party. Democrats had dominated the presidency since 1933 and this was a longtime coming return to office for the Republicans.

</doc>
<doc id="20155355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155355" title="Éxitos En Vivo">
Éxitos En Vivo

Éxitos En Vivo () is the title of a live album released by Tejano music group La Mafia on 1995. This album became their first number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart. It received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album.
Tracklisting.
Source: Billboard.

</doc>
<doc id="20155389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155389" title="María del Carmen Díaz">
María del Carmen Díaz

María del Carmen Díaz Mancilla (born July 15, 1970) is a retired track and field athlete from Mexico, best known for winning the gold medal in the women's marathon at the 1987 Pan American Games in Indianapolis, United States. She competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, where she finished in 33rd place in the women's marathon event.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20155391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155391" title="Captain Jenkins">
Captain Jenkins

Captain Jenkins can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20155404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20155404" title="Carl Theodor Anger">
Carl Theodor Anger

Carl Theodor Anger (Danzig, 31 July 1803 – Danzig, 25 March 1858) was a German mathematician and astronomer. He was a student of and assistant to Friedrich Bessel at the Königsberg Observatory from 1827 until 1831. Thereafter, he was appointed as astronomer by the Naturforschende Gesellschaft in Danzig.
Besides his scientific work, especially that related to Bessel functions, he is also known for his first-hand biographical notes on the life of Bessel.

</doc>
