<doc id="20338022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338022" title="Libertarianism in South Africa">
Libertarianism in South Africa

Libertarianism in South Africa has influenced political and apolitical structures. Libertarianism has not yet become a distinct political movement but is instead represented in one form or another in multiple political and non-political organisations.
History.
The Free Market Foundation, founded in 1975, is identified by many as being a free-market libertarian think-tank. During the 1994 elections two parties had strong Libertarian platforms - The Federal Party led by Frances Kendall-Louw and the KISS Party led by Claire Emary.
The Democratic Alliance, then known as the Progressive Party, held many Liberal and Libertarian ideals, some of which they still hold to this day. It has been argued that the Democratic Alliance's privatization stance is most in line with proprietarian ideals.
Helen Suzman was notable in her pursuit of the proprietarian ideal of freedom in South Africa. She officially carries the label of liberal.
Libertarianism has not be as established in South Africa as in the United States but has had influence on the history and politics of the nation.
Libertarian Seminar.
The first annual Libertarian Spring Seminar was organised by Frances Kendall in 1984 at the Nebo holiday farm in the Free State. The purpose of the seminar was to discuss pressing issues affecting South Africa. These seminars have been run annually by the SA Libertarian Society, an informal collection of libertarian individuals.
Organisations.
The Libertarian movement in South Africa is for the most part, very informal, but organisations do exist. The SA Libertarian Society and Free Market Foundation are the oldest organisations which can be seen as Libertarian. Newer organisations and parties have formed in the past few years. The SA Libertarian Movement is one such organisation which has plans to register as a political party in the future.
The Libertarian community maintains contact through multiple means. Libertarian dinners are organised on a monthly basis in the main centres of South Africa, which function similarly to the annual seminars. Most communication is enacted on Facebook and internet forums. 

</doc>
<doc id="20338028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338028" title="Mercy Medic 105">
Mercy Medic 105

Mercy Medic 105 is a hospital-based Emergency Medical Service in south-eastern Delaware County, PA. Medic 105 provides staffing for both Basic Life Support (BLS) and Advanced life support (ALS) ambulance services which respond from locations throughout the county on a contracted basis to local municipalities. Mercy Fitzgerald Hospital provides staffing to ensure 24 hour emergency coverage to local fire company-based ambulances and (currently) a single ALS chase car which respond to 911 emergency calls for service. At any given time, Mercy EMS has at least 15 employees on the clock which respond first-due to emergency calls in eight municipalities on eight different apparatus. Mercy EMS also provides EMS personnel who respond as a part of the Delaware County South East Regional Emergency Response Team.
Area of Coverage.
Mercy EMS provides primary first-due ALS and BLS responders to eight municipalities in Delaware County, covering an approximate total of and approximately 65,200 residents (Currently). These units respond out of local firehouses, with the exception of an ALS chase car. This area of first-due coverage includes:
Mercy EMS units are also listed on the "run cards" (order of response) of numerous other municipalities on a second or third due basis. These second-due municipalities increase the Mercy EMS coverage area by and approximately 135,500 residents to a potential total of of coverage with approximately 200,500 residents (Currently). These municipalities include, but are not limited to:
EMS Units.
Mercy EMS provides staffing for seven ambulances and one ALS "chase car". Four of the ambulances are staffed within PA Department of Health guidelines by two EMTs, providing BLS services to those who call 911 within their service area. Three of the ambulances are staffed within PA DOH guidelines as Mobile Intensive Care Units, or MICUs. MICUs are staffed by one Paramedic and one EMT-B which provide primary ALS and BLS services to those who call 911 within their service area. The ALS Chase car (Designated as Delaware County Medic 105) provides ALS services to those communities without a MICU, responds second due should a MICU be unavailable, and responds to assist other Paramedics should additional ALS resources be required.
The following is a list of all units operated by Mercy EMS:
All EMS units operated by Mercy EMS are typically dispatched to respond interchangeably to ensure that there is never a gap in coverage. The order of dispatch is typically decided by the municipal Fire Chief, however those staffed 24 hours a day are usually placed higher in the "queue" because of their obvious advantages over volunteer-staffed ambulances. In the event that the first-due ambulance or MICU are unavailable, the county communications center sends the next-due unit to cover the call. Nearly every EMS unit staffed by Mercy EMS is second or third due in another Mercy EMS coverage area, ensuring a prompt response to any medical emergency.
Chain of Command.
Mercy EMS is commanded by the Chief of the Paramedic department. He is assisted by a Deputy Chief, and an administrative assistant. The Chief is ultimately responsible for the department and its employees, and co-operates with incident commanders and local Fire Department Officers when managing incidents. The department is divided into four full-time platoons each assigned four Paramedics and 11 EMTs. Each individual Paramedic is responsible for patient care and incident management, and are assisted by EMTs until the patient or incident can be transferred to a higher level of command or care. In the event that a Paramedic is not available or required, the EMT in charge is responsible until such time that the patient or incident can be transferred to a higher level of care or command.
Since each incident faced by "any" EMS provider is ever-changing and completely unique, any multitude of different agencies and their representatives may be in ultimate command of the incident. During such incidents which require a multi-agency response, a fire/rescue response, or a Police response, each incident's command would be (typically) structured following the National Incident Management System or NIMS.

</doc>
<doc id="20338031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338031" title="Wawrzyniec Cyl">
Wawrzyniec Cyl

Wawrzyniec Cyl (July 2, 1900-February 7, 1974) was a Polish footballer (striker or defender) who played all of his career in ŁKS Łódź. He played four times for Poland national football team in the ages 1923-1925. He represented Poland at 1924 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20338033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338033" title="Cryptoblepharus virgatus">
Cryptoblepharus virgatus

The fence or snake-eyed Skink ("Cryptoblepharus virgatus") is a skink commonly found in southern and eastern Australia. Its habitats include urban areas, woodlands and grasslands. Will often be seen on vertical surfaces such trees, fences and walls.
It is a relatively small, flat bodied skink of a silver-gray coloring. It has a distinct white stripe running along its body from the eye to the base of its tail. May grow up to be 10cm in length. Also sometimes called a snake-eyed skink because it lacks eyelids, instead having a translucent layer of scales covering its eyes similar to that of snakes.
It is an active little lizard, and if threatened will often play dead to confuse the attacker.

</doc>
<doc id="20338041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338041" title="Jerry Ellis (politician)">
Jerry Ellis (politician)

Jerry Ellis (born December 11, 1946 in Hugo, Oklahoma) is an Oklahoma State Senator from District 5, which includes Atoka, Choctaw, McCurtain and Pushmataha counties, since 2008. He earlier was a member of the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 2002 through 2008.
He received his bachelor's degree in animal science from Oklahoma State University in 1969. He served in the armed forces from 1969 to 1972. He has been employed as a laborer for Weyerhaeuser and as a cattle rancher. He is co-founder and publisher of the Southeast Times newspaper. 
Ellis won election to the Oklahoma Senate for District 5 in 2008. In 2002, he received the Friend of Working Men and Women Award from the McCurtain County Democratic Party. In 2007, he received the Oklahoma Rifleman Association Legislator of the Year Award. In 2008, he received the Oklahoma American Legion Legislator of the Year Award as well as the American Association of Retired Persons 50 Over 50 Award. 
He is married to the former Cynthia Cox. They have one son Tom. 
Ellis was named Assistant Democratic Floor Leader in December 2011. He serves on the Agriculture & Rural Development, Business & Commerce and Rules Committees. He's also the Vice Chair of the Tourism & Wildlife committee and serves on the Appropriation Subcomittee on Natural Resources.

</doc>
<doc id="20338053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338053" title="David Bowman (botanist)">
David Bowman (botanist)

David Bowman (3 September 1838 – 25 June 1868) was a Scottish plant collector who, in 1866, was sent by James Veitch & Sons to collect in Brazil. The species "Dieffenbachia bowmanii" is named after him.
Career.
Bowman was born at Arniston near Edinburgh, where his father worked as a gardener. Bowman started his gardening career working with his father, before working at the gardens at Dalhousie Castle, Archerfield, and Dunmore Park, all in Scotland. He later moved to England to take up a position as foreman in the gardens of the Royal Horticultural Society at Chiswick, west London. 
In 1866, he was recruited by James Veitch & Sons of Chelsea, who, in a joint venture with William Wilson Saunders, sent him to Brazil to search for orchids and other plants. He travelled initially to Rio de Janeiro and travelled across the continent to Colombia. Amongst the plants he discovered and sent to his employers were "Dieffenbachia bowmanii" and "Paullinia thalictrifolia", a climbing hothouse plant with fern-like foliage. He also found two orchids, "Odontoglossum crispum" "Alexandrae" and "Cyanophyllum bowmanii", which was later awarded a first-class certificate by the RHS's Floral Committee. Whilst in Colombia, he also discovered "Miltoniopsis vexillaria", but was unable to send a specimen back to England.
As well as sending back plants for Veitch, he also obtained material for private collectors in England and for the Royal Horticultural Society. He was preparing to ship a large collection to England from La Paz when he was attacked, losing most of his finds and as a result was instructed by James Veitch, Jr. to remain in Colombia in order to re-trace his steps. 
Shortly afterwards, he contracted dysentery which led to his death on 25 June 1868. He was buried in the British cemetery at Bogota.

</doc>
<doc id="20338064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338064" title="Hans-Heinrich Sievert">
Hans-Heinrich Sievert

Hans Heinrich Sievert (1909–1963) was a German Olympic decathlete.
In 1934 he became the last decathlon world record holder under the 1915 method of scoring, with 8790.46 points, and won the gold medal at the 1934 European Championships. In the Nazi period in Germany, Sievert was seen as a symbolic hope of the German "master race" in the 1936 Summer Olympics. However, he was injured during the games and the gold medal was won by American Glenn Morris, who also beat Sievert's record. Sievert was recommended to leave the sport after his injury.
In World War II, Sievert became an officer of the German armed forces. In Hungary in 1944, he lost his left foot to a land mine. After the war, Sievert became the chairman of Hamburg's track-and-field event federation and a sport advisor to the German government. He became ill in 1957 and quit his work, moving into the home of his father in Eutin. He married Ruth Hagemann, a fellow athlete that Sievert met while training in the 1930s, and had two daughters who also became athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="20338067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338067" title="Woodland Opera House">
Woodland Opera House

The Woodland Opera House, listed on the National Register of Historic Places and a California Historical Landmark, is one of four fully functioning 19th century opera houses in California. It is a contributing property to the Downtown Historic District of Woodland, California.
History.
Designed in 1885 by Thomas J. Welsh, a prominent San Francisco architect, for the amount of $28,000, it was the first opera house to serve the Sacramento Valley. The builder for the community theater was a Woodland contractor by the name of William Henry Curson. Several years later in July 1892 a fire that started in Dead Cat Alley behind the Opera House destroyed much of what is now the Downtown Woodland Historic District, including the Opera House. There was uncertainty whether the House would be rebuilt when a locally renown businessman, David N. Hershey, purchased the site. Other local businessmen supported the project in addition to Hershey. The Opera House was rebuilt between 1895 and 1896 by local contractor William H. Winne at the cost of $8,990. Many of the materials from the original building were used including some of the partially standing walls.
By 1913 over 300 touring companies had appeared on its stage, and the Woodland Opera House was becoming an entertainment center for the region. However, a lawsuit originating from 1912 when an event attendee mistook a loading door for an exit and fell three feet breaking their arm mixed with declining ticket sales due to the rise of the motion picture closed the theater down in 1913.
A new beginning.
The Opera house remained closed and unused for almost sixty years until 1971 when it was purchased by the Yolo County Historical Society, for a sum of $12,000. After many local fund drives, donations, and monies from several different government agencies including the City of Woodland, restoration of the building began. Declared a state historic park in 1976, the building was later deeded to the State of California in 1980. The Opera House reopened in 1989 after a $2,000,000 restoration project. Extensive work was still done over the next nine years. Gary Worth, an architect from Woodland, oversaw the work and Brocchini & Associates of Oakland provided most of the materials for the restoration of the theater including antique wallpaper, lighting, and paint colors. 
In the restoration the building was made structurally safe and "earthquake proofed". Central heat and air-conditioning, a sprinkler and alarm system, and handicap access were added. An annex was constructed for storage of mechanical equipment, as well as for administrative office space, a gift counter, the Mid Level Lounge, and a rooftop exterior deck. The interior restoration effort received an Award of Merit from the California Preservation Foundation and a Citation Award from the League of Historic American Theaters.
In 1990 with the help of Woodland Rotary Club, the south side grassy "Rotary Court" was added to the existing outdoor plaza, named Intermission Garden. The Intermission Garden's brick marquee and entrance sign was designed by Brocchini & Associates and was added the same year.
Architectural design.
The present Opera House is a simple, two-story, red brick structure. The structure is approximately 104 feet long by 60 feet wide; and its walls are 20 inches thick. A stage house on top of the north end of the Opera House (destroyed by fire in the 1930s) rose to a height of 60 feet above the street level. The building partially shares a common wall with the building on its western side
Its interior is an example of 19th-century American Playhouses. The layout of the stage is a typical proscenium arch. It combines the horseshoe balcony with an uninterrupted semi-circular seating arrangement and large orchestra seating area like the common theme in Italian Renaissance-Revival Theaters.
Productions.
The Opera House holds mainstage subscriber productions from September to June. The theatre also has a summer youth theatre camp in August of each year and a Young People's Theatre Program that runs throughout the year. Along with many concerts throughout the year. Each production runs from 2 to 5 weekends. The theatre also works with the Yolo County Office of Education to provide very low ticket prices for students for school day performances of plays that are currently running.
Some notable performers on the WOH stage in the late 19th and early 20th century include Nance O'Neil, James A. Herne, Harry Davenport Madame Helena Modjeska, John Philip Sousa and his band, comics Weber and Fields, George M. Cohan's troupe, "Gentleman Jim" Corbett, John L. Sullivan as well as rising motion picture stars Sydney Greenstreet, Walter Huston and Verna Felton.
In addition to play and drama productions, the Opera House is also used for a variety of music performances, comedians, and in rare cases even weddings.

</doc>
<doc id="20338073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338073" title="1969 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1969 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1969 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1969-1970. The Buckeyes compiled a 8–1 record.

</doc>
<doc id="20338097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338097" title="Jim Wilson (Oklahoma politician)">
Jim Wilson (Oklahoma politician)

Jim Wilson was an Oklahoma Senator from District 3, which includes Adair, Cherokee and Sequoyah counties, from 2004 to 2012. He earlier was a member of the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 2000 through 2004. He ran unsuccessfully against Democratic Incumbent US Rep. Dan Boren in Oklahoma's 2nd Congressional District in the July 27th Democratic primary.
Legislative record.
Wilson introduced SB 393 and SB 394 in January 2011; these would make several changes to homeschooling in the state, including making homeschool students subject to truancy laws; these proposed laws are being opposed as an "attack on homeschooling". In response to a bill granting full rights of personhood to fertilized eggs, Wilson introduced an unsuccessful amendment which would have made the fathers of the embryos responsible for the housing, transportation, nourishment and healthcare of the mother during the pregnancy.

</doc>
<doc id="20338125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338125" title="Dismutase">
Dismutase

A dismutase is an enzyme that catalyzes a dismutation reaction.

</doc>
<doc id="20338131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338131" title="Russian Mineralogical Society">
Russian Mineralogical Society

The Russian Mineralogical Society (RMS) is a public scientific organization uniting specialists and scientific groups working in the field of mineralogy and adjacent sciences. RMS was founded in 1817 Saint Petersburg, Russia, and is the world oldest mineralogical society among present. From 1869 till nowadays its residence is the Saint Petersburg Mining Institute.
RMS represents the Russian Federation with regard to the science of mineralogy in any international context. RMS is a member and one of the establishers (Madrid, 8 April 1958) of the International Mineralogical Association.
Membership.
Membership in the Society is open to any person interested in mineralogy and related sciences regardless of residence or citizenship.
Annual Meeting.
The RMS organizes general meetings every 4 years and also annual scientific sessions.

</doc>
<doc id="20338155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338155" title="YouTube Live">
YouTube Live

YouTube Live was a 2008 event streamed live on the Internet from San Francisco and Tokyo. It was hosted by a variety of YouTube celebrities, including The Black Eyed Peas rapper will.i.am, Tom Dickson of Will It Blend, Michael Buckley, The Happy Tree Friends, Fred, Smosh, Esmée Denters and singer Katy Perry, among others. On April 8, 2011, The channel was closed, effectively removing all videos. It was replaced by the YouTube live section page.
Jordanian Queen Rania was also honored at the event with the first ever YouTube Visionary Award for her efforts to combat stereotypes and misconceptions associated with Arabs and Muslims. With over 3 million views, Queen Rania created her own channel on YouTube in March 2008 to start an international conversation, which she called "unscripted, unedited and unfiltered".
As a sponsor for the event, Flip Video gave away a free Flip Video Mino to many of the audience members to record any of the event. A station to upload videos to YouTube from the Mino was also provided, and promoted, in sponsorship of Flip.
The event was meant to be an annual show, as referenced by Katy Perry at the beginning; however, it remains the only event to date.
Special guests and performers for YouTube Live San Francisco.
This is a list of special guests and performers in order of appearance, who include:
Visionary Award.
In 2008, YouTube honored Queen Rania of Jordan with the inaugural YouTube Visionary Award. Presenting the award, San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom explained the honor as for her "use of technology to instigate social change". The Queen accepted the award via taped message where she spoofed US comedian David Letterman by copying his Top 10 format in a humorous clip where she explained why she started her channel on YouTube.
The Queen had launched her channel in March 2008 to break down stereotypes about the Arab and Muslim worlds.

</doc>
<doc id="20338159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338159" title="Mears Memorial Bridge">
Mears Memorial Bridge

The Mears Memorial Bridge is a truss bridge of the Alaska Railroad, completed in 1923. The bridge spans the Tanana River at Nenana and at , it is among the largest simple truss-type bridges in the world.
History.
The bridge’s namesake, Colonel Frederick Mears, was chairman and chief engineer of the Alaska Engineering Commission, the railroad’s builder and original operator. 
The bridge was the final link in the railroad, entering service in February 1923, a year after the rest of the line was finished. The AEC hired the Chicago firm of Ralph Modjeski and Angier to design the bridge, and the American Bridge Company to fabricate and erect it. When completed, this Pennsylvania through-truss bridge was the longest truss span in the United States and its territories. 
This bridge still ranks as the longest span of any kind in Alaska and the third-longest simple truss bridge in North America. The Juneau-Douglas Bridge main span across Gastineau Channel at Juneau ranks second at .
President Warren G. Harding traveled to Alaska to drive the ceremonial golden spike at the north end of the bridge in July 1923. It was one of Harding’s last public appearances prior to his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20338228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338228" title="Party Hats">
Party Hats

Party Hats is a jazz studio album by Will Bernard recorded in 2006 and released in 2007. "Party Hats" received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Contemporary Jazz Album of 2007. The album gave Bernard more visibility as a jazz guitarist.

</doc>
<doc id="20338253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338253" title="KKIA (FM)">
KKIA (FM)

KKIA is an FM radio station in Storm Lake, Iowa, operating at 92.9 MHz with a power of 25,000 watts. The station's city of license is Ida Grove, Iowa, where it originally was KIDA. In 1999, the station was purchased by John Eisert. The studios were moved to Storm Lake and the call letters changed to KKIA. The country format continued, with the slogan "Wild Country--the Moose."
KKIA is now owned by Jim Dandy Broadcasting and operated by NRG Media. It is located in downtown Storm Lake with co-owned stations KAYL 990 AM and KAYL-FM 101.7 FM.
KKIA "The Moose" broadcasts country music 24 hours a day, along with local news updates seven times a day, hourly market updates, and local sports play-by-play.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20338267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338267" title="Dear Diary (FM Static album)">
Dear Diary (FM Static album)

Dear Diary is a Christian rock opera, and the third studio album by the pop punk band FM Static. It was released on April 7, 2009 through Tooth & Nail Records.
According to Trevor McNevan "It's a concept record, the entire album will be one story from beginning to end. It's based on a boy (and occasionally a girl) and their diary entries about what's going on in their lives. It deals with faith, doubt, love, death, and the honest questions that surround living and growing up in modern day culture. We're very pumped about this record and are excited to share it with you." The cover art was drawn by Worth Dying For guitarist Nathan Parrish.
Track listing.
Prior to the album's release, the songs "Boy Moves to a New Town With Optimistic Outlook", "The Unavoidable Battle of Feeling on the Outside", and "Take Me As I Am" were released on the band's MySpace page.

</doc>
<doc id="20338276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338276" title="T21">
T21

T21, T.21 or T-21 may refer to :
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="20338289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338289" title="Obusier de 15 cm Valée">
Obusier de 15 cm Valée

The Obusier de 15 cm Valée, was a French Artillery 6-inches howitzer belonging to the Valée system (French:"Système Valée") of artillery developed between 1825 to 1831 by the French artillery officer Sylvain Charles Valée.
Specifications.
The Valée system consisted in various technical improvements to the Gribeauval system. The system mainly improved the mobility of the artillery train, and simplified maintenance by standardizing limber usage and wheel size, and reducing the number of carriage types to two. It also allowed for cannoniers to be able to sit on the ammunition chests of the battery itself during transportation, allowing the whole artillery train to move as fast as the infantry or cavalry.
Valée also improved the guns themselves slightly, by making them lighter, and with a longer range.
The complete Valée system consisted in siege guns of 24 and 16 inches, and field guns of 12 and 8 inches. It also included field howitzers of 24 and 6 inches, and a siege howitzer of 8 inches. Mountain artillery pieces were of 12 inches caliber. Mortars were of 12, 10 and 8 inches, with a 15 inches stone mortar.
Deployment.
French artillery would be reorganized along the Valee system in 1827. The "Valée system" would be used at the Capture of Alger (1830) and the Fall of Constantine (1837), as well as during the Crimea War (1853-1856).
An American version of the Valee system was also developed. Some pieces are visible at the Concord Battery, Concord, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="20338299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338299" title="George Sugihara">
George Sugihara

George Sugihara is a theoretical biologist who has worked across a wide variety of fields, including landscape ecology, algebraic topology, algal physiology and paleoecology, neurobiology, atmospheric science, fisheries science, and quantitative finance. He is the inaugural holder of the McQuown Chair in Natural Science at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography.
Most of his early work was motivated exclusively by pure science, and the later work more by pragmatic utility and environmental concerns. Nearly all of it is based on extracting information from observational data (turning data into information). His initial work on fisheries as complex, chaotic systems led to work on financial networks and prediction of chaotic systems.
He is one of 18 members of the National Academies Board on Mathematical Sciences and their Applications, and was a Managing Director at Deutsche Bank. He helped found Prediction Company (sold to UBS) and Quantitative Advisors LLC. He has been a consultant to the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and to The Federal Reserve System on questions of international security: systemic risk in the financial sector.
Other notable research relates some of his early work on topology and assembly in ecological systems to recent work on social systems and work on generic early warning signs of critical transitions that apply across many apparently different classes of systems.
Biography.
He has been a visiting professor at Cornell University, Imperial College London, Kyoto University and the Tokyo Institute of Technology. He held the John Dove Isaacs Chair in Natural Philosophy from 1990 to 1995, and was a visiting fellow at Merton College, Oxford University, in 2002. He is recipient of several national and international awards, and is currently a member of the National Academy of Sciences Board on Mathematical Sciences and its Applications, a National Research Council advisory board that advises government agencies and guides the nation’s mathematics agenda to better serve national needs.
Research interests.
His research interests include complexity theory, nonlinear dynamics, food web structure, species abundance patterns, conservation biology, biological control, empirical climate modelling, fisheries forecasting, and the design and implementation of derivatives markets for fisheries.
One of his most interdisciplinary contributions involves the work he developed with Robert May concerning methods for forecasting nonlinear and chaotic systems. This took him into the arena of investment banking, where he took a five-year leave from academe to become Managing Director for Deutsche Bank. There he made a successful application of these theoretical methods to forecast erratic market behavior.
Awards and honors.
Sugihara is also the recipient of various international awards. Recently he was a Visiting Research Fellow at Merton College, Oxford and is currently appointed to the National Academies Board on Mathematical Sciences and its Applications

</doc>
<doc id="20338353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338353" title="Wanko to Kurasō">
Wanko to Kurasō

Despite being less popular than other, well-known visual-novels, Wanko to Kurasou proved popular enough to have an English translation completed on November 20, 2008.
Plot.
It is set in Japan, in a world parallel to reality, with the exception being that there exist a variety of pets known as Anthropoid animals. These pets include cats, dogs and birds, though birds never make appearances in the game. They have human form (ears and tails seem to be the only outward changes in appearance,) show some intelligence, and are even allowed to hold special jobs. However, they still retain much of their animal instincts, most notably the urge to mate during the Spring and Fall seasons.
The game has two routes, each focusing primarily on one or two characters: The Nadeshiko route, and the Risa route. Both routes, however, included development of other characters.
The Nadeshiko route revolves around the owner of a nearby pet-store, Nadeshiko, and her pet anthropoid dog, Kotarou. This route was translated before the Risa route, despite the lower popularity of Nadeshiko, possibly because of the greater amount of ero-scenes in her route. Yuuichi eventually ends up in a relationship with Nadeshiko, but is unable to ultimately commit.
The Risa route revolves more primarily around Risa, Mikan and Silvie, showing more character development, most notably with Risa.
Reception.
Wanko to Kurasou is fairly popular amongst the English-speaking community as an eroge visual novel. The art is generally accepted as being of high-quality, but the storyline is sometimes dismissed as being one-dimensional.

</doc>
<doc id="20338364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338364" title="Kenneth Judson Cochrane">
Kenneth Judson Cochrane

Kenneth Judson Cochrane (4 August 1896 – 25 January 1982) was a shipbuilder, lumber merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cumberland in the Canadian House of Commons from 1935 to 1940 as a Liberal member and represented Cumberland in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1941 to 1949 as a Liberal.
He was born in Fox River, Nova Scotia, the son of George Melville Cochrane and Sarah Soley. He was educated at the Ontario Business College in Belleville. He worked for the Canadian Bank of Commerce and as an engineer for the Nova Scotia Department of Highways. In 1917, he married Gwendolyn E. Kerr. Cochrane also served as a member of the municipal council for Port Greville in 1918. He was defeated by Percy Chapman Black when he ran for reelection to the federal seat in 1940. Cochrane served as a lieutenant in the reserves from 1943 to 1944. He died at a Truro, Nova Scotia hospital in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20338375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338375" title="1987 Wellington 500">
1987 Wellington 500

The 1987 Nissan Mobil 500 was the tenth round of the inaugural World Touring Car Championship. The race was held for cars eligible for Group A touring car regulations. It was held on October 26, 1987 at the Wellington Street Circuit in the docks area of Wellington, New Zealand.
Official results.
Italics indicate driver practiced this car but did not race.

</doc>
<doc id="20338390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338390" title="Irolita">
Irolita

Irolita is a genus of softnose skates, family Rajidae, commonly known as the round skates. There are two species, both endemic to Australia, found over soft bottoms on the outer continental shelves and upper continental slopes, at depths of 50-200 m for the southern round skate and 142-209 m for the western round skate. The distributions of the two species do not overlap.
Both species are unique amongst Australian skates in having a smooth, almost circular heart-shaped pectoral fin disc. The head is short, with a small fleshy process at the tip of the snout and large spiracles behind the eyes. The nasal flaps are merged into a well-developed, bilobed nasal curtain forward of the mouth. The jaws are slightly arched with the upper teeth exposed. The teeth are sexually dimorphic; those of adult males are spear-shaped with long, sharp cusps, while those of females and juveniles are plate-like with short posterior cusps. The pelvic fins are deeply incised, with the anterior lobe moderately long and slender and the posterior lobe broadly rounded. The tail is narrow, tapering gradually to a very slender tip and bearing two small dorsal fins near the end. The caudal fin is reduced to minute lobes. Males have alar thorns near the pectoral fin tips and the tail is covered with irregular rows of small recurved thorns.

</doc>
<doc id="20338402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338402" title="Trade Commissioner Service">
Trade Commissioner Service

<noinclude>
Part of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development Canada, the Canadian Trade Commissioner Service (TCS) is a network of more than 1000 trade professionals working in Canadian embassies, high commissions, and consulates located in 150 cities around the world and with offices across Canada.
Role.
The Trade Commissioner Services helps companies that are looking to export, invest abroad, attract investment abroad or develop innovation and R&D partnerships. They provide advice on marketing strategies and up to date market and sector information to help smooth a Canadian company's path to doing business abroad.
Services for Canadian Businesses.
The Canadian Trade Commissioner Service offers four key services which are designed to support the growth of Canadian companies internationally.
The four key services are:
Services for Non-Canadian Businesses.
The Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade also offers assistance to foreign companies interested in doing business in Canada. The Invest in Canada bureau is tasked with promoting, attracting and retaining foreign direct investment in Canada.
History.
Created in 1894, the Canadian Trade Commissioner Service (TCS) has 120 years of experience helping Canadian companies succeed in foreign markets by promoting the economic interests of Canada in the global marketplace.
Since Canada's first Trade Commissioner's posting to Australia in 1895, the role of the TCS has become increasingly critical and of higher value within an ever evolving global economy. Canada's active and successful participation in the global economy impacts all Canadians. Consider that a fifth of all jobs in this country are directly linked to international trade and half of what we manufacture in Canada is exported.

</doc>
<doc id="20338418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338418" title="Walter Schmidt (SS officer)">
Walter Schmidt (SS officer)

Walter Schmidt (28 January 1917 – 28 July 2000) was an "Obersturmbannführer" (Lieutenant Colonel) in the "Waffen SS" during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak leaves, an award that recognized extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Walter Schmidt joined the SS in 1935 (SS-Nr. 311 100) and was posted to the III. Battalion, SS Standarte "Germania". He was later selected to become an officer, attending the "SS-Junkerschule" at Bad Tölz. Upon graduation he was promoted to "Untersturmführer" (Second Lieutenant). He returned to the "Germania" as a platoon commander in the 4th Company, in time for the Polish Campaign. After that campaign he was given command of the "Panzerspähzuges" (Armoured car platoon) in the SS-VT Division, serving with them over the Battle of France.
In June 1941 he was posted to the "Wiking" Division, and took part in the invasion of Russia, Operation Barbarossa. On 9 April he was awarded the German Cross in Gold and was given command of the III. Battalion, "Westland", "SS Wiking".
Schmidt was awarded the Knight's Cross for his battalion's successful defense in the Izium sector. He then led his battalion out of the Cherkassy pocket, for which he was promoted to "Hauptsturmführer" (Captain) and was awarded the Oak leaves to his Knight's Cross.
In November 1944 he was promoted again to "Sturmbannführer" (Major) and returned to the "SS-Junkerschule" in January 1945 as an instructor.
In March 1945, he was given command of the 96th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment, the 38th SS Division Nibelungen, which was formed from instructors and students from the "SS Junkerschule". The regiment surrendered to the American forces on the 8 May 1945.
Schmidt survived the war and died on the 28 July 2000 in his home town of Bremen, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20338423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338423" title="RPMforge">
RPMforge

RPMforge (now called Repoforge) is a repository of software packages for Red Hat Enterprise Linux and its derivatives like CentOS and Scientific Linux. It provides many packages in the rpm package format to these distributions.
RPMforge also had many RPM packages available for old products like Red Hat 8 after these products were no longer supported by their vendors. You can still use them with package management products like "apt-get", "yum" as up2date does not work any more due to expired SSL keys.
More information about rpmforge can be found at: http://wiki.centos.org/AdditionalResources/Repositories/RPMForge [http://wiki.centos.org/AdditionalResources/Repositories/RPMForge]

</doc>
<doc id="20338452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338452" title="Cowden Lake">
Cowden Lake

Cowden Lake is a 111 acre (surface area) public lake located in Montcalm County, Michigan, east of the town of Coral. Residents with homes on Cowden Lake represent a mix of permanent residents and Michigan summer vacationers. Like many public lakes in Michigan, waterskiing, tubing (recreation), full-contact tubing, king of the raft, and games of Coast Guard are popular between late-Spring and early-Fall.

</doc>
<doc id="20338456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338456" title="UK R&amp;B Chart">
UK R&amp;B Chart

The Official UK R&B Chart (also known as the Top 40 RnB Singles and the Top 40 RnB Albums, or simply the UK Urban Chart) is a forty-position R&B/Hip-Hop chart compiled by the Official Charts Company. Although the chart does not receive any airplay, its compilation is viewed on BBC Radio 1's website and publications such as "ChartsPlus" and "Music Week". The UK R&B chart is also shown regularly on music channels including Kiss, Viva UK, MTV Base and MTV Hits. Additionally the channels regularly use The Official UK R&B Download Chart, which is shown on 4Music. An albums chart is also compiled and shown on the BBC Radio 1 website. Criteria for inclusion in the chart is unclear, since it does not necessarily rely upon the positions of R&B and hip-hop songs on the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20338464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338464" title="Pah Tum">
Pah Tum

Pah Tum is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Mesopotamia and Assyria. Ancient boards have been found at dig sites. The game is at least 3,800 years old (1800 B.C.) making it one of the oldest board games in history. A board made of ivory was discovered in the tomb of Reny-Seneb, XII dynasty, and dated at around 1800 BC. The board is a 7x7 square board. An odd number of squares are randomly closed off for play. These squares are called "black holes". Players alternate turns placing their pieces on the remaining squares attempting to create as many lines horizontally or vertically. The lines must be at least 3 squares long to score any points. The longer the line, the more points are scored for that line. The winner is the player with the most points.
Pah Tum is an alignment game distantly related to Go Moku and Dara. Pah Tum may be considered a game isolate.
Goal.
The player who has the most points after scoring all their lines is the winner. If both players have an equal number of points, then the game is a draw.
Equipment.
A 7x7 square board is used. Each player has 24 pieces. One plays the black pieces, and the other plays the white pieces. Not all 24 pieces may be used by each player during the game.
Gameplay and rules.
1. An odd number of squares on the board are to be randomly closed off for play. No pieces can be placed on these black holes. Players decide the number of black holes, and then decide randomly which of the squares on the board will be the black holes. Usually, the number of black holes will be either 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, or 13. Marking a big "X" to denote the black hole squares on the board will suffice. The other remaining squares are available for play. 
2. Players decide who will play the black pieces, and who will play the white pieces. They also decide who will move first.
3. Players alternate their turns. 
4. On a player's turn, one piece may be placed on any vacant available square on the board. Players attempt to form (straight) lines (horizontal or vertical) with their pieces according to the following scoring system:
Therefore, a line must be at least 3 pieces long to score any points. The lines must contain only pieces of the same color and no black holes.
Note that a piece can be part of a horizontal line and a vertical line at the same time, and therefore, be counted twice when scoring. 
5. When all the available squares have been filled, the game ends. Players tally up the points from the lines they formed. The winner is the one with more points. If both players have an equal number of points, the game is a draw. 
6. Pie Rule (Optional): The first player may have an advantage in this game. Therefore an optional "Pie Rule" is applied. The rule states that if the first player's first move is too strong or advantageous, then the second player can decide to swap sides. This prevent the first player from performing a strong first move, and opt instead for a move that is fair for both players.
Analysis.
An odd number of black holes are needed in order to ensure an even number of available squares for play, which means that each player will be able to place an equal number of their own pieces on the board which makes it a fair game.
The formula for the scoring system can be described as the following: 
Related games.
Go Moku, Dara, Tic-tac-toe,

</doc>
<doc id="20338496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338496" title="George Y. Thomas">
George Y. Thomas

George Yuill Thomas (September 9, 1882 – May 11, 1940) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Colchester in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1933 to 1940 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Truro, Nova Scotia, the son of David John Thomas, an immigrant from Wales, and Eavena Crowe. In 1909, he married Ethel Norris. He served as mayor of Truro from 1930 to 1936 (possibly later). He sold books, stationery and office supplies. Thomas was also president of the Truro Board of Trade. He died in office at Truro at the age of 57.

</doc>
<doc id="20338498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338498" title="Aerial reconnaissance">
Aerial reconnaissance

Aerial reconnaissance is reconnaissance for a military or strategic purpose that is conducted using reconnaissance aircraft. This role can fulfil a variety of requirements, including the collection of imagery intelligence, observation of enemy maneouvres and artillery spotting.
History.
Early developments.
After the French Revolution, the new rulers became interested in using the balloon to observe enemy manoeuvres and appointed scientist Charles Coutelle to conduct studies using the balloon "L'Entreprenant", the first military reconnaissance aircraft. The balloon found its first use in the , where in the Battle of Fleurus they gathered information. Moreover, the presence of the balloon had a demoralizing effect on the Austrian troops which improved the likelihood of victory for the French troops.
After the invention of photography, primitive aerial photographs were made of the ground from manned and unmanned balloons, starting in the 1860s, and from tethered kites from the 1880s onwards. An example was Arthur Batut's kite-borne camera photographs of Labruguière starting from 1889.
In the early 20th century, Julius Neubronner experimented with pigeon photography.
The pigeons carried small cameras with timers.
Ludwig Rahrmann in 1891 patented a means of attaching a camera to a large calibre artillery projectile or rocket, and this inspired Alfred Maul to develop his Maul Camera Rockets starting in 1903. Alfred Nobel in 1896 had already built the first rocket carrying a camera, which took photographs of the Swedish landscape during its flights. Maul improved his camera rockets and the Austrian Army even tested them in the Turkish-Bulgarian War in 1912 and 1913, but by then and from that time on camera-carrying aircraft were found to be superior.
The first use of airplanes in combat missions was by the Italian Air Force during the Italo-Turkish War of 1911-1912. On 23 October 1911, an Italian pilot flew over the Turkish lines in Libya to conduct history's first aerial reconnaissance mission, and on 1 November 1911, the first ever aerial bomb was dropped on the Turkish troops in Libya.
On 16 October 1912 a Bulgarian Albatros aircraft was used to perform Europe's first reconnaissance flight in combat conditions, against the Turkish lines on the Balkan peninsula, during the Balkan Wars of 1912-1913.
Maturation during WWI.
The use of aerial photography rapidly matured during the First World War, as aircraft used for reconnaissance purposes were outfitted with cameras to record enemy movements and defences. At the start of the conflict, the usefulness of aerial photography was not fully appreciated, with reconnaissance being accomplished with map sketching from the air. 
Frederick Charles Victor Laws initiated an aerial photography capability in 1912 for the 1st Airship Squadron and he began experimenting with aerial photographs from the British dirigible airship "Beta". He discovered that vertical photos taken with 60% overlap could be used to create a stereoscopic effect when viewed in a stereoscope, thus creating a perception of depth that could aid in cartography and in intelligence derived from aerial images. The dirigibles were eventually allocated to the Royal Navy, so Laws formed the first aerial reconnaissance unit of fixed-wing aircraft; this became No. 3 Squadron RAF.
Germany was one of the first countries to adopt the use of a camera for aerial reconnaissance, opting for a Görz, in 1913. French Military Aviation began the war with several squadrons of Bleriot observation planes, equipped with cameras for reconnaissance. The French Army developed procedures for getting prints into the hands of field commanders in record time.
The Royal Flying Corps recon pilots began to use cameras for recording their observations in 1914 and by the Battle of Neuve Chapelle in 1915, the entire system of German trenches was being photographed. The first purpose-built and practical aerial camera was invented by Captain John Moore-Brabazon in 1915 with the help of the Thornton-Pickard company, greatly enhancing the efficiency of aerial photography. The camera was inserted into the floor of the aircraft and could be triggered by the pilot at intervals.
Moore-Brabazon also pioneered the incorporation of stereoscopic techniques into aerial photography, allowing the height of objects on the landscape to be discerned by comparing photographs taken at different angles. In 1916, the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy made vertical camera axis aerial photos above Italy for map-making.
By the end of the war, aerial cameras had dramatically increased in size and focal power and were used increasingly frequently as they proved their pivotal military worth; by 1918 both sides were photographing the entire front twice a day and had taken over half a million photos since the beginning of the conflict.
In January 1918, General Allenby used five Australian pilots from No. 1 Squadron AFC to photograph a area in Palestine as an aid to correcting and improving maps of the Turkish front. This was a pioneering use of aerial photography as an aid for cartography. Lieutenants Leonard Taplin, Allan Runciman Brown, H. L. Fraser, Edward Patrick Kenny, and L. W. Rogers photographed a block of land stretching from the Turkish front lines deep into their rear areas. Beginning 5 January, they flew with a fighter escort to ward off enemy fighters. Using Royal Aircraft Factory BE.12 and Martinsyde airplanes, they not only overcame enemy air attacks, but also bucked 65 mile per hour winds, antiaircraft fire, and malfunctioning equipment to complete their task circa 19 January 1918.
World War II.
High-speed reconnaissance aircraft.
In 1928, the RAF developed an electric heating system for the aerial camera. This allowed reconnaissance aircraft to take pictures from very high altitudes without the camera parts freezing. In 1939 Sidney Cotton and Flying Officer Maurice Longbottom of the RAF suggested that airborne reconnaissance may be a task better suited to fast, small aircraft which would use their speed and high service ceiling to avoid detection and interception. Although this seems obvious now, with modern reconnaissance tasks performed by fast, high flying aircraft, at the time it was radical thinking.
They proposed the use of Spitfires with their armament and radios removed and replaced with extra fuel and cameras. This led to the development of the Spitfire PR variants. These planes had a maximum speed of 396 mph at 30,000 feet with their armaments removed, and were used for photo-reconnaissance missions. The aircraft were fitted with five cameras which were heated to ensure good results (while the cockpit was not). Spitfires proved to be extremely successful in their reconnaissance role and there were many variants built specifically for that purpose. They served initially with what later became No. 1 Photographic Reconnaissance Unit (PRU).
Other fighters were also adapted for photo-reconnaissance, including the British Mosquito and the American P-38 Lightning and P-51 Mustang. Such craft were stripped of weaponry, painted in sky camouflage colours to make them difficult to spot in the air, and often had engines modified for higher performance at very high altitudes (well over 40,000 feet).
The American F-4, a factory modification of the P-38 Lightning, replaced the four guns and cannon with four high-quality K-17 cameras. Some 120 F-4 and F-4As were hurriedly made available by March 1942, reaching the 8th Photographic Squadron in Australia by April (the first P-38s to see action). The F-4 had an early advantage of long range and high speed combined with the ability to fly at high altitude; a potent combination for reconnaissance. In the last half of 1942, Lockheed would produce 96 F-5As, based on the P-38G. The Lightning in its reconnaissance role was so well liked by military strategists that hundreds of gun-equipped P-38s were field modified into camera-toting F-5 variants. Later in the war, the Mustang F-6 arrived, eventually becoming the dominant reconnaissance model flown by the US in Europe. US photo-reconnaissance operations in Europe were based at RAF Mount Farm, with the resulting photographs being transferred to Medmenham for interpretation.
However it was the RAF's Mosquito that excelled in the photo-reconnaissance role, the converted bomber being given three cameras installed in what had been the bomb bay. It had a cruising speed of 255mph, maximum of 362mph and a maximum altitude of 35,000ft. The first converted PRU (Photo-Reconnaissance Unit) Mosquito was delivered to RAF Benson in July 1941 by Geoffrey de Havilland himself. Thereafter, the Mosquito was faster than most fighters above 40,000 ft, and could roam almost anywhere. Colonel Roy M. Stanley II, USAF (RET) wrote; "I consider the Mosquito the best photo reconnaissance aircraft of the war". The US designation for the photo-reconnaissance Mosquito was F-8. Approximately 15,000 Fairchild K-20 aerial cameras were manufactured between 1941 and 1945.
The Japanese Mitsubishi Ki-46, a purpose-built twin-engined reconnaissance aircraft armed with only one light gun, entered service in 1941.
Imagery analysis.
The collection and interpretation of aerial reconnaissance intelligence became a considerable enterprise during the war. Beginning in 1941, RAF Medmenham was the main interpretation centre for photographic reconnaissance operations in the European and Mediterranean theatres. The "Central Interpretation Unit" (CIU) was later amalgamated with the Bomber Command Damage Assessment Section and the Night Photographic Interpretation Section of No 3 Photographic Reconnaissance Unit, RAF Oakington, in 1942.
During 1942 and 1943, the CIU gradually expanded and was involved in the planning stages of practically every operation of the war, and in every aspect of intelligence. In 1945, daily intake of material averaged 25,000 negatives and 60,000 prints. Thirty-six million prints were made during the war. By VE-day, the print library, which documented and stored worldwide cover, held 5,000,000 prints from which 40,000 reports had been produced.
American personnel had for some time formed an increasing part of the CIU and on 1 May 1944 this was finally recognised by changing the title of the unit to the "Allied Central Interpretation Unit" (ACIU). There were then over 1,700 personnel on the unit's strength. A large number of photographic interpreters were recruited from the Hollywood Film Studios including Xavier Atencio. Two renowned archaeologists also worked there as interpreters: Dorothy Garrod, the first woman to hold an Oxbridge Chair, and Glyn Daniel, who went on to gain popular acclaim as the host of the television game show "Animal, Vegetable or Mineral?".
Sidney Cotton's aerial photographs were far ahead of their time. Together with other members of his reconnaissance squadron, he pioneered the technique of high-altitude, high-speed photography that was instrumental in revealing the locations of many crucial military and intelligence targets. Cotton also worked on ideas such as a prototype specialist reconnaissance aircraft and further refinements of photographic equipment. At its peak, British reconnaissance flights yielded 50,000 images per day to interpret.
Of particular significance in the success of the work of Medmenham was the use of stereoscopic images, using a between plate overlap of exactly 60%. Despite initial scepticism about the possibility of the German rocket technology, major operations, including the 1943 offensives against the V-2 rocket development plant at Peenemünde, where made possible by painstaking work carried out at Medmenham. Later offensives were also made against potential launch sites at Wizernes and 96 other launch sites in northern France.
It is claimed that Medmanham's greatest operational success was "Operation Crossbow" which, from 23 December 1943, destroyed the V-1 infrastructure in northern France. According to R.V. Jones, photographs were used to establish the size and the characteristic launching mechanisms for both the V-1 flying bomb and the V-2 rocket.
Cold War.
Immediately after World War II, long range aerial reconnaissance was taken up by adapted jet bombers – such as the English Electric Canberra, and its American development, the Martin B-57 – capable of flying higher or faster than the enemy. After the Korean War, RB-47 aircraft were used. These were at first converted B-47 jet bombers, but later these were purposely built RB-47 reconnaissance planes. They did not carry any bombs. They had large cameras mounted in the belly of the plane, and with a truncated bomb bay used for carrying photo-flash bombs.
The onset of the Cold War led the development of highly specialized and secretive strategic reconnaissance aircraft, or spy planes, such as the Lockheed U-2 and its successor, the SR-71 Blackbird (both from the United States). Flying these aircraft became an exceptionally demanding task, as much because of the aircraft's extreme speed and altitude as it was because of the risk of being captured as spies. As a result, the crews of these aircraft were invariably specially selected and trained.
There are claims that the US constructed a hypersonic reconnaissance aircraft, dubbed the Aurora, in the late 1980s to replace the Blackbird.
Since the early 1960s, in the United States aerial and satellite reconnaissance has been coordinated by the National Reconnaissance Office.
Modern technology.
Miniature UAVs.
Due to the low cost of miniature UAVs, this technology brings aerial reconnaissance into the hands of soldiers on the ground. The soldier on the ground can both control the UAV and see its output, yielding great benefit over a disconnected approach. With small systems being man packable, operators are now able to deploy air assets quickly and directly. The low cost and ease of operation of these miniature UAVs has enabled forces such as the Libyan Rebels to use miniature UAVs. 
Reconnaissance pods.
Reconnaissance pods can be carried by fighter-bomber aircraft. Examples include the British DJRP; Chinese KZ900; UK RAPTOR; and the US Navy's F-14 Tomcat TARPS. Some aircraft made for non-military applications also have reconnaissance pods, i.e. the Qinetiq Mercator

</doc>
<doc id="20338509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338509" title="Blue Plate Special (album)">
Blue Plate Special (album)

Blue Plate Special is a jazz studio album by Will Bernard recorded and released in 2008. The recording includes jazz-funk musicians Will Bernard on guitar, Stanton Moore (of Galactic) on drums, John Medeski (of Medeski, Martin and Wood) on keyboards and Andy Hess (of Gov't Mule) on bass.

</doc>
<doc id="20338516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338516" title="Leinster League">
Leinster League

The Leinster League is the second tier of rugby in Leinster, behind the Leinster Senior League. It was previously known as the RE/MAX Leinster League and consists of three divisions.
History.
In the 1993/1994 season, qualifying matches were held for each of the three divisions through which eleven clubs qualified for each division.
Leinster League Division 1 B 2012-13.
Leinster League Division 2A
Leinster League 2B
Leinster League 3

</doc>
<doc id="20338576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338576" title="Ask Any Girl (film)">
Ask Any Girl (film)

Ask Any Girl is a 1959 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer romantic comedy film starring David Niven, Shirley MacLaine and Gig Young.
Plot.
A wide-eyed Meg Wheeler comes to New York City and takes a job in market research for a large firm. She's also keeping an eye open to meet the right man, her research making her aware that the United States has five million more females than males.
Upon meeting two clients, the reserved and somewhat stodgy Miles Doughton and his playboy younger brother Evan, it doesn't take long for Meg to realize she's romantically interested in Evan.
Miles is willing to help. He has seen so many of his brother's conquests come and go that he knows what Evan likes in a girl. Therefore, in a Pygmalion-like way, he sets out to transform Meg into exactly that kind of girl. What she doesn't know is that Miles secretly comes to want her for himself.
Reception.
According to MGM records, the film earned $2,075,000 in the US and Canada and $1,400,000 elsewhere, turning a profit for the studio of $505,000.
Awards and nominations.
Shirley Maclaine won the 1959 BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actress, and also the Silver Bear for Best Actress at the 9th Berlin International Film Festival. She was also nominated for a Golden Globe, losing out to Marilyn Monroe in "Some Like It Hot".
Rod Taylor's performance was much admired and helped lead to his casting in "The Time Machine" (1960).

</doc>
<doc id="20338606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338606" title="Iuput I">
Iuput I

Iuput I was a Pharaoh of Ancient Egypt, who was a co-regent with king Pedubast I, near the beginning of the 23rd dynasty. The exact dates of his reign are unknown. It started possibly around 815 BC, or alternatively in the final couple of years of his father's reign; one authority provides the dates circa 816 to 800 BC. His highest date is a regnal year 12 found carved in an inscription on the roof of the Khonsu Temple at Karnak. A year 9 is also attested for him on the roof of the temple. Helen Jacquet-Gordon published a transcription Iuput I's Years 9 and 12 of the Khonsu temple graffito in a 2003 University of Chicago publication titled "The Graffiti on the Khonsu Temple Roof at Karnak: A Manifestation of Personal Piety", where it is named Graffito 244 and Graffito 245A-B.

</doc>
<doc id="20338634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338634" title="Mt St Mary's Mission School">
Mt St Mary's Mission School

Mt St Mary's Mission School is a secondary school with a related primary school branch in Wedza, Mashonaland East, Zimbabwe. The school is located at the foot of Mt Rusunzwe. The mission was established in 1954 by Father Beckenhoff, a German Jesuit who worked as a missionary in Wedza and other areas in Zimbabwe.
The primary school was established alongside the mission and a transition to a secondary school followed gradually. The Jesuits and later the Franciscans ran the mission from its inception to 1994 and passing it on to the Archdiosece of Harare under the control of Father William Makusha and subsequently Father Regis Chikuni and Father Chiduku
Mt St Mary's has been one of the more competitive schools from Wedza and was the second school in the district to introduce GCE Advanced level classes with the inception of Management of Business, Accounting and Geography classes in 2000. Classes have expanded to include English literature and science subjects.
Sports.
Athletics, football, netball, basketball and volleyball are the main sports played by the school. Their greatest accomplishment was winning the NASH Mashonaland East football tournament in 1989.
Notable Alumni.
General Constantine Chiwenga - Commander of the Zimbabwe Defence Forces 
Perrance Shiri - Air Marshall 
Dr Stephen Mahere - Education, Sport, Arts and Culture secretary
Louis Masakara - Rainbow Towers general manager 
Mrs Rosemary Goto - Hwedza South Member of the House of Assembly
Raymond Majongwe - Progressive Teachers Union of Zimbabwe secretary general
Primary School.
The primary school, also referred to as Chikohonono after the hill in its backdrop, serves the area surrounding the mission with day schooling services.

</doc>
<doc id="20338636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338636" title="Seavi Advent">
Seavi Advent

SEAVI Advent Private Equity (South East Asia Venture Investment) is among the oldest private equity and venture capital firms in Asia and the first to operate in Singapore. Since 1984, the firms has invested over US$500 million into more than 100 Asian companies, from early to late stage, as well as buyout and control transactions. SEAVI Advent is the Asian Affiliate of Advent International.
The firm has listed more than 40 companies on various stock exchanges, including more than 30 on the Singapore Exchange. Some of their more prominent investments include Venture Corporation, which is one of the most notable venture investments in Singapore, reportedly yielding the fund more than 10 times return. In recent years, they have also invested heavily into China and one of their most successful Chinese investments is Yangzijiang Shipbuilding, which was reported to have generated a return of more than 10 times over a period of less than 12 months.
SEAVI Advent has substantial investments in Greater China, led by its experienced deal team which includes Chen Jingwen and Li Deli.

</doc>
<doc id="20338638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338638" title="T59">
T59

T59, T.59 or T-59 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="20338644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338644" title="Six Magics">
Six Magics

Six magics is a Chilean metal group formed initially by Pablo Stagnaro, Erick Avila, Nicholas Espinoza, J.Pizarro and Sergio Villarroel. At first, Erick composed music and edited while J. Pablo wrote the lyrics. Their songs were originally all in Spanish, but they hoped to later write in English. After a year, they recorded four songs in their demo "Trilogy of Guerrero."
In 1998, J.Pablo decided to move the band to France. They brought on a new guitarist, Rodolfo Sanchez. In 1999, Sergio Domínguez entered as a new vocalist and Sebastián Carrasco entered as a keyboardist. With these changes, Six Magics began to compose the lyrics in English and worked to the goal of creating a professional album. While they were working in their first professional production, they were offered the opportunity to be the opening group for the Finn band Nightwish in July 2000. In 2001, they played as the opener for Italian band Rhapsody. In January 2001, after the completion of these tours, the band returned to the recording studio. They performed work with narrations and epic stories influenced by the Baroque and Classic romantic style.
At the beginning of 2002, two new members came to the band: Gabriel Hidalgo on guitar and Mauricio Nader on bass. With this new formation, the band enhanced its acoustic sound. They released their first album, "Dead Kings of the Unholy Valley", in July 2002. In 2003, they began to work on their second album, "The Secrets Of An Island." This was a conceptual work about the mythological history of Chiloé Island. The songs on this album used choirs, folk instruments, and was influenced by ethnic Chilean music. Six Magics started then and continued to mix ard rock with a Latin American traditional beat in a style called Folk Metal. Their concerts became larger and more decorated productions and began to attract larger audiences. At one point, singer Sergio Dóminguez fell ill and was temporarily replaced by Cristóbal Flores.
In 2004, the band flew to Germany, France, and Spain to promote their new albums and tour and is well received. Pianist Sebastián Carrasco left in 2005, and the band decided not to replace him and instead become a quintet. They then prepared a film of their work, entitled "Dead Secrets," to be shown at the Theater Province. The DVD was delayed due to technical difficulties and was not resolved until the end of the year, so instead of being shown at the theater was released straight to DVD.
In January 2007, Six Magics began work on their third album. The production is directed by the North American David Prater (Dream Theater, FireHouse, Fahrenheit). In May of the 2007, Sergio Domínguez decided to leave the band to spend more time with his family and his upcoming son.
On June 26, 2008, they released a single called "Behind the Sorrow" ahead of their third album, "Animal," which was released in August, on September they played with Tarja Turunen.
NEW:
After serving as the vanguard of the Chilean Metal scene for more than 13 years, Six Magics is without question one of the most important musical exports from this remarkable country. With an emphasis on building an international presence, their records have been sold in a wide variety of countries, continents and cultures. Additionally, they have shared stages with the likes of international touring acts Nightwish, Blind Guardian and Rhapsody.
In 2006, they released “Dead Secrets”, their first live DVD containing songs from their two previous albums. After the DVDs release, the decision was made to immediately record a third record with the legendary multi- platinum producer David Prater. His groundbreaking work with Dream Theater on two of their most successful recordings, “Images and Words” and “A Change Of Seasons”, established Prater as perhaps the most sought after producer in all of modern progressive rock. His rich track record also contains an impressive list of best selling mainstream rock artists from the last twenty years (Firehouse, Arcade, Nightranger, Stephen Pearcy, etc.). The álbum was called “Behind the Sorrow” and was released by the Italian label Coroner Records
From a creative standpoint, Six Magics has experienced a remarkable growth spurt over the last years beginning with the decision to enlist the services of Prater and continuing with the arrival of Elizabeth Vasquez, the band’s sensational new lead vocalist. The decision to break new ground in a changing musical landscape by bringing her brooding, sultry voice to the foreground of the group’s sound signals a courageous sense of adventure sorely needed in a field dominated by faceless male counterparts.
In 2010 to support the new record “Behind the Sorrow”, Six Magics launched a European tour that kept the musicians on the road for nearly two months. They played in different countries like Germany, Belgium, Switzerland, Netherlands and Turkey.
In 2011 Six Magics started working on their next studio album.
Six Magics also played in Chile at The Metal Fest, the first version of a Chilean festival in which bands like Testament, Blind Guardian, Anthrax, UDO among others were headliners.
In July 2012 the new material of the band entitled “Falling Angels” was released in Europe, Chile, Japan and USA

</doc>
<doc id="20338650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338650" title="Adrián Colunga">
Adrián Colunga

Adrián Colunga Pérez (born 17 November 1984) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Getafe CF in La Liga, as a striker.
Football career.
Colunga was born in Oviedo, Asturias. After unsuccessfully emerging through Sporting de Gijón's youth system he made his professional debuts on loan, in the third division with Marino de Luanco – also in his native region – going on to serve several others in the third and fourth levels while also appearing in the 2004–05 season for Sporting's B-team.
In January 2006 Colunga was definitely released by Gijón and, after a spell in the fourth division and another in the third, joined UD Las Palmas in level two. He scored 13 league goals (second-best in the team) in the 2007–08 campaign for a Canary Islands' side that was threatened with relegation until the last month of competition.
Colunga was then bought by Recreativo de Huelva in La Liga, in a four-year contract worth €2.7 million. In his debut for the team, on 31 August 2008, he netted the game's only goal in an away win against Andalusia neighbours Real Betis.
Alternating with starts and games from the bench during his first year, Colunga entered the club's history when he scored a penalty kick in a 1–4 loss at Deportivo de La Coruña on 21 December, his fourth consecutive game achieving the feat. Spanish football pundit Guillem Balague compared the player, in his weekly report of first division encounters, to Valencia CF's David Villa; despite a first fruitful year individually, "Recre" ranked last.
On 23 January 2010, after experiencing personal problems in the new season at Recreativo, which included a confrontation with club fans, Colunga was loaned to Real Zaragoza in the top flight, until June. He scored on his debut eight days later, a 3–1 win at CD Tenerife, and finished the campaign as the club's top scorer in only four months of play, with the Aragonese finally escaping relegation.
On 5 August 2010 Colunga was sold to Getafe CF, as Kepa Blanco moved in the opposite direction.

</doc>
<doc id="20338652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338652" title="Dancemaker">
Dancemaker

Dancemaker is a 1998 American documentary film directed by Matthew Diamond about the career of choreographer Paul Taylor. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20338673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338673" title="Joie de Vivre Hospitality">
Joie de Vivre Hospitality

Joie de Vivre Hospitality, a hotel and restaurant company based in San Francisco, California, is the second largest operator of boutique hotels in the United States.
History.
The company was founded in 1987 by Chip Conley, then 26, after he became "disillusioned" with the corporate real estate market 2½ years out of Stanford Business School. Conley raised $1 million in 1987 to buy the decrepit Phoenix Hotel in San Francisco's Tenderloin neighborhood, where he opened the landmark restaurant Miss Pearl's Jam House with Joey Altman. Conley modeled the name after Esprit, the clothing company then based in San Francisco. Initially targeting traveling rock bands, musicians, and filmmakers, Conley met with travel agents throughout the United States, modeled the hotel's concept after Rolling Stone Magazine, and offered tour managers free massages to induce them to book their bands' stays at the Phoenix. A popular but not financial success, the hotel quickly began to attract nationally-known entertainers such as David Bowie, Linda Ronstadt, and Johnny Depp, even though the hotel was essentially a low budget 1950s era motel. With support from investors, Conley bought a series of moderately sized, often run-down buildings, which he turned at low cost into boutique hotels, in each case creating a different "psychographic" concept such as new age wellness, men's health, romance novels, New Yorker Magazine, or luxury camping.
The company, which had been based entirely in San Francisco, suffered a substantial downturn after 9/11 and the dot com crash, which affected San Francisco more than most other hospitality markets. With 22 capital calls from investors, and cuts in executive salaries, the company survived and rather than closing poorly performing properties or laying off staff, took advantage of lower commercial real estate prices to expand throughout California. The company also began to take over and control its hotel restaurants, in order to reduce risk. As of 2008 the company owns more than 30 hotels, manages 6 others, and also operates 18 restaurants, all within California. Among the most famous is the Ventana Inn in Big Sur, California. The Hotel Vitale, on San Francisco's waterfront, is the first new hotel the company built, rather than bought from a previous owner. The company also expanded into managing hotels and condominium amenities for other owners.
Starting in 2005 with Hotel Angeleno in Los Angeles, Joie de Vivre began expansion into Southern California, and in 2009 opened Shorebreak Hotel in Huntington Beach, Hotel Erwin in Venice Beach, and Pacific Edge Hotel in Laguna Beach.
In 2010, a majority stake of Joie de Vivre was purchased by Geolo Capital, the private equity firm founded by Hyatt Hotels heir John Pritzker. A $150 million fund to acquire additional hotels was established as part of the deal, with plans to acquire $300 to $500 million in hotels over a three to five-year period.
In September 2010, Joie de Vivre announced Gary M. Beasley, a partner at Geolo Capital, as the interim chief executive officer of Joie de Vivre. With this appointment, founder Chip Conley became executive chairman and chief creative officer.
In 2011, Joie de Vivre expanded outside of California converting the Hotel Theodore in Scottsdale, Arizona into The Saguaro. The following year in March, Joie de Vivre opened the Hotel Lincoln in Chicago.
In October 2011, Joie de Vivre merged with Thompson Hotels, an international luxury hotel chain based in New York, with the two brands operating under a newly created parent company, Commune Hotels & Resorts. One of Thompson Hotels' founders, Stephen Brandman, was named CEO of the new company. Another Thompson founder, Jason Pomeranc, was named co-chairman along with John Pritzker. Chip Conley, Joie de Vivre’s founder, retained equity in the new company and remained involved as a strategic advisor.

</doc>
<doc id="20338681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338681" title="Andreas Gaill">
Andreas Gaill

Andreas Gaill (1526–1587) was one of the leading jurists of the Holy Roman Empire.
After studies in Cologne, Orléans, Leuven and Bologna, Gaill worked as an advocate in his hometown Cologne. In 1558 he was appointed to the Imperial Chamber Court. From 1569 on, he served on the Aulic Council in Vienna and, prior to his death, as Chancellor to the Elector of Cologne.
Gaill is best remembered for his 1578 work "Practicae observationes ad processum iudiciarium imperialis camerae", the first systematic compilation of Chamber Court jurisprudence, which exerted an eminent influence on the practice of law in the Empire and served as a template for most later German compilations of court decisions.

</doc>
<doc id="20338685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338685" title="T61">
T61

T61, T.61 or T-61 my refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="20338703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338703" title="Larry Cuba">
Larry Cuba

Larry Cuba is a computer-animation artist who became active in the late 1970s and early 80s.
Born in 1950 in Atlanta, Georgia, he received A.B. from Washington University in St. Louis in 1972 and his Master's Degree from California Institute of the Arts which includes parallel schools of Dance, Music, Film, Theater, Fine Arts, and Writing. The Cal Arts faculty included abstract animator Jules Engel, Expanded Cinema critic Gene Youngblood, and special effects artist Pat O'Neill.
In 1975, John Whitney, Sr. invited Cuba to be the programmer on one of his films. The result of this collaboration was "Arabesque".
Subsequently, Cuba produced three more computer-animated films: 3/78 (Objects and Transformations), Two Space, and Calculated Movements.
Cuba also provided computer graphics for in 1977. His animation of the Death Star is shown to pilots in the Rebel Alliance.
Cuba received grants for his work from the American Film Institute and The National Endowment for the Arts and was awarded a residency at the Center for Art and Media Technology Karlsruhe (ZKM). He has served on the juries for the Siggraph Electronic Theater, the Montpellier Festival of Abstract Film, The Ann Arbor Film Festival and Ars Electronica.
Cuba currently serves as the director of the iotaCenter in Los Angeles, California.
Films.
3/78 (Objects and Transformations) (1978). 6 minutes.
Created in Chicago with Tom DeFanti's Graphic Symbiosis System GRASS, consists of sixteen "objects", each composed of 100 points of light, some of them geometric shapes like circles and squares, others more organic shapes resembling gushes of water. Each object performs rhythmic choreography, programmed by Cuba to satisfy mathematic potentials.
Two Space (1979). 8 minutes.
Full-screen image- patterns which parallel the layered continuities of classical gamelan music. Using a programming language called RAP at the Los Angeles firm Information International Inc. (III), Larry was able to systematically explore the classic 17 symmetry groups, a technique used by Islamic artists to create abstract temple decorations.
Calculated Movements (1985). 6 minutes.
Cuba programmed solid areas and volumes instead of the vector dots of the previous two films. It also in four "colors": black, white, light grey and dark grey. In five episodes, he alternates single events involving ribbon-like figures following intricate trajectories, with more complex episodes consisting of up to 40 individual events that appear and disappear at irregular intervals. Electronic sound scores accompany.

</doc>
<doc id="20338709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338709" title="Keith Sinclair (bishop)">
Keith Sinclair (bishop)

Gordon Keith Sinclair (known as Keith; born 3 December 1952) is the current Bishop of Birkenhead.
He was educated at Christ Church, Oxford. After a period of study at Cranmer Hall he was ordained in 1984. His career began with a curacy at Christ Church, Summerfield in Birmingham, after which he was Vicar of Aston and finally (before his elevation to the Episcopate) Vicar of Holy Trinity, Coventry.
He is on the Governing Council of the True Freedom Trust, which encourages gay men and lesbians not to have gay or lesbian relationships, believing that God allows people to have gay feelings because ""we are living in a fallen world"".
He was one of the bishops selected to be a member of the Church of England working group on human sexuality which in 2013 produced the Pilling Report. However, he did not agree with the others and wrote a dissenting statement and an appendix, which constitute a quarter of the published report.
A keen walker, Bishop Keith is married to Rosie with three children. His brother is the actor Malcolm Sinclair.

</doc>
<doc id="20338771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338771" title="Alexander Stewart (Nova Scotian politician)">
Alexander Stewart (Nova Scotian politician)

Alexander Stewart (January 30, 1794 – January 1, 1865) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Cumberland County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1826 to 1838.
He was born in Halifax, the son of James Stewart and Elizabeth Bremner. After completing his schooling, he worked in John Moody's auction business, becoming a partner in 1814. He went on to study law in Halifax and Amherst. Stewart married Sarah Morse in 1816. Because he had not severed his ties with Moody by the time that the business failed in 1817, he lost all his possessions. Stewart went on to completed his studies in law, was called to the bar in 1822 and set up practice in Amherst. In 1834, he joined his brother James in practice in Halifax. Stewart lost his seat in February 1838 after his election was appealed; however, the month before, he had been named to the province's Legislative Council. He was named to the Executive Council in 1840. Stewart was vocal in his opposition to responsible government for Nova Scotia. In 1846, he was named master of the rolls for the province, judge in the court of chancery and judge in the vice admiralty court. Stewart was named a Companion of the Bath in 1856. He died in Halifax at the age of 70.
His daughter Elizabeth married Charles James Townshend.

</doc>
<doc id="20338795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338795" title="José Filipe Correia Semedo">
José Filipe Correia Semedo

José Filipe Correia Semedo (born 26 December 1979) is a Cape Verdean footballer who plays for Omonia Aradippou in Cyprus Second Division, as a forward.
Club career.
Born in Lisbon, Portugal, Semedo started his senior career with F.C. Barreirense, but soon moved to the lower leagues in the country, with CF Benfica and Odivelas FC. After stellar performances with the latter in the third division (18 goals in 30 matches in the 2007–08 season), he attracted attention from top level clubs, eventually joining Rio Ave FC.
In his first match in the competition, on 24 August 2008, Semedo scored in a 1–1 home draw against S.L. Benfica. In January of the following year he moved to Cyprus, teaming up with several Portuguese players at APOP Kinyras FC. 
In May 2010, after two solid seasons (22 Cypriot First Division goals in his first full campaign, competition best), he stayed in the country, signing with cup winners Apollon Limassol.
International career.
Although Portuguese-born, Semedo opted to represent Cape Verde internationally, starting in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20338819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338819" title="T58">
T58

T58, T.58 or T-58 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="20338840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338840" title="St Thomas à Becket Church, Widcombe">
St Thomas à Becket Church, Widcombe

St Thomas à Becket Church is a parish church of Widcombe in Bath, Somerset southwest England, and is one of a number of churches named after Thomas Becket. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The church was built between 1490 and 1498 by John Cantlow, Prior of Bath Abbey and took the place of an older Norman church. However, there was a common tradition that a weaver was the founder of the church, and an escutcheon bearing a weaver's shuttle can be seen on the outside of one of the north battlements of the tower. It is believed that there was originally a Saxon chapel on the site. The church was commonly called Old Widcombe Church and used to be the principal church of the parishes of Widcombe and Lyncombe. The Domesday survey of 1086 shows a small settlement around the church although no trace of it remains.
In 1847 a much large church, St Matthews, was built in Widcombe parish. On 22 April 1847, it was announced that the church bells, which had for centuries been in the tower of St. Thomas à Becket, were to be removed and installed in the new St. Matthew's. Legend has it that the bells were seized by force from the wardens of St Thomas's.

</doc>
<doc id="20338861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338861" title="Canada First Defence Strategy">
Canada First Defence Strategy

The Canada First Defence Strategy (CFDS) is the military recruitment, military procurement and improvement strategy of the Canadian government to improve the overall effectiveness of the Canadian Forces. The strategy also aims to enforce Arctic sovereignty with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the Canadian Coast Guard.
Purpose.
The purpose of the Canada First Defence Strategy is to give Canada a modern military with clearly defined missions and capabilities. The strategy focuses on many key military functions and operations and on improving the equipment and fleets that the Canadian Forces operates.
Missions.
The Canada First Defence Strategy is working on six core missions as level of ambition for the Canadian Forces. According to the strategy the forces must be able to support all of the following operations and if necessary, support them all simultaneously. 
Personnel.
The Canada First Defence Strategy is also working to increase the number of personnel in the Canadian Forces in order to improve the military's operational effectiveness. The Canadian Forces currently has approximately 65,000 active personnel and 26,000 reserve personnel. However, the CFDS plans to increase personnel levels to 70,000 active and 30,000 reserve sometime in the next 20 years, with an increase to 67,000 active personnel by 2009/2010, 68,000 by 2011/2012 and 69,300 by 2014/2015. The reserves should reach 27,000 by 2011/2012 and 28,000 by 2014/2015.
Equipment improvement and replacement.
The CFDS provides a plan to invest $15 billion in the next few years on the improvement and replacement of Canadian Forces' major fleets and equipment, to include:
Another $20 billion has been committed for equipment replacement and improvement in the future, to include:
Funding.
The Canada First Defence Strategy is also primarily focused on the funding for the Canadian Forces, and the strategy outlines plans to increase funding for the Canadian Forces from $18 billion in 2007-2008 to over $30 billion in 2027-2028. The overall funding and investments in the forces will amount to $490 billion over the 20 year period of the strategy.

</doc>
<doc id="20338871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338871" title="Émile Garabiol">
Émile Garabiol

Émile Garabiol (1877–1961) was a French engineer.
Early life.
Garabiol was born in the small town of Le Grand Lemps in France. He was one of the first to attend the École Nationale ProfessionnelleENP (National Professional School) of Voiron in 1889, a small city 20 miles from Grenoble. He entered the École des Arts et Métiers in 1893, the year in which it was created. Upon his return from military service in 1899, Emile started his professional career as a draftsman. He rapidly moved to a position of greater responsibility with the Société Industrielle des Téléphones, which was very active in the competition for laying out trans-atlantic cables, as well as the Berthon Ader wall telephone, where he became chief engineer. He subsequently left to work for the Rubber Manufacturing Company in Paris, where he became director, and later, a member of the board. Other members included Chautard, Berthelot, Paul Painlevé and Léauté.
Later life.
Garabiol led a very busy social life. He taught mechanics and technology at the Association Philotechnique :fr:Association philotechnique directed by Raymond Poincaré. He also taught evening courses at the Union of Electricians and Mechanics. In 1911, he received a Silver Medal from the French Industrial Association, and in 1913, a gold medal from the city of Ghent. He became Academy Officer in 1905, officer of public instruction in 1910, and Chevalier of the Mérite Agricole in 1913. In 1921, he received the Légion d'Honneur as chevalier. The citation read "As teacher, rendered the most distinguished services in technical instruction. During the most critical period of the war, led the manufacturing of airplane wheels, which was crucial for the airforce". His personal research in the engineering aspects of tire manufacturing led, in 1931, to the registration of a patent at the US patent office
In 1924, Garabiol moved to Grenoble. During World War II, he successfully hid from the Gestapo, in his own house in Corenc, from January to November 1943, Aleksander Kawalkowski, head of the P.O.W.N or Polish resistance in France during WWII, former consul of Poland in Lille, who had parachuted into the Vercors region near Grenoble, to help France fight against Germany. 
Emile Garabiol died May 15, 1961 in La Tronche.
Awards.
Emile Garabiol received numerous honors, both from France and abroad. He was Officer of the Legion d'Honneur, Commander of the Palmes Academiques, Officer of the Merite Civique, and Officer of the Merite Polonais avec Glaives (Polish equivalent of the Legion d'Honneur).

</doc>
<doc id="20338876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338876" title="Titanopsis">
Titanopsis

Titanopsis is a genus of about 10 species of succulent plants of the family Aizoaceae.
The name "Titanopsis" comes from the ancient Greek "titanos" (limestone) et "opsis" (looking like)
They come from South Africa, in the Upper Karoo Group
Description.
They are small plants, with rosette up to 10 cm high.
Leaves are up to 3 cm with truncate tip and rough little tubercles at the apex of the leaves. They look like limestone and are hard to be seen in the wild.
Yellow flowers with 2 cm diameter appear in late fall.
Cultivation.
Cultivation is easy if the plants are treated like any other summer-growing succulents. The plants are calcicole (=they appreciate calcaire soils), but any typical loose succulent soil mix is suitable. The plants need well drained soil and sunny exposure. Plants should be watered mostly in summer and less over winter,
Division of larger clumps is possible in some cases, but as most species have tuberous rootstocks and offset slowly, seed production is the most common method of propagation.

</doc>
<doc id="20338880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338880" title="CBS Reports">
CBS Reports

CBS Reports is the umbrella title used for documentaries by CBS News which aired starting in 1959 through the 1990s. The series sometimes aired as a wheel series rotating with "60 Minutes" (or other similar CBS News series), as a series of its own or as specials. The program aired as a constant series from 1959 to 1971. Notable episodes include "Harvest of Shame", a Peabody Award-winning examination of migrant workers in the United States, and "", the first time homosexuality was presented on a national network broadcast. "The Homosexuals" has been heavily criticized for promoting a negative view of gay Americans.
The "CBS Reports" banner was brought back into use in 2009, with the series CBS Reports: Children of the Recession. Instead of being a stand-alone documentary, the new incarnation consisted of reports across all CBS News platforms. Katie Couric led coverage. The series of reports won the a Columbia School of Journalism Alfred DuPont Award.
In January 2010, a second Couric-led series aired, CBS Reports: Where America Stands.
A portion of the traditional American religious song "Simple Gifts" (specifically, in the early years of the series, as adapted by American classical composer Aaron Copland for his ballet "Appalachian Spring") is used as the "CBS Reports" theme music.
Origin.
"CBS Reports" premiered on October 27, 1959. It was intended to be a successor to Edward R. Murrow's influential "See It Now", which had ended 15 months prior, and employed several members of the "See It Now" production staff. For the remainder of 1959 and through 1960, "CBS Reports" was broadcast on an irregular basis as a series of specials.
The network gave "CBS Reports" a regular primetime slot in January 1961, at 10 p.m. (EST) on Thursdays. That placed it against two "tremendously popular" established shows, "The Untouchables" on ABC and "Sing Along With Mitch" on NBC. Consequently, "CBS Reports" was pre-empted by a high number of CBS affiliates that aired local programming in its timeslot.
When the networks announced their Fall 1962 schedules, "Sing Along With Mitch" and "The Untouchables" had been moved from the Thursday 10 p.m. timeslot. However, CBS also decided to move "CBS Reports" to Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. (EST), explaining that "the earlier hour will permit more young people to watch the program." But that move again put the program up against two "consistent rating leaders," "The Virginian" on NBC and "Wagon Train" on ABC.
"CBS Reports" continued to lead the network's Wednesday primetime line-up until Fall 1965, when the network put "Lost In Space" in the 7:30 p.m. Wednesday timeslot and moved "CBS Reports" to Tuesday at 10 p.m., opposite "The Fugitive" on ABC and NBC's "Tuesday Night at the Movies".

</doc>
<doc id="20338896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338896" title="Paolo De Chiesa">
Paolo De Chiesa

Paolo De Chiesa (born March 14, 1956) is an Italian journalist and former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics and in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
He was born in Saluzzo. De Chiesa competed in two Olympic slalom events but was not able to finish one of these races. He also scored several podium placements in the Alpine Skiing World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20338902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338902" title="Kolathur, Chennai">
Kolathur, Chennai

Kolathur () is a district in North Chennai (formerly Madras), Tamil Nadu, South India.It is well developed area with all facilities. Nearby neighborhoods are Vajjiravel Nagar, Perambur, Vinayagapuram, Villivakkam, Puzhal, Korattur, Jawahar Nagar, Thiru-vi-ka Nagar, Sakthivel Nagar and Periyar Nagar. Kolathur is near the Grand Northern Trunk Road(NH 5). Kolathur's population has grown quickly enough to make it a State Assembly constituency.
The Inner Ring Road also passes through Kolathur, making it one of the best-connected areas in Chennai. Via the Ring Road, one can reach Anna Nagar (2 km away) in 5 minutes. Nearby railway stations include Villivakkam and Perambur Loco Works. Kolathur awaits a bus deport. For Now, there are Bus stands in Vinayakapuram, Kumaran Nagar, Poompuhar nagar and Srinivasa Nagar.
Property Developers.
The bring of Alliance group "Orchid Springs" have highlighted Kolathur to a new dimension.There are numerous property developers around this area. Over a decade Sree Promoters and SBC flat promoters located at No.44 Mohammed Husaain Colony, Kolathur are considered to be one of the premier and customer centric property developers.
Schools.
Schools in the neighborhood includes Smt. Durgadevi Choudhary Vivekananda Vidyalaya, Everwin Matriculation School, DonBosco Matriculation Higher Secondary School - Srinivasa Nagar, Don Bosco Matric. Hr. Secondary School, Peravallur, Everwin Matriculation School
12/3, Red Hills Road, S.J Avenue, Kolathur.
Landmarks.
ATM's:
Recent Development's.
- First Maxillofacial care and Implant Center in Kolathur "SPARKS" Dental and Maxillofacial Center.
- In recent years there has been an boom in Used Car's Shops in Kolathur. There are about 15 Used Car Shops in 100 feet road alone. 
- Recently there is a boom in churches in Kolathur, there are more than 280 churches in Kolathur and its surroundings.
- The number of Restaurants has increased several times. With the entry of Ninty9 Theme restaurant and Chain restaurants such as Ganga Sweets, Paramakidi, Dominos and Fingers restaurant.
- Now Hotel SRM Grands recently opened with business class rooms,Navarasa emotional dining restaurant and banquet halls.
Aquarium fish.
Kolathur is also known for the export of colorful tropical fish, aquarium fish feed, aquariums, glass and stone aquarium gravel. Pet animals other than fish are also available in Aquarium Street, They include Love Birds, Hamsters, pigeons, hens etc. Kolathur was once a hub for fish breeding too,now due to the high ground rates fish farms are converted into residential houses and flats and the farms and ponds are transferred to Gummudipondi.

</doc>
<doc id="20338913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338913" title="Regret to Inform">
Regret to Inform

Regret to Inform is a 1998 American documentary film directed by Barbara Sonneborn. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 
The film was made over a span of ten years. The documentary features filmmaker Barbara Sonneborn as she goes to the Vietnamese countryside where her husband was killed. Her translator is a fellow war widow named Xuan Ngoc Nguyen and together try to understand their losses. The film includes interviews with Vietnamese and American widows.

</doc>
<doc id="20338940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338940" title="Launceston City Park">
Launceston City Park

Launceston City Park is a park in Launceston, Tasmania, Australia. Established in the 1820s by the Launceston Horticultural Society and handed over to the Launceston City Council in 1863. It is now an important part of cultural life in Launceston and also a heritage park. 
History.
In 1891, the Albert Hall was built on the north east corner of the park to house the Tasmanian Industrial Exhibition. The exhibition area enclosed a large corner of the park under temporary structures attached to the Albert Hall. A miniature railway was also set up within the park for a short time during the exhibition. In 1932, Launceston Corporation built the John Hart Conservatory in the western half of the park. A twin copy built from the same plans was also erected at Parramatta Creek near Latrobe.
In 1965, Launceston became sister city with Ikeda City in Japan. As a gift, Ikeda City gifted the Launceston City Council with an exhibit of Japanese Macaques which was built near the Cameron Street entrance to the park.
Features.
The parks attractions include many gardens, a conservatory, band stand, duck pond, children's playground, the Tasmanian Design Center and a Monkey Island, which houses a group of macaques that are separated from visitors by a glass wall and a small moat. The park has a series of memorials and statues including Launceston's Boer War Memorial, a statue of Tasmanian botanist Ronald Campbell Gunn and a plinthed cannon taken as a war trophy from the Crimean War. The most prominent building at the park is the Albert Hall. Next to the Albert Hall are the studios of City Park Radio, located in the former Park Caretakers Cottage, which also has one of the oldest Wisteria Vines in Australia, planted in 1837. The park plays host to Festivale, a popular annual food festival held every February.

</doc>
<doc id="20338946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338946" title="Loma language">
Loma language

Loma (Loghoma, Looma, Lorma) is a Mande language spoken by the Loma people of Liberia and Guinea.
Dialects of Loma proper in Liberia are Gizima, Wubomei, Ziema, Bunde, Buluyiema. The dialect of Guinea, Toma (Toa, Toale, Toali, or Tooma, the Malinke name for "Loma"), is an official regional language.
In Liberia, the people and language are also known as "Bouze" (Busy, Buzi), which is considered offensive.
Sample.
The Lord's Prayer in Loma:

</doc>
<doc id="20338949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338949" title="Mermithida">
Mermithida

Mermithida is an order of nematode worms. The order includes two families, and most members are endoparasites on arthropods. The morphological characteristic of the order is the presence of a stichosome.

</doc>
<doc id="20338952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338952" title="SS-N-23">
SS-N-23

NATO reporting name SS-N-23 Skiff can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20338959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338959" title="T53">
T53

T53, T.53, T 53 or T-53 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="20338966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338966" title="William Frederick DesBarres">
William Frederick DesBarres

William Frederick DesBarres (1800 – June 1885) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Guysborough County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1836 to 1848 as a Reformer.
He was born in Elysian, Cumberland County, Nova Scotia, the son of John DesBarres. DesBarres studied law with Lewis Morris Wilkins and Hiram Blanchard, was admitted to the Nova Scotia bar in 1822 and set up practice in Guysborough. He married Maria Cutler, the daughter of Robert M. Cutler, in 1825. In 1830, he was named probate judge for Sydney County. DesBarres served in the province's Executive Council as Solicitor General. He was named to the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia in 1848 and served until 1881. DesBarres died in Halifax.
References.
W.F. DesBarres built an Egyptian Revival style home in the heart of Guysborough in 1837. The home still stands in the community and was restored as a luxury inn in 2004. You can read more about the home at the DesBarres Manor Inn website.

</doc>
<doc id="20338974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338974" title="Niquinha">
Niquinha

Edson Pereira de Barros, aka Niquinha (born 30 September 1971), is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
Football career.
Born in Minas Gerais, Niquinha started his professional career in Brazil with lowly Clube Náutico Capibaribe and Manchete Futebol Clube. In 1997 he moved to Portugal, joining Rio Ave FC, where he went on to become one of its most influential players, amassing nearly 400 overall appearances for the Vila do Conde outfit.
After still contributing regularly in 2008–09 – 22 matches, 16 starts – as Rio Ave eventually retained its top flight status, Niquinha returned home aged 38, joining amateurs Associação Atlética Francana.

</doc>
<doc id="20338981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338981" title="WNYT (internet radio)">
WNYT (internet radio)

WNYT is the college radio station for the New York Institute of Technology. It is available via Internet radio, and heard at various places on NYIT's campus.
History.
Located on the Old Westbury campus of New York Institute of Technology, WNYT Radio was formed in 1964 as a student organization, where it began and still is a completely student-run station. WNYT also operated as a separate closed-circuit station at the college's New York City campus when it was located at 888 7th avenue in Manhattan in the early to mid-1970s. It was entirely student operated and featured a rock format.
With the lack of available frequency allocations in the area, WNYT has gone through an array of changes through the years in its broadcasting mediums — carrier current, closed circuit, the background music for Cablevision’s on-screen program guide, and most recently, Internet streaming audio. In addition changes have occurred in the programming formats WNYT has relied upon, from all rock music to its current open format.
WNYT Radio has served as a springboard for a wide array of talent and air personalities, with its members going on to become prominent members the New York media market. In addition, it has acted as a voice of the NYIT campus since it was established in the 1960s. It is one of the few college radio stations on Long Island, or the greater metropolitan area, that is entirely run by its students. From its air personalities, to the programming, all aspects of the station are overseen by the students of NYIT.
WNYT Radio programming has been successful; many shows, including The Dream team and The Extreme Metal Show, have brought a large amount of interest and praise from record labels and bands in the Long Island area.
Starting in 2012, WNYT Radio began broadcasting NYIT Bears sports on their station, a move that brings a larger audience

</doc>
<doc id="20338993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20338993" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 751">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 751

United Nations Security Council resolution 751, adopted unanimously on 24 April 1992, after reaffirming resolutions 733 (1992) and 746 (1992) and considering a report by the Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali on the ongoing civil war in Somalia, the Council established a United Nations Operation in Somalia I with an immediate deployment of 50 observers in the capital Mogadishu to monitor the ceasefire. 
The Council went on to establish, in principle, a security force under the direction of the newly created post, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General in Somalia, and requested further consultations on the proposed force. It also asked the Secretary-General to facilitate an immediate cessation of hostilities and an observance of a ceasefire throughout the country to promote the process of reconciliation and to provide humanitarian aid. The resolution also welcomed the efforts of the Arab League, Organisation of African Unity and Organisation of the Islamic Conference in Somalia and called for a conference with the aforementioned, the Secretary-General and factions in Somalia.
Resolution 751 also established a Committee of the Security Council to oversee a general and complete arms embargo against Somalia, including seeking information from individual states on measures taken by them, make recommendations on improving the effectiveness of the embargo, and ways in dealing with states that violate it. It ended by calling for co-operation at all levels to find a peaceful settlement in the country.
The embargo has been varied by Security Council resolutions over the years to allow journalists to import flak jackets and helmets for their personal use and for the African Union to establish an armed presence.
A Panel of Experts to investigate the lack of success of the arms embargo was set up in 2002. Its report resulted in the establishment of a Monitoring Group. A Monitoring Group report detailed numerous shipments of arms, sometimes with the help of pirates or sourced from government stockpiles in nearby countries. Donor money has been found to have funded the imports.
In 2008, the embargo was in relation to nations and the International Maritime Organisation providing technical assistance to Somalia upon their request to enhance the capacity to ensure coastal and maritime security, including combating piracy off the Somali coast.

</doc>
<doc id="20339056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339056" title="R-29RMU Sineva">
R-29RMU Sineva

The R-29RMU Sineva (, lit. "blueness"), also designated RSM-54,
is a Russian liquid-fueled submarine-launched ballistic missile. It has the GRAU index 3M27, and is identified by NATO as the SS-N-23 Skiff. It can carry four supersonic warheads and is designed to be launched from "Delta IV" class submarines, which are armed with 16 missiles each.
The first full-range test was reportedly conducted on October 11, 2008; the reported range was 11,547 kilometers.
The R-29RMU entered service in 2007 and is expected to remain in service until at least 2030.
Current plans see the construction of approximately 100 such missiles.
The Sineva missile has reportedly been replaced by the R-29RMU2.1 "Liner" missile in 2012.
Background.
At its height in 1984, the Soviet Navy, conducted over 100 SSBN patrols. The decline of the Russian navy during the 1990s weakened Russia's navy greatly, with no SSBN patrols carried out in 2001-2002. The development of the Sineva is part of a program tasked with "preventing the weakening of Russia's nuclear deterrent."
The R-29RMU Sineva is seen as a rival to the solid propellant Bulava SLBM.
Originally, the Russian Navy was slated to receive the Sineva missile in 2002, but the first test was conducted
only in 2004. The missile was eventually commissioned in 2007.
Testing.
Initial launch failures.
Failed Sineva test launches took place during the strategic command exercise “Security-2004” (held 10–18 February 2004),
which also included the launch of a Molniya communication satellite and an R-36 missile.
The launch failures involving nuclear submarines "Novomoskovsk" and "Karelia" may have been caused by a
military satellite blocking the launch signal; this incident did not lead to any serious consequences for the K-407 "Novomoskovsk" strategic nuclear submarine. March 1, 2004 saw then Russian president Vladimir Putin
instructing the acting defence minister to carry out an investigation in order to determine the reason of the
launch failures of the three RSM-54 missiles in mid-February.
Successful launches.
March 17, 2004 saw Novomoskovsk nuclear submarine of the Russian Northern Fleet perform a successful launch of
the RSM-54 Sineva. The missile’s two warheads reportedly hit their targets. President Vladimir Putin and Defense
Minister Sergei Ivanov observed a successful test launch of the Sineva missile from the SSBN "Yekaterinburg".
Further successful launches were conducted by K-84 "Yekaterinburg" on September 8, 2006. The missile was launched
from an ice-covered polar region toward the Chizha test site at the Kanin Peninsula. The three warheads were reported
to have successfully reached their targets.
Another successful launch was performed on 4 March 2010 from the Barents Sea. This was followed by more launches
on 6 August 2010, when a K-114 "Tula" fired two missiles towards the Kura Test Range. The most recent launches
were carried out on May 20, 2011 and July 27, 2011, both successful.

</doc>
<doc id="20339075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339075" title="BNS Sahayak">
BNS Sahayak

BNS "Sahayak" (Bengali - "helper") is a Fleet Replenishment Ship of the Bangladesh Navy, currently assigned to support anti-piracy operations.
Career.
The "Sahayak" is currently moored at Chittagong, serving with the Commodore Commanding BN Flotilla (COMBAN). About 50 personnel serve aboard "Sahayak".

</doc>
<doc id="20339084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339084" title="Bissa language">
Bissa language

Bissa (Bisa) is a Mande language spoken by the Bissa people of Burkina Faso, Ghana, and (marginally) Togo. Dialects are Barka, Lebir, Lere.

</doc>
<doc id="20339108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339108" title="Lee Heung-kam">
Lee Heung-kam

Lee Heung-kam (born in 13 January 1932 in Shunde, Guangdong, China) is a veteran Cantonese opera and TVB actress from Hong Kong. She joined the entertainment industry when she was 16 years old. Lee was briefly married to Cantonese opera star, Siu Chung-kwan (d. 2005), with whom she had a daughter. Divorced in 1957, her ex-husband and daughter left for Canada. From 1990 to 2006, Lee worked for TVB rival ATV, but she has since return to TVB. She has a younger brother, Lee Sue-gai. However, she declared to break the relationship with him because he indulged in gambling.

</doc>
<doc id="20339162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339162" title="BNS Vatiary">
BNS Vatiary

BNS "Vatiary" is an establishment of the Bangladeshi Navy. Its Location is Chittagong at surrounded few hills.
Career.
The "Vatiary"' is currently under the command of the Commodore Commanding Chittagong (COMCHIT). About 500 personnel serve at "Vatiary", which is one of the firing training bases in the Bangladesh Navy. "Vatiary" was established for the training and storage of the naval arms, missile and relatives instruments, as well as operating as a naval base.

</doc>
<doc id="20339192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339192" title="Charles Robinson (illustrator)">
Charles Robinson (illustrator)

Charles Robinson (1870–1937) was a prolific British book illustrator.
Born in Islington in October 1870, London, he was the son of an illustrator and his brothers Thomas Heath Robinson and William Heath Robinson also became illustrators. He served an apprenticeship as a printer and took art lessons in the evenings. He won a place at the Royal Academy in 1892 but was unable to take it up due to lack of finances. 
The first full book he illustrated was Robert Louis Stevenson's A Child's Garden of Verses (1895) which includes over 100 pen and ink drawings. It was extremely popular, going through many reprints, and generated numerous commissions. He illustrated many fairy tales and children's books throughout his career, including Eugene Field's Lullaby Land (1897), W. E. Cule's Child Voices (1899), Friedrich de la Motte Fouqué's Sintram and His Companions (1900), Alice's Adventures in Wonderland (1907), Grimm's Fairy Tales (1910), Frances Hodgson Burnett's The Secret Garden (1911), and books written by Walter Copeland Jerrold and himself.
He was also an active painter, especially in later life, and was elected to the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours in 1932.
Robinson married Edith Mary Favatt in 1897 in Middlesex, England and they were the parents of four daughters and two sons.
Biography.
"Charles Robinson" by Leo de Freitas. London: Academy Editions; New York: St. Martins Press, 1976. ISBN 0-85670-277-3. ISBN 0-85670-282-X (pbk.).

</doc>
<doc id="20339194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339194" title="Musk railway station">
Musk railway station

Musk railway station is a railway station at the locality of Musk in central Victoria, Australia. It was opened in September 1881 under the name of Musk Creek and its name was shortened to Musk in 1905. The line closed on Monday, 3 July 1978.
Re-opening.
During the mid to late 1980s, Gangers trolleys conveyed passengers on short trips to the Wombat State Forest about halfway between Daylesford and Musk. On 15 September 1990 railmotor services were restored between Daylesford and Musk for the first time in 13 years.
The section of line between Musk and Bullarto was reopened on 17 March 1997.
Musk Station consists of little more than a small platform and a tin shed and is stopped at by most tourist services operated by the Daylesford Spa Country Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="20339195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339195" title="Arnaha, Sagarmatha">
Arnaha, Sagarmatha

Arnaha is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3768 people living in 627 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339198" title="Reiner Geye">
Reiner Geye

Reiner Geye (born 22 November 1949 in Duisburg; died 8 August 2002 in Mainz) was a German football player.
His career started with TuS Duisburg 48/99 and Eintracht Duisburg. Since 1968 he played for Fortuna Düsseldorf. From 1971 to 1986 he played in the erman Bundesliga for Fortuna Düsseldorf and 1. FC Kaiserslautern in 485 matches, in which he scored 113 goals.
He also won four caps for Germany (one goal). 
Later on, he became vice-President and manager (until 1996) of 1. FC Kaiserslautern.
He died due to liver-illness. 

</doc>
<doc id="20339203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339203" title="Aurahi, Saptari">
Aurahi, Saptari

Aurahi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3509 people living in 706 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339224" title="Badgama">
Badgama

Badgama is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3287 people living in 550 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339235" title="Bainiya">
Bainiya

Bainiya is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2991 people living in 576 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339239" title="Vangipuram">
Vangipuram

Vangipuram is a village 21 km south-west of Guntur and 7 km east of the Guntur-Parchur road. Originally called Achichchatrapuram, the village is known for the temples of Agastheswaraswami and Vallabharajaswami. 
The nearest airport is at Vijayawada and nearby railhead is Guntur Railway Station. Its India Post pin code is 522015.
Unreferenced sources also claim that Vangipuram (alternately Vankipuram) is a place in Viluppuram district, Tamil Nadu, India. Prior to 1993 it was part of the British-designated South Arcot district, which was in 1993 divided into Cuddalore and Villupuram districts, with Vangipuram falling into the latter.
As many Indians took the name of their community as a surname, "Vangipuram" or "Vankipuram" are also seen as surnames in India.

</doc>
<doc id="20339241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339241" title="Bairawa">
Bairawa

Bairawa is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3081 people living in 590 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339247" title="Bakdhauwa">
Bakdhauwa

Bakdhauwa is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5781 people living in 1012 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339249" title="Business system planning">
Business system planning

Business system planning (BSP) is a method of analyzing, defining and designing the information architecture of organizations. It was introduced by IBM for internal use only in 1981, although initial work on BSP began during the early 1970s. BSP was later sold to organizations. It is a complex method dealing with interconnected data, processes, strategies, aims and organizational departments.
BSP is a new approach to IA; its goals are to:
The result of a BSP project is a technology roadmap aligning investments and business strategy.
BSP comprises 15 steps, which are classified into three sections by function.
Preparation.
Study authorization.
The essential first step in BSP is to obtain authorization for the study from management or an interested department. A number of roles must agree on the purpose and range of the study:
Preparation.
The second step is the team leader's study preparation. Its goal is to:
A product of this step is a "lead study book" with the above information, a study schedule, IT documents and diagrams.
Beginning.
At the first meeting of the study, the sponsor explains the purpose and expected results of the study; the team leader presents the study plan, and the IT manager describes the current state and the role of IS in the organization.
Analysis.
The analysis is the most important part of BSP. The team searches for an appropriate organizational structure as it defines business strategy, processes and data classes and analyzes current information support.
Strategy.
This step define strategic targets and how to achieve them within the organization:
The team works from these strategic targets. Organizational units are departments of the organization. Each department is responsible for a strategic target.
Processes.
There are about 40-60 business processes in an organization (depending on its size), and it is important to choose the most profitable ones and the department responsible for a particular process. Examples include:
Data classes.
There are usually about 30–60 data classes, depending on the size of the organization. Future IS will use databases based on these classes. Examples include:
Information support.
The purpose of this step is to check the applications used by an organization, evaluating the importance of each to eliminate redundancy.
Management discussion.
In the final analytical step the team discusses its results with management to confirm (or refute) assumptions, provide missing information, reveal deficiencies in the organization and establish future priorities.
Issue results.
All documents created during the analysis are collected, serving as a base for future information architecture. The organization classifies and dissects all identified problems; a list is made of the cause and effect of each problem, which is integrated into the future IS.
Conclusion.
Defining information architecture.
To define an organization's information architecture, it is necessary to connect the information subsystems using matrix processes and data classes to find appropriate subsystems. The organization then reorders processes according to the product (or service) life cycle.
Establishing IS-development priorities.
A number of criteria (costs and development time, for example) establish the best sequence of system implementation. High-priority subsystems may be analyzed more deeply. This information is given to the sponsor, who determines which information subsystems will be developed.
Verifying study impact.
An IS planning and management study should be conducted. When the organization has finished its work on processes and data classes, it should explore the functions and goals of the system with a list of requested departmental changes and a cost analysis.
Proposals.
Final recommendations and plans are made for the organization during this step, which encompasses information architecture, IS management and information-subsystem development and includes costs, profits and future activities.
Presentation.
This is the agreement of all interested parties (team, management and sponsor) on future actions.
Final step.
The organization should establish specific responsibilities during the project's implementation. There is usually a controlling commission, ensuring consistency across the IS.
BSP, in addition to its value to IS planning, introduced the process view of a firm. The business process reengineering of the 1990s was built on this concept. It also demonstrated the need to separate data from its applications using it, supporting the database approach to software development methodology.
References.
Kolbe Business Systems Australias leading Business Systems learnining institute. Guide to business systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20339250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339250" title="Bassani">
Bassani

Bassani is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20339254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339254" title="Bamangamakatti">
Bamangamakatti

Bamangamakatti is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5906 people living in 1085 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339259" title="They Knew What They Wanted">
They Knew What They Wanted

They Knew What They Wanted may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20339264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339264" title="Fair Play (novel)">
Fair Play (novel)

Fair Play (in the original Swedish Rent spel) is a novel by Finnish author Tove Jansson, first published in 1989.
Plot.
The novel portrays the close friendship between two women doing artistic work, Jonna and Mari, who live in separate apartments in the same house. They are in many ways quite different, but maybe because of this they are able to complete each other. It is about give and take, compromises and communication, and how the relationship survives even if it changes when the people do.
Many chapters in the book are written such that they can be read stand-alone, and a few have been republished in the short story collection "A Winter Book".

</doc>
<doc id="20339268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339268" title="Banarjhula">
Banarjhula

Banarjhula is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3953 people living in 678 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339274" title="Banaula">
Banaula

Banaula is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2715 people living in 508 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339285" title="Rex Willis">
Rex Willis

Rex Willis (25 October 1924 – 19 January 2000) was a Welsh international rugby union scrum-half who played club rugby for Cardiff and invitational rugby for the Barbarians. He won 21 caps for Wales and was selected to play in the British Lions on the 1950 tour of Australia and New Zealand.
He played the last half hour of the 1952 Five Nations Championship against Scotland with his jaw broken in several places.
Rugby career.
Early career.
Willis was educated in England before boarding at The Cathedral School, Llandaff, he then served in the Navy during World War II and was trained at Pangbourne Nautical College. He returned to Wales once he was demobilised. He initially joined Cardiff based rugby club Llandaff before later switching to Cardiff RFC. At Cardiff he was the under-study for Welsh captain, Haydn Tanner and would cover his position while Tanner was away on international duties. During this period Willis linked up with fellow Rhondda born Cardiff player, Cliff Morgan, a relationship that would last throughout their club and country careers.
When Tanner retired during the 1949/50 season, Willis was promoted into his position and gained regular first-class rugby. Although ignored for Welsh trials during 1949, the disastrous Five Nations Championship of that year forced the selectors to look for a new half-back partnership. Willis was chosen alongside team mate Billy Cleaver to face England at Twickenham in the opening game of the 1950 Championship in front of the largest crowd ever seen to date at the stadium. Willis had an excellent match, releasing Cleaver, who in turn controlled the match which saw Wales win the game. In the next game against Scotland, Willis protected Cleaver from the Scottish back row which resulted in Cleaver scoring a drop goal. With tries from Thomas and Ken Jones Wales ran in easy winners after subduing the Scottish pack in the first half of the game. Willis kept his place for the next game in a narrow win against Ireland, which saw Wales lift the Triple Crown, and in the final game, victory over France resulted in the first Grand Slam for Wales since 1911.
British Lions.
After his performance during the Championship, Willis, along with Cardiff backs Cleaver, Jones, Williams and Matthews, was chosen for the British Lions in their 1950 tour of Australia and New Zealand. Unfortunately for Willis, the excellent Rimmer and Black were also on the tour and were picked ahead of Willis. The tactical spoiling of the All Blacks was too much for the smaller scrum-halves, and Willis was drafted in for the Fourth Test at Auckland, and retained his place for the final two tests in Australia.
Willis was back for all four matches in the 1951 Five Nations Championship again under the captaincy of John Gwilliam, who had led the team to their Grand Slam victory the previous year. Willis was now partnered with Cliff Morgan at Cardiff, but with Wales he linked up with Glyn Davies. Morale was high after a one sided affair in their opening game against England, but Willis experienced his first loss with Wales when the team was beaten 19-0 by an unexperienced Scottish team. Despite the loss the Welsh selectors kept faith with the players for the next match, dropping only one player, Willis's partner, Davies. This allowed the introduction of Morgan, who gained his first cap in a three all draw with Ireland.
Against South Africa and New Zealand.
Towards the end on 1951, Willis faced the touring South African's in three games. The first was for Cardiff in October, when at the Cardiff Arms Park, his club team lost by a single point. Willis faced the same team two months later when he was selected to represent Wales against the tourists. It was a game Wales should have won, but the backs, and specifically Cliff Morgan played a poor kicking game that wasted excellent work by the Welsh pack. In his last game against South Africa, Willis was chosen for the invitational Barbarians team in the final match of the tour and for the third time Willis found himself on the losing side.
Willis played only two games of the 1952 Five Nations Championship, but played his part in a second Grand Slam winning year. He was instrumental in allowing Morgan to regain his form through his defensive shielding of his club partner during the first game against England; but after breaking his jaw in the Scottish game missed the final two matches of the tournament. In the 1953 Championship he was considered not fit enough to face England, and was forced to leave the field when he injured his shoulder against Scotland.
As in 1951, Willis was chosen to face another touring team on three occasions in 1953, when Cardiff, Wales and the Barbarians played the All Blacks. Unlike the South African games though, in two of these games Willis was on the victorious side. For Cardiff, Willis was at his best while in the game for Wales, Willis and Morgan were focused and steady, and in the last ten minutes shepherded their country to its final win over New Zealand that century. The Barbarians were not so successful, losing 5-19, though Willis was given the privilege of captaining the team.
Wales captaincy and later career.
Willis was selected for all four matches of the 1954 Five Nations Championship and although losing the opening game to England, the team won the overall Championship on score difference. In the third match of the tournament against France, Willis was awarded the captaincy. The captaincy switched from Ken Jones to Bleddyn Williams before Willis was given the captaincy again in the second match of the 1955 Championship versus Scotland. It was the only match Wales lost that year, but did not stop them winning the tournament for the fourth time that decade.
The final Welsh game of 1955 was also the last for Willis, though he continued playing for Cardiff until the end of the 1957/58 season. In 1955 he turned down an invite to tour again with the British Lions, even though there was supposed to be a bar on inviting players over the age of thirty.
International matches played.
Wales
British Lions

</doc>
<doc id="20339288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339288" title="2004 Gator Bowl">
2004 Gator Bowl

The 2004 Gator Bowl was a post-season American college football bowl game between the Maryland Terrapins and the West Virginia Mountaineers at Alltel Stadium in Jacksonville, Florida on 1 January 2004. The game was the final contest of the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season for both teams, and ended in a 41–7 victory for Maryland. 
The Maryland Terrapins (more often, simply 'Terps') earned a bid to the Gator Bowl following a 9–3 record during the 2003 regular season. It was Ralph Friedgen's third season as Maryland head coach and third consecutive bowl game, making him just the second Maryland head coach to do so in his first three seasons—the other being Bobby Ross. At the conclusion of this game, Friedgen also became the first Atlantic Coast Conference coach to ever win at least ten games in his first three seasons. Going into the game, Maryland's 30-win three seasons was the best three-year total in school history.
The West Virginia Mountaineers had finished the regular season with a record of 8–4, which already included a defeat at the hands of Maryland. Like Friedgen, it was Rich Rodriguez's third year as head coach of his program. West Virginia entered the game on a seven-game winning streak, as co-champions of the Big East conference.
The game took place in front of a crowd of 78,892 fans. The Terps got off to a quick lead, and never relented. Early in the third quarter, Maryland led 31-0 before West Virginia scored its only points. Oddly enough, the bowl game was a re-match of a regular season game which had similarly lop-sided results: Maryland had won that contest too, 34-7. It marked the fourth Terps' win over the Mountaineers in three years, by an average score of 35-13.
Team selection.
Maryland.
The 2003 season was Ralph Friedgen's third as head coach at Maryland. He had already compiled an impressive record in his first two years, elevating Terrapins football back to the national stage for the first time since Bobby Ross left the program in the wake of the Len Bias tragedy. His first year as head coach in 2001, Friedgen had led the Terrapins to a 10-2 record and the BCS Orange Bowl, for the team's first winning season in five years and the first bowl game in eleven years.
West Virginia.
West Virginia's 2003 season started off badly, with a 1-4 record including losses to Wisconsin, Maryland, and fellow Big East foes Miami and Cincinnati. However, the Mountaineers recovered to win their next seven games and secure a conference co-championship with Miami. With it they also received a bowl bid to travel to Jacksonville to face the Terps in a post-season rematch.
Game summary.
First quarter.
The game started with a West Virginia kick off into the Maryland endzone where Steve Suter returned it for 23 yards. Quarterback Scott McBrien led the Terps on a drive with Bruce Perry carrying 22 yards and a pass to Steve Suter for 16 and Jo Jo Walker for 29 yards. The Mountaineers held fast at their own 10-yard line and forced a field goal attempt. Nick Novak made good a 27-yard kick for the first points in the game.
In the next two series, West Virginia and Maryland exchanged punts. Mountaineer running back Kay-Jay Harris then fumbled the ball which was recovered by Shawne Merriman for the Terps. Maryland suffered two fumbles, by running back Bruce Perry and Scott McBrien, but recovered both. They again tried for a field goal, but Nick Novak missed the 51-yard attempt.
West Virginia took over on downs on their 34-yard line and rushed three times for 16 yards before quarterback Rasheed Marshall fumbled and Maryland linebacker Andrew Henley recovered it at midfield.
On their next possession, the Terps pushed to the Mountaineer 31-yard line before Scott McBrien completed a pass to Jafar Williams for a 31-yard touchdown.
Second quarter.
The Terps kicked off to start to 2nd quarter, and with a touchback, West Virginia took over on their 20-yard line. After a three-and-out series, they brought on their special teams unit. Steve Suter received the punt on the Maryland 24 and ran it 76 yards for a touchdown.
West Virginia took over and made a first-down, but was forced to punt again. Scott McBrien then led the Terps on an 81-yard drive capped by a 22-yard touchdown pass again to Jafar Williams.
The Mountaineers were forced three-and-out and punted once more. Maryland drove down to the West Virginia 18, but a 35-yard field goal attempt by Nick Novak was again missed. Likewise, West Virginia pushed to the Maryland 24, before missing a 41-yard field goal of their own to end the half.
Third quarter.
After Grant Wiley returned the kick 28 yards for the Mountaineers, they were once again held three-and-out and forced to punt. After driving to mid-field, Scott McBrien launched a 43-yard pass to Steve Suter. Despite good coverage from cornerback Lance Frazier, Suter was able to tip the ball with one hand and catch it in mid-air as he was diving to the ground in a tangle with Frazier. This set up a two-yard rush by McBrien for a touchdown, and Maryland expanded its lead to 31-0.
West Virginia received the kick and Adam Jones made a short return for six yards. Rasheed Marshall held onto the ball and rushed for another six yards. Kay-Jay Harris then broke free for a 29-yard run. The Mountaineers picked up another eight yards with a pass to Chris Henry. This set up a 15-yard run up the middle by quarterback Marshall for what would be West Virginia's only points of the game.
Maryland responded with another drive, including a 28-yard pass to the right to Josh Allen and a 43-yard pass up the middle to Dan Melendez. After another short run and short pass, Maryland settle for a 24-yard field goal by Novak.
Fourth quarter.
The teams traded punts, and then the Mountaineers punted once more. A 73-yard drive was then capped with a 14-yard pass to Jo Jo Walker for another touchdown, and the final points of the game. The next Mountaineers' possession was ended with a sack of second-string quarterback Charles Hales and a turnover on downs. Maryland took over on the West Virginia 38, and pushed to the 6-yard line before the game ended on 4th and 1.
Postgame effects.
The New York Times computer ranking system rated the Maryland Terrapins as the number-three team in the nation, after split-national champions USC and LSU. The rating put the Terps considerably ahead of number-four Ohio State, number-five Miami, and number-six Georgia.
The Associated Press poll placed Maryland as #17 and the ESPN/USA Today Coaches' poll ranked them as #20 in the nation.
Terps' head coach Ralph Friedgen was picked as a coach of the Kai team for the Hula Bowl opposite Ohio State head coach Jim Tressel. Maryland players Lamar Bryant (OG), Eric Dumas (OL), Dennard Wilson (S), and Jeff Dugan (TE) were selected to play for the Kai squad. Scott Smith (DE) was selected for the Las Vegas All-American Classic, while Madieu Williams (FS) played in the Senior Bowl. Bruce Perry (TB), Scott McBrien (QB), and Leon Joe (LB) played in the Gridiron Classic.

</doc>
<doc id="20339295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339295" title="Chaemae (disambiguation)">
Chaemae (disambiguation)

Chaemae may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20339296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339296" title="Banauli">
Banauli

Banauli is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2715 people living in 508 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339303" title="Baramjhiya">
Baramjhiya

Baramjhiya is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 3,626 people living in 640 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339308" title="Barhmapur">
Barhmapur

Barhmapur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of southeastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3565 people living in 665 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339316" title="BNS Kapatakhaya">
BNS Kapatakhaya

BNS "Kapatakhaya" is an Island Class Offshore patrol vessel of the Bangladeshi Navy, built as the Royal Navy offshore patrol vessel, HMS "Shetland" (P298).
History.
The vessel was laid down in 1975 by Hall, Russell & Company in Aberdeen. Modelled on the ocean-going trawlers, FPV Jura (1973) and FPV Westra (1974), HMS "Shetland" was launched on 22 October 1976.
"Shetland" became a temporary Royal Yacht when Prince Charles' helicopter was grounded by fog during a royal visit to the Isles of Scilly, transporting him to Penzance.
In 1992, "Shetland" seized cocaine with a street value of £30 million from a British-registered oil rig support vessel, east of Newcastle. In 1978, Shetland saved the trawler "Random Harvest", on fire in the North Sea.
Once decommissioned by the Royal Navy, "Shetland" was sold to Bangladesh's Navy in 2003/04, along with 4 other ships of the same class to protect the Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) in Bay of Bengal.
She was renamed BNS "Kapatakhaya".
Career.
The island class patrol boats were built to enforce a fishing zone around the UK, netting hundreds of thousands of pounds in fines.
The "Kapatakhaya" is currently under the command of the Commodore Commanding Khulna (COMKHUL). About 100 personnel serve at "Kapatakhaya", which is categorized as Large Offshore Patrol Vessel by Bangladesh Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="20339318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339318" title="Malta–Slovakia relations">
Malta–Slovakia relations

Malta–Slovakia relations are foreign relations between Malta and the Slovakia. Malta is represented in Slovakia through a non resident ambassador based in Valletta (in the Foreign Ministry). Slovakia is represented in Malta through its embassy in Rome (Italy) and an honorary consulate in Valletta. Both countries are full members of the European Union and both are fully within the Eurozone.
History.
The Slovak Republic has excellent bilateral relations with Malta, both in political and economic spheres, partly due to Malta’s backing of the Slovak Republic to join the eurozone. In 2000, Maltese Prime Minister Edward Fenech Adami also told Slovak President Rudolf Schuster in Bratislava that Malta supported Slovakia in its efforts to join NATO and the European Union. Since both countries' entries to the European Union, officials have also made efforts to strengthen relations based on tourism.
Bilateral agreements.
As of 2008, Slovakia and Malta had six bilateral agreements spelling out cooperation in the avoidance of double taxation, air services, health care, combating crime, visa abolition, and investment.
In September 2009, Malta and Slovakia signed a memorandum of understanding setting the framework within which authorities from the two countries will identify, screen and facilitate the process of adoption of Slovak children by couples in Malta.
Official visits.
In 2001 Slovak prime minister Mikuláš Dzurinda visited Malta at the invitation of Maltese premier Edward Fenech Adami, and negotiated the integration of both countries into the European Union and the economic cooperation between Malta and Slovakia. Also in 2001, President of Malta Guido de Marco made a two-day official visit to Slovakia and met with Slovak President Rudolf Schuster. They agreed to widen cooperation in food and wood processing industries along with tourism. In 2008 Slovak agency SARIA signed with Malta Enterprise a treaty of reciprocal assistance related to third world countries. Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico visited Maltese capital Valletta in 2008.
Slovak Deputy Prime Minister Dusan Caplovic visited Malta in October 2008 and had a meeting with Foreign Minister Tonio Borg. Dr. Borg described Maltese/Slovak relations as excellent. The Foreign Ministers discussed EU matters, notably the Lisbon Treaty, bilateral relations, illegal immigration, climate change and energy security issues.
Dr. Borg and the Foreign Affairs Minister of the Slovak Republic, Miroslav Lajcak, met in October 2009. Dr. Borg said that Slovakia is committed to help Malta to share its burden on illegal immigration and the Slovak Government announced that it will be taking a number of illegal immigrants from Malta.

</doc>
<doc id="20339321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339321" title="Barsain">
Barsain

Barsain is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4445 people living in 751 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339346" title="1998–99 Scottish League Cup">
1998–99 Scottish League Cup

The 1998–1999 Scottish League Cup was the 53rd staging of the Scotland's second most prestigious football knockout competition. The competition was won by Rangers, who defeated St. Johnstone 2–1 in the Final. The Final was played at Celtic Park because Hampden Park was being redeveloped, work which was completed in time for the 1999 Scottish Cup Final.
This was the last season in which the competition was completed in the autumn, which meant that there was no League Cup Final held in the calendar year of 1999. The next Final to be played was the 1999–2000 Final, which was played in March 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20339347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339347" title="1928–29 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1928–29 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1928-29 campaign was a season that saw Town fall from grace, finishing down in 16th place, a far cry from their top 2 finishes in the past 5 seasons. They did manage to reach the semi-finals of the FA Cup, but it didn't stop Jack Chaplin losing his job at the end of the season.
Review.
The Terriers seemed to be on top of the world during the last 5 seasons of league football. After winning the title for 3 seasons in a row and finishing 2nd the next 2 seasons, some were wondering what would happen during this season. Unfortunately, they shouldn't have asked. The only good points of the season came from 3 of the 14 league wins, 6-1 victories over Yorkshire rivals Leeds United and Sheffield United and a 7-1 win over Pennine rivals Burnley. They also reached the semi-finals of the FA Cup, before losing to Bolton Wanderers at Anfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20339364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339364" title="Basbalpur">
Basbalpur

Basbalpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2658 people living in 446 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339372" title="Basbiti">
Basbiti

Basbiti is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,910 people living in 539 individual households.The village is located 5 km south of Rupani and 5  km north from Rajbiraj (the headquarters of Saptari district). Rupani and Rajbiraj are connected by the road RamLaxam marg and the village is situated east to the road. The people of this village are either from Hindu (the castes like Kayastha, Yadav, Sharma, Mandal, Brahman, Bhagat, Chaudhary, Teli) or from Muslim society. It has only one secondary school and a madarsha (a school in which children are educated in Urdu and about Islam). One industrial state is also located at this vdc named as Gajendra Narayan Singh industrial state (named after the late person and founder member of Nepal Sadbhawana party) which was built with the joint co-operation of Nepal government and India government. The literacy percent of this village is low but day by day the literacy percent is increasing. The life style of this village is simple. The main business of the people is farming and working at golf country. People from the Hindu community celebrate feasts like Dashain, Tihar, Krishanasthami, Chhath, and people from the Muslim society celebrate feasts like Ramjan And Bakrid.

</doc>
<doc id="20339380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339380" title="Bathnaha, Sagarmatha">
Bathnaha, Sagarmatha

Bathnaha is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3620 people living in 681 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339388" title="Belhi, Saptari">
Belhi, Saptari

Belhi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3309 people living in 583 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339392" title="Belhi Chapma">
Belhi Chapma

Belhi Chapma is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4225 people living in 755 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339393" title="Hịch tướng sĩ">
Hịch tướng sĩ

Proclamation to the Officers also Call of Soldiers (Vietnamese: Hịch tướng sĩ; traditional Chinese: 諭諸裨將檄文; Sino-Vietnamese transcription: Dự chu tì tướng hịch văn) (full record of "Hịch tướng sĩ" in Vietnamese) was written by General Tran Hung Dao (1228–1300) right before the second Mongol invasion of Dai Viet. The proclamation was issued to motivate the soldiers' spirit so that they could defeat the incoming Mongol invaders.
Text.
Sino-Vietnamese version.
余常聞之 
由于以背受戈而蔽招王 
申蒯断臂而赴國難 
杲卿一遠臣也口罵禄山而不從逆賊之計 
設使數子區區為兒女子之態 
與天地相為不朽哉 
世為將種不曉文義 
古先之事姑置勿論 
王公堅何人也 
以釣魚鎖鎖斗大之城 
使宋之生靈至今受賜 
其裨將赤脩思又何人也 
獗南詔於數旬之頃 
況余與汝等生於擾攘之秋 
竊見偽使往來道途旁午 
委犬羊之尺軀而倨傲宰祔 
假雲南王之號而揫金銀以竭有限之傥庫 
臨餐忘食中夜撫枕 
常以未能食肉寢皮絮肝飲血為恨也 
余之百身高於草野 
亦願為之 
久居門下掌握兵權 
無食者則食之以食 
祿薄者則給其俸 
委之以兵則生死同其所為 
其是 
坐視主辱曾不為憂 
為邦國之將侍立夷宿而無忿心 
或鬥雞以為樂或賭博以為娛 
或戀妻子以私於己 
恣田獵之遊而怠攻守之習 
脱有蒙韃之寇來 
賭博之術不足以施軍謀 
妻拏之累不足以充軍國之用 
獵犬之力不足以驅賊眾 
淫聲不足以聾虜耳 
不唯余之采邑被削 
不唯余之家小被驅 
不唯余之祖宗社稷為他人之所踐侵 
不唯余之今生受辱雖百世之下臭名難洗惡謚長存 
當此之時汝等雖欲肆其娛樂 
當以措火積薪為危 
訓練士卒習爾弓矢 
人人逄蒙家家后羿 
朽雲南之肉於杲街 
而汝等之俸祿亦終身之受賜 
而汝等之妻拏亦百年之佳老 
而汝等之祖父亦春秋之血食 
而汝等百世之下芳名不朽 
而汝等之姓名亦遺芳於青史矣 
得乎 
汝等 
或暴棄是書違余教誨是夙世之仇讎也 
蒙韃乃不共戴天之讎 
而又不教士卒是倒戈迎降空拳受敵 
上有何面目立於天地覆載之間耶 
English translation.
I have often read the story of Ji Xin who replaced the Emperor Gao of Han to save him from death, of Yao Yu who took a blow in his back to spare King Chao, of Yu Rang who swallowed burning charcoal to avenge his leader, of Shin Kuai who cut off an arm to save his country, of young Jing De who rescued the Emperor Taizong of Tang besieged by Wang Shi Chong, and Gao Qing, a subject living far from the Court, who insulted the rebel An Lu Shan to his face. Every century has produced heroes who have sacrificed their lives for their country. If they had remained at home to die by the fire, would their names have been inscribed on bamboo and silk to live eternally in Heaven and on the Earth?
But as descendants of warrior families, you are not well-versed in letters; on hearing about these deeds of the past, you may have some doubts. Let us speak of them no more. I shall tell you instead of several more recent events that have taken place during the years of the Song and Yuan dynasties.
Who was Wang Gong Jian? And who was his lieutenant Ruan Wen Li? They were the ones who defended the great citadel of Diao Yu against Mongke's immense army; Therefore, the Song people will be eternally grateful to them.
Who was Uriyangqatai? And who was his lieutenant Qisusi? They were the ones who drove deep into an unhealthful country in order to put down the Nanchao bandits and they did it within the space of a few weeks; therefore, their names have remained rooted in the minds of the Mongol military chieftains.
You and I were born in a period of troubles and have grown up at a time when the Fatherland is in danger. We have seen the enemy ambassadors haughtily traveling over our roads and wagging their owlish tongues to insult the Court. Despicable as dogs and goats, they boldly humiliate our high officials. Supported by the Mongol Khan, they incessantly demand the payment of pearls, silks, gold and silver. Our wealth is limited but their cupidity is infinite. To yield to their exactions would be to feed their insatiable appetites and would set a dangerous precedent for the future.
In the face of these dangers to the Fatherland, I fail to eat during the day and to sleep at night. Tears roll down my cheeks and my heart bleeds as if it were being cut to shreds. I tremble with anger because I cannot eat our enemy's flesh, lie down in his skin, chew up his liver, and drink his blood. I would gladly surrender my life a thousand times on the field of battle if I could do these things.
You have served in the army under my orders for a long time. When you needed clothing, I clothed you; when you lacked rice, I fed you; when your rank was too low, I promoted you; when your pay was insufficient, I increased it. If you had to travel by water, I supplied you with vessels; if you had to travel by land, I supplied you with horses. In time of war, we shared the same dangers; at the banquet table our laughter resounded in unison. Indeed, even Wang Gong Jian and Uriyangqatai did not show more solicitude for their officers than I have displayed for you.
And now, you remain calm when your emperor is humiliated; you remain indifferent when your country is threatened! You, officers, are forced to serve the barbarians and you feel no shame! You hear the music played for their ambassadors and you do not leap up in anger. No, you amuse yourselves at the cockfights, in gambling, in the possession of your gardens and rice fields, and in the tranquility of family life. The exploitation of your personal affairs makes you forget your duties to the State; the distractions of the fields and of the hunt make you neglect military exercises; you are seduced by liquor and music. If the enemy comes, will your cocks' spurs be able to pierce his armor? Will the ruses you use in your games of chance be of use in repulsing him? Will the love of your wives and children be of any use in the Army? Your money would neither suffice to buy the enemy's death, your alcohol to besot him, nor your music to deafen him.
All of us, you and I together, would then be taken prisoner. What grief! And not only would I lose my fief, but your property too would fall into enemy hands. It would not be my family alone that would be driven out, but your wives and children would also be reduced to slavery. It would not be only the graves of my ancestors that would be trampled under the invader's heel, but those of your ancestors would also be violated. I would be humiliated in this life and in a hundred others to come, and my name would be ignominiously tarnished. Your family's honor would also be sullied forever with the shame of your defeat. Tell me: Could you then indulge yourselves in pleasures?
I say to you in all frankness: Take care as if you were piling wood by the fire or about to imbibe a hot liquid. Exercise your soldiers in the skills of archery until they are the equals of Peng Meng and Hou Yi, those famous archers of olden times. Then we will display Kublai's head at the gates of the Imperial Palace and send the King of Yunnan to the gallows.
After that, not only my fief will be safe forever, but your privileges too will be assured for the future. Not only my family will enjoy the comforts of life, but you too will be able to spend your old age with your wives and children. Not only the memory of my ancestors will be venerated from generation to generation, but yours too will be worshipped in the spring and autumn of every year. Not only will I have accomplished my aspirations in this life, but your fame too will endure for a hundred centuries to come. Not only will my name be immortalized, but yours too will find a place in our nation's history. At that moment, would you not be perfectly happy even if you did not expect to be?
I have studied every military treatise in order to write my manual entitled "Principles of Military Strategy". If you will make an effort to study it conscientiously, to instruct yourselves in its teachings, and to follow my directions, you will become my true companions-in-arms. On the other hand, if you fail to study it and ignore my advice, you will become my enemies. Why? Because the Mongols are our mortal enemies; we cannot live under the same sky with them.
If you refuse to fight the Mongols in order to wash away the national shame, if you do not train your soldiers to drive out these barbarians, it would be to surrender to them. If that is what you want, your names will be dishonored forever. And when the enemy has finally been defeated, how will you be able to hold your head high between Heaven and Earth?
The purpose of this proclamation is to let you know my deepest thoughts.

</doc>
<doc id="20339400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339400" title="António de Gama Pereira">
António de Gama Pereira

António de Gama Pereira (1520–1604) was a Portuguese jurist.
After studies in Coimbra and Bologna from 1537 to 1549, he served on Portugal's highest courts, the "Casa de Suplicação" and the "Desembargo do Paço". His most significant work, the "Decisiones Supremi Senatus Lusitaniae centuriae IV" (1578), a much-edited compilation of supreme court decisions, were republished in Venice and Antwerp, attesting to their pan-European scholarly impact.

</doc>
<doc id="20339401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339401" title="Bhagawatpur">
Bhagawatpur

Bhagawatpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4111 people living in 653 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339406" title="Bhangha">
Bhangha

Bhangha is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4281 people living in 750 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339413" title="Bhardaha">
Bhardaha

Bhardaha is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5484 people living in 985 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339414" title="T26">
T26

T26 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20339424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339424" title="Bhutahi">
Bhutahi

Bhutahi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2929 people living in 591 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339431" title="Birpur Barahi">
Birpur Barahi

Birpur Barahi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4761 people living in 921 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339437" title="Bishariya">
Bishariya

Bishariya is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5669 people living in 1096 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339445" title="Bodebarsaien">
Bodebarsaien

Bodebarsaien is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4967.

</doc>
<doc id="20339448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339448" title="Chikubu Island">
Chikubu Island

The island's geographic coordinates are 35°25′24″ N, 136°8′37″ E. Its area is 0.14 km² and its coastline measures 2 km. The highest point has an elevation of 197 m. It is under the administration of the city of Nagahama, Shiga Prefecture.
Several works of the Japanese performing arts relate to Chikubu. They include the Noh play "Chikubushima" and the Heike Biwa work "Chikubushima Mōde", two koto melodies named "Chikubushima", a "jōruri" ("itchūbushi"), a "nagauta", and a "tokiwazu-bushi" of the same name.
On the island are various places of interest. In the southern part are the Tsukubusuma Shrine, said to have been established in 420, and Hōgon-ji, a Shingon temple said to date from 724. Formerly known as Chikubu Benzai-ten, it ranks with the Enoshima Shrine in the Kantō region and the Itsukushima Shrine in the Chūgoku Region as one of Japan's Three Great Benzaiten Shrines.
During the Sengoku period, retainers of Azai Nagamasa confined his father Hisamasa to Chikubu Island, forcing him into retirement and establishing Nagamasa as his successor.
References.
This article incorporates material translated from 竹生島 ("Chikubu-shima") in the Japanese Wikipedia, retrieved on November 21, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20339472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339472" title="Marshall Point Light">
Marshall Point Light

Marshall Point Light Station is a lighthouse at the entrance of Port Clyde Harbor in Port Clyde, Maine. The light station was established in 1832.
History.
Marshall Point Light Station was established in 1832 to assist boats entering and leaving Port Clyde Harbor. The original lighthouse was a tower lit by seven lard oil lamps with 14-inch reflectors.
The original tower was replaced with the present lighthouse in 1857. The lighthouse is a tall white brick tower on a granite foundation. The tower was originally lit with a 5th order Fresnel lens. A raised wooden walkway connects the tower to land.
In 1895, the original keeper's house was destroyed by lightning. A Colonial Revival style house was built to replace it. An oil house and a bell tower with a bell were added in 1898. The bell was replaced with a fog horn in 1969.
The lighthouse was automated in 1980 and the original Fresnel lens was replaced with a modern optic.
The original lens is at the Maine Lighthouse Museum in Rockland. In 1986, the St. George Historical Society restored the keeper's house and established the Marshall Point Lighthouse Museum there, presenting the histories of Marshall Point Light and other nearby lighthouses. The light station was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The lighthouse appeared in the 1994 film "Forrest Gump".
The light station was transferred to the town of St. George in 1998 under the Maine Lights Program. The fog signal has been dismantled but the bell remains on display.

</doc>
<doc id="20339473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339473" title="Marquess of Heusden">
Marquess of Heusden

Marquess of Heusden is a high-ranking Dutch title of nobility retained by the Earl of Clancarty.
Richard Trench, 2nd Earl of Clancarty was credited with resolving various border disputes in Holland, Germany and Italy at the Congress of Vienna (1814 – 1815) and in his role as Ambassador to the Netherlands. For his service as ambassador to The Hague, he was raised into the Dutch nobility with the creation of the hereditary title "Markies van Heusden" (Marquess of Heusden) by King William I of the Netherlands (royal decree 8 July 1815 no. 14).
Nobility.
The 2nd Earl of Clancarty and all his descendants belong to the Dutch nobility, in which all the descendant Earls have the title of "Marquess of Heusden"; the remainder of the descendants carry the Dutch honorific title "Jonkheer" or "Jonkvrouw".
Only two outside of the Netherlands living non-Dutch families have been raised into the Dutch nobility: besides the family Le Poer Trench, this is also the family Wellesley, with the Duke of Wellington as the Prince of Waterloo.
List of Marquesses of Heusden (1815 - ).
There is no heir to the title.

</doc>
<doc id="20339488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339488" title="Gurgel BR-800">
Gurgel BR-800

Gurgel BR-800 was a small Brazilian car produced between 1988 and early 1992. The project started under the acronym CENA, meaning "National Economical Car" ("Carro Econômico NAcional", in Portuguese), designed to be essentially a small car for urban daily use. It received great attention and good reviews from critics, regarding the mechanic solutions, comfort, drivability and stability. At the September 1987 introduction the car was named the Gurgel 280 but by the time sales started it had finally become the BR-800. The car could only be purchased if the buyer also bought 750 shares in Gurgel, making it considerably more expensive than the much bigger and more capable Chevrolet Chevette, the then cheapest new car available in Brazil.
The project was favoured by Brazil's then-president, José Sarney, who ensured large unsecured loans for Gurgel's project and also allowed it to be sold at an especially low sales tax. Nonetheless, only about 4,000 were built in around four years of production.
Mechanics.
The engine, called the Gurgel Enertron, was developed by Gurgel themselves. This is a water-cooled gasoline engine with two opposed piston cylinders. Essentially a halved VW boxer-four engine, it was developed with either 650 cc or 800 cc displacements, generating and respectively. It had a very simple and robust design, eliminating totally the V-belt by using the crankshaft for activating the alternator, and the camshaft for water and oil pump. In a later stage of development, the V-belt was reintroduced for the alternator, so that the battery would be charged even at low engine speeds.
The car's ride also came in for heavy complaints, due to the use of Gurgel's own "Springshock" suspension. This system, made mainly from synthetic materials, was abandoned for a more conventional setup for the succeeding Supermini.
The body was made using Plasteel, designed for four passengers, and considered by some to have a good level of space for passengers and the driver, despite being less than in length. During development, the little 650 cc engine was set aside, and only a 32 PS version of the 800 cc engine entered production. Nonetheless, the car was considered underpowered, with a top speed of . Power was increased to for the later SL version. The body, in order to save costs, has flat windows.
Between 1988 and July 1990, Gurgel BR-800 had the IPI tax reduced to 7%, thus giving a great advantage for Gurgel. In July 1990, the Brazilian president Fernando Collor decided to give a similar tax cut to all cars with engines smaller than one litre, thus equating the price of the BR-800 with those of significantly larger and more usable cars, reducing the BR-800 sales to a trickle.
By the end of 1991, the BR-800 received some restyling and other improvements, it was now sold under the name BR-SL. This then received some general improvements and a more thorough restyling, evolving into the Gurgel Supermini.

</doc>
<doc id="20339489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339489" title="Boriya">
Boriya

Boriya is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4471.

</doc>
<doc id="20339496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339496" title="Eldoret East Constituency">
Eldoret East Constituency

Eldoret East Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies in Uasin Gishu District. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20339499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339499" title="Brahmapur, Nepal">
Brahmapur, Nepal

Brahmapur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4662.

</doc>
<doc id="20339503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339503" title="Chhinnamasta, Nepal">
Chhinnamasta, Nepal

Chhinnamasta is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6770 people living in 1146 individual households.
The goddess Chhinnamasta is popular throughout Nepal and part of India. From the capital of Nepal it is in 482 km east. From Rajbiraj it is in 10 km south.

</doc>
<doc id="20339517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339517" title="Bill Ryan">
Bill Ryan

Bill Ryan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20339589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339589" title="Turbo marmoratus">
Turbo marmoratus

Turbo marmoratus, the marbled turban or great green turban, is a large species of marine gastropod with a calcareous operculum in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails. 
Some authors place this species in the subgenus "Turbo (Lunatica)".
Distribution.
These large snails live in tropical reefs in the Indian Ocean (off Tanzania, Madagascar, Aldabra and the Mascarene Basin) and tropical western Pacific oceans; also off Queensland, Australia. They are nocturnal and feed on algae.[http://www.nhm.ac.uk/nature-online/species-of-the-day/biodiversity/endangered-species/turbo-marmoratus/index.html]
Description.
The distinctive shell grows to a length of 18 cm. It bears blunt tubercles, especially strong on the shoulders. Its colour is greyish-green. Its large, circular aperture has a golden, pearly shine.
"Turbo marmoratus" is the host of the ectoparasitic copepod "Anthessius isamusi" Uyeno & Nagasawa, 2012
The shell of marbled turbans is used as a source of nacre. Also, the large operculum of "Turbo marmoratus" have been used as paperweights.[http://www.manandmollusc.net/operculum_paul.html].

</doc>
<doc id="20339611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339611" title="Dauda, Nepal">
Dauda, Nepal

Dauda is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4227 people living in 793 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339617" title="Daulatpur, Sagarmatha">
Daulatpur, Sagarmatha

Daulatpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3525 people living in 654 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339620" title="Deuri, Nepal">
Deuri, Nepal

Deuri is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3078 people living in 640 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339631" title="Deurimaruwa">
Deurimaruwa

Deurimaruwa is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2349 people living in 430 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20339648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339648" title="Online grocer">
Online grocer

Online Grocer refers to a grocery store that allows private individuals and businesses to purchase groceries and grocery products online. There is usually a delivery charge for this service. Online grocery delivery services are available throughout the UK, Asia and North America, mostly in urban centres.
Delivery.
The first method of delivery involves shipping groceries using courier services. If the order contains cold or frozen items, the grocer will use the method of "Flash freezing" the goods and pack them into special shipping containers. These online grocers usually offer a large or national delivery area.
The second method of grocery delivery is a personal delivery. Most local online grocers have their own drivers and are able to deliver goods faster than the first method. The most common type of personal delivery involves storing grocery inventory in a warehouse to deliver to customers once orders are placed. Another type of personal delivery which is less common is based on just-in-time business in which there is no warehouse or inventory. In this type of delivery, customers place orders for next-day delivery. The online grocer shops for the groceries on the morning of the delivery day. 
Locations.
Online grocery delivery services are currently available throughout the UK, Asia and North America, mostly in urban centres.

</doc>
<doc id="20339657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339657" title="Gurgel Supermini">
Gurgel Supermini

The Gurgel Supermini was a small Brazilian car produced between 1992 and 1994.
Compared to the Gurgel BR-800 on which it was based, it had better finish, with improvements to the body and the engine. The Enertron engine got larger intake valves, giving 4 more horsepower - thus offering . The horizontal windows were also replaced by vertical ones. Its peak of production was in its first months of 1992, before the factory went into bankruptcy. Gurgel was not able to compete in an open market.

</doc>
<doc id="20339669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339669" title="T40">
T40

T40 or T-40 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="20339705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339705" title="Florencio García Goyena">
Florencio García Goyena

Florencio García Goyena (1783, Tafalla, Navarre – 1855) was a Spanish jurist.
García Goyena studied law in Madrid and Salamanca before serving as legal counsel to the Cortes of Navarra and the governors of the provinces of Léon, Granada and Zaragoza. A liberal, he went into French exile from 1823 to 1834. Back in Spain, he served as fiscal of Burgos and as official in the provinces of Navarra, Guipúzcoa and Zaragoza. In 1835, García Goyena was appointed a judge of the appeals court in Burgos and later of the "Audiencia" and the Supreme Court in Madrid. In 1847 he briefly served as Minister of Justice.
He chaired a commission that produced, in 1851, a draft civil code for Spain, most of it written by García Goyena. Although the code was not adopted due to the strong opposition of leading regional families, who saw their power base threatened by the proposed harmonisation of regional inheritance and property laws, it was the basis of the codification later accomplished by Alonso Martínez in 1888/89.

</doc>
<doc id="20339724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339724" title="Farzad Hatami">
Farzad Hatami

Farzad Jalal Hatemi (born 3 January 1986 in Tehran) is an Iranian professional footballer who currently plays for Perspolis in the Iran Pro League.
Club career.
Club career statistics.
Last Update 24 December 2013 
International Career.
He made his debut against Korea Republic on 18 June 2013 where Iran qualified for the 2014 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20339737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339737" title="Joseph Majcher">
Joseph Majcher

Joseph Majcher is a Canadian former soccer player who played at both professional and international levels as a midfielder.
Club career.
Majcher played club football for the Toronto Rockets during the 1994 season.
International career.
Majcher earned three caps for Canada between 1991 and 1992, including one appearance at the 1991 CONCACAF Gold Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20339749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339749" title="2009 ANZ Championship season">
2009 ANZ Championship season

The 2009 ANZ Championship season was the second season of the ANZ Championship, commencing on 4 April 2009. The 2009 season comprised 69 matches played over 17 weeks. The format of the competition was unchanged from last year, starting with a 14-week round robin followed by a three-week finals series. After a very hectic transfer season, teams were confirmed and the competition began. 
The top four teams from the round-robin stage progressed to the finals stage. The Melbourne Vixens finished the round robin as minor premiers, followed by the Waikato Bay of Plenty Magic, Adelaide Thunderbirds and Southern Steel.
The grand final was played on Sunday 26 July at Hisense Arena in Melbourne, contested between the Vixens and Thunderbirds. The Melbourne Vixens emerged as champions for the 2009 season after defeating the Thunderbirds by 54–46. 
Format.
The format of the 2009 season is identical to that of the 2008 season. During the round-robin stage, played over 14 weeks, each team played every other team once, and played teams from their home country a second time, with one bye somewhere between Rounds 5–9. The top four teams from the round-robin stage progressed to the finals stage, played over three weeks in a Page-McIntyre System.
Round 1 matchups in 2008 were identical to the round 14 matchups in 2009. In addition, in trans-Tasman matches the home and away teams are switched around from 2008 to ensure that the teams get to play home and away games over two years: e.g., the Swifts hosted the Magic in round 3 in 2008, but the same game in 2009 will be hosted by the Magic. The 2009 season featured a "Rivalry Round" in Week 13, in which all matches were contested between teams from Australia and New Zealand. Round 4 matchups in 2008 were identical to the matchups in "Rivalry Round". The goals scored by each country were accumulated, with Australia winning the inaugural Rivalry Round Trophy.
Transfer Season.
"See the 2009 Transfer Season"
The 2008 Off season, saw franchises working hard to sign up the best talent in the ANZ competition, while trying to remain under the Salary Cap. Several teams including the Southern Steel, Waikato/BOP Magic and the Queensland Firebirds looked like teams that improved their rosters the most, joining the NSW Swifts, Adelaide Thunderbirds and the Melbourne Vixens with potential to win the second edition of the competition. The Steel went out to sign all the old guns, picking up its former Southern Sting star duo of former Silver Ferns Adine Wilson and Donna Wilkins, while also inking international defender Sheryl Scanlan. The Waikato/BOP Magic added to its already five current internationals players by putting star backline player Leana de Bruin in the mix also. The Canterbury Tactix signed impressive defender Sonia Mkoloma from the Central Pulse, with the Wellington based Pulse, just replacing her with another talent, Jamaican goal keeper Althea Byfield. Things were calmer in Australia, the Queensland Firebirds remained strong on paper, resigning 2008 MVP Romelda Aiken, English import Tamsin Greenway and Australian stars Lauren Nourse and Laura Geitz. The West Coast Fever could well of bought the best future talent in the game, signing midcourters Madison Browne and Shae Bolton from the Melbourne Vixens to bolster their midcourt.
Pre-season.
The first pre-season tournament was held in Queenstown in New Zealand from 20–22 February at the Queenstown Events Centre. Several ANZ Championship teams participated, including the Steel, Mystics, Swifts and Pulse, and the Australian Institute of Sport also sent a team. The Tactix were scheduled to attend as well, but pulled out due to lack of player availability. The Mystics went through the tournament undefeated, beating defending ANZ Championship winners the Swifts 58–53 on the final day.
The official pre-season tournament is the Sydney Olympic Park Netball Cup (SOPA Cup), held in Sydney from 6–8 March. Seven ANZ Championship franchises participated in the tournament, including the Firebirds, Swifts, Vixens, Thunderbirds, Fever, Magic and Steel, along with a representative team from the Australian Institute of Sport. In a replay of last year's grand final, the Swifts and Magic fought out a close draw. By the end of the tournament, the Swifts emerged as champions, receiving a winner's prize of $10,000.
The Waipa Pre-Season Tournament was the third and last in the 2009 pre-season, held from 20–22 March at the Te AwamutuEvents Centre. This tournament featured the Magic, Mystics and Pulse from the ANZ Championship, as well as the New Zealand U21 team. Hosted by the Magic, the home team took out the tournament.
Fixtures.
All listed times are local: New Zealand times are UTC+12; Queensland, New South Wales and Victorian times are UTC+10; South Australian times are ; and Western Australian times are UTC+8.
Results in parentheses indicate tied scores at the end of regular time, with the final score after extra time given above them.
Round 13: 'Rivalry Round'.
All matches involved trans-Tasman clashes. Goals scored by Australian and New Zealand teams were accumulated, and the country with the most goals won. Despite New Zealand teams winning three of the five matches, Australia won the Rivalry Round Trophy by 261–252.

</doc>
<doc id="20339756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339756" title="Factual film">
Factual film

Factual film may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20339766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339766" title="Lou Bauer">
Lou Bauer

Louis Walter Bauer (November 30, 1898 – February 4, 1979) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Bauer played for Philadelphia Athletics in the 1918 season. 
He played just one game in his career, giving up two runs, one of them earned, and two walks. 
Bauer was born in Egg Harbor City, New Jersey and died in Pomona, New Jersey. He was the 6th youngest player in the 1918 season, at the age of 19.

</doc>
<doc id="20339782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339782" title="Conus guinaicus">
Conus guinaicus

Conus guinaicus is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk. It is part of the genus "Conus", more popularly known as cone snails, cone shells or cones. 
Description.
The size of an adult shell varies between 22 mm and 60 mm. The inflated shell is rather thin. The spire and lower portion of the body whorl are striate. The color of the shell is chestnut or olivaceous, with usually two bands of irregular white cloudings, and scattered white spots. The aperture has a chocolate color, faintly white-banded in the middle. 
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean along Senegal.

</doc>
<doc id="20339811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339811" title="Newman Flower">
Newman Flower

Sir Walter Newman Flower (8 July 1879 – 12 March 1964) was an English publisher and author. He transformed the fortunes of the publishing house Cassell & Co, and later became its proprietor. As an author, he published studies of the composers George Frideric Handel, Franz Schubert and (as co-author) Arthur Sullivan. He also edited the million-word journals of Arnold Bennett for publication.
Life and career.
Flower was born at Fontmell Magna, Dorset, England. He was the eldest son of John Walter Flower. After schooling at the Whitgift School he entered the publishing trade in London at the age of 17. 
Publishing.
Flower trained under Lord Northcliffe at the Harmsworth Press, after which he joined Cassell & Co in 1906. Cassell was at that time in the doldrums, but Flower built up a stable of magazine titles that grew to dominate the British magazine market for many years. In 1912 he was given charge of the book publishing branch of the company, where he brought in such authors as Arnold Bennett, G. K. Chesterton and H. G. Wells.
In 1926, Cassell's magazines were sold to the Amalgamated Press, and Flower raised enough money to buy the book-publishing branch of the company, becoming proprietor and managing director in 1927. In 1938, shortly after receiving a knighthood for services to literature, he retired, but returned during World War II to look after the literary affairs of the company while his successor, his son Desmond, was on active service. Flower commissioned Winston Churchill's "A History of the English-Speaking Peoples", which was eventually completed and published during the 1950s. During the war years, Churchill promised Flower that Cassell would be offered anything he later wrote about the war. "The Times" described the result, Churchill's "The Second World War", as "perhaps the greatest coup of twentieth century publishing."
Writing.
Flower was also an author. His life of George Frideric Handel was published in 1923 and reissued in a revised edition in 1959. The book was well received, but later writers on Handel have disputed Flower's portrait of Handel as "sexless and safe". In 1927, Flower collaborated with Herbert Sullivan in a biography of the latter's uncle, "Sir Arthur Sullivan, his Life and Letters". This too was well received at the time but also suffered later from critical disapproval for sanitising its subject by suppressing evidence of Sullivan's gambling and sexual liaisons. In 1928 Flower published a study of Franz Schubert, and in 1945 and 1950 he published two volumes of memoirs. His largest literary project was to prepare the journals of Arnold Bennett for publication – more than a million words in manuscript to be edited. Rupert Hart-Davis later commented on "the prudish timidity of their editor, old Newman Flower. According to Hugh Walpole, N. F. was so appalled by much of what he found in the journals that he published only brief extracts, and those the safest."
Personal life.
Flower was twice married, first in 1903 to Evelyne Readwin of Wells, Norfolk, with whom he had one son, and second in 1943 to Bridget Downes of Coore, County Clare, Ireland. He died at his home, Tarrant Keynston House, near Blandford, Dorset, aged 84.

</doc>
<doc id="20339839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339839" title="FC Nordjylland">
FC Nordjylland

FC Nordjylland was the professional team of Danish football club Aalborg Chang from season 2001-02 until its liquidation at the end of season 2003-04. The team earned promotion to Danish 1st Division in its final season of existence but had to be disbanded after the main sponsor withdrew his financial support.

</doc>
<doc id="20339841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339841" title="Uncial 0236">
Uncial 0236

Uncial 0236 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek-Coptic uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 5th century.
Description.
The codex contains two small parts of the Acts of the Apostles 3:12-13,15-16, on one parchment leaf (22 cm by 18 cm). Written in two columns per page, 26 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
It was examined by Pasquale Orsini.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1954.
Currently the codex is housed at the Pushkin Museum (Golenishev Copt. 55) in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20339847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339847" title="Eldoret South Constituency">
Eldoret South Constituency

Eldoret South Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies in Uasin Gishu District. The constituency was established for the 1966 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20339851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339851" title="Nick Miller">
Nick Miller

Nick or Nicholas Miller may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20339860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339860" title="Sid Benton">
Sid Benton

Sidney Wright Benton (August 4, 1894 – March 8, 1977) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Benton played for St. Louis Cardinals in the season. He played just one game in his career, facing two batters and walking both of them.
He attended the University of Arkansas.

</doc>
<doc id="20339870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339870" title="Carmine Marcantonio">
Carmine Marcantonio

Carmine Marcantonio (born 21 November 1954 in Castel di Sangro, Italy) is a retired Canadian soccer player who earned two caps for the national team between 1976 and 1980. He played club football for Toronto Metros-Croatia, Toronto Italia, Washington Diplomats, Montreal Manic and New York Cosmos.

</doc>
<doc id="20339875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339875" title="Nicholas Trench, 9th Earl of Clancarty">
Nicholas Trench, 9th Earl of Clancarty

Nicholas Le Poer Trench, 9th Earl of Clancarty, 8th Marquess of Heusden (born 1 May 1952) is an Irish peer, as well a nobleman in the Dutch nobility. He serves as an elected Crossbench member of the British House of Lords. 
Family.
He was born the only son of Power Edward Ford Le Poer Trench, second son of the fifth Earl from his second marriage. He is married to the journalist Victoria Lambert. 
There is no identified male heir to the titles, although the 9th Earl and Countess have a daughter, Lady Rowena. The title therefore risks becoming extinct. 
Membership of House of Lords.
In 1995 he succeeded to the titles on the death of his childless uncle, Brinsley Le Poer Trench, 8th Earl of Clancarty. He took his seat in the House of Lords at this time as Viscount Clancarty, a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom, because titles in the Peerage of Ireland did not entitle their holders to sit even before the House of Lords Act 1999 removed the majority of the hereditary peers. 
Under the terms of that Act, Clancarty lost his automatic right to a seat; he was unsuccessful in the election by the Crossbench hereditary peers of 28 of their number to continue to sit after the Act came into force, finishing 37th in a field of 79 candidates. 
He was an unsuccessful candidate in four by-elections caused by the deaths of sitting hereditary peers, being runner-up on two occasions. In 2010 he returned to the House after winning the by-election to replace 4th Viscount Colville of Culross. 
Career.
Clancarty is a self-employed artist and freelance writer and translator.

</doc>
<doc id="20339884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339884" title="Lambis lambis">
Lambis lambis

Lambis lambis, common name the spider conch, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs. 
Shell description.
The maximum shell length for this species is up to 29 cm, and average length stands for 18 cm.
"Lambis lambis" has a very large, robust and heavy shell. One of its most striking characteristics is its flared outer lip, ornamented by six hollow marginal digitations. These digitations present subtle differences in shape between genders in this species, as the three anteriormost digitations are short and posteriorly bent in male individuals, and longer and dorsally recurved in females. The color of the shell is highly variable, being white or cream externally and often presenting brown, purplish or bluish black patches. The interior is glazed and may be pink, orange or purple.
Distribution.
This species is widespread in the Indo-West Pacific, including Aldabra, Kenya, Madagascar, Mauritius, Mozambique, the Persian Gulf and the Red Sea, Seychelles, Tanzania, Micronesia, eastern Melanesia, Taiwan, southern Japan and northern Australia.
Ecology.
Habitat.
This sea snail lives in mangrove areas, as well as reef flats and coral-rubble bottoms in shallow water from low tide levels to depths of 5m. It is usually found in association with red algae.
Feeding habits.
"Lambis lambis" is known to be herbivorous, feeding on fine red algae.

</doc>
<doc id="20339905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339905" title="Harpago chiragra">
Harpago chiragra

Harpago chiragra, common name the Chiragra spider conch, is a species of very large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs. 
Shell description.
The shell length for this species varies between 85 mm and 320 mm, usually to 170 mm.
"Harpago chiragra" has a very thick, robust and heavy shell, with a distinct anterior notch. Its most prominent characteristic are the six long and curved marginal digitations, expanded from the flaring, thick outer lip and canals. The columella and aperture are lirate.
Anatomy.
Sexual dimorphism is strongly present in this species. Female individuals are usually much larger than the male ones.
Distribution.
"Harpago chiragra" is widely distributed in the Indo-Pacific, ranging from the Aldabra Atoll, Chagos, Mauritius, Mozambique, Sri Lanka and the Gulf of Bengal to eastern Polynesia. It ranges north as far as Taiwan and southern Japan, and south to New Caledonia and Australia.
Ecology.
Habitat.
"Harpago chiragra" lives in coral reef areas. It can be found in littoral and sublittoral zones, in tidal pools and low tide levels to a depth of around 25 m.
Feeding habits.
"Harpago chiragra" is known to be an herbivore, feeding on plants and algae.
Human uses.
The flesh of "H. chiragra" is edible, and it is locally collected for food. The shell is used in shellcraft.

</doc>
<doc id="20339958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20339958" title="Edvard Bacher">
Edvard Bacher

Carl Edvard Bacher (October 16, 1875 – March 22, 1961) was a Finnish sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Helsinki.
In 1912 he was part of the Finnish team which finished fifth in the team clay pigeons event. In the individual trap competition he finished 45th.

</doc>
<doc id="20340005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340005" title="Adolf Schnitt">
Adolf Schnitt

Gustaf Adolf Schnitt (April 17, 1858 – December 4, 1924) was a Finnish sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Turku and died in Helsinki.
In 1912 he was part of the Finnish team which finished fifth in the team clay pigeons event. In the individual trap competition he finished fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="20340017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340017" title="Alexander Chene House">
Alexander Chene House

The Alexander Chêne House was a private residence located at 2681 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1986, but subsequently demolished in April 1991.
Description.
The Alexander Chêne House was a two-story, Federal-style house with additional Colonial Revival details on the facade, added after original construction. The house was constructed of red brick sitting on a raised basement. A one-story porch sat in the center of the front facade, and the side walls rose above the roof to form fractables. A small cornice ran the width of the front. The windows were topped with decorative iron lintels. A rear extension was added to the house in the 20th century.
History.
The Chêne House was one of the few examples of the Federal style in Detroit. It was built in 1850 by Alexander Chêne on land which had been granted to the Chêne family by Louis XIV of France in 1707. The house was later owned by Charles B. Warren, who constructed the rear wing some time between 1902 and 1914.
In the latter part of the 20th century, the house was used as a restaurant, known as Little Harry's. In 1991, the structure was demolished and replaced with a franchise International House of Pancakes (IHOP).

</doc>
<doc id="20340041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340041" title="Allendale Square">
Allendale Square

Allendale Square is a 32-storey skyscraper in Perth, Western Australia. When opened in 1976, the building surpassed the AMP Building to become the tallest completed building in Perth, a title which it only held until 1977 when St Martins Tower opened.
Site history and construction.
The corner of St Georges Terrace and Sherwood Court where Allendale Square now stands was owned as early as 1829 by the Leake family.
Later, it was home to Warwick House, the Bank of New South Wales, the Commercial Travellers Association and the Daily News Chambers. These buildings were demolished in 1974 for construction of Allendale Square.
The tower, which was designed by Architects Cameron, Chisholm and Nicol, was built by Multiplex. The building's anodised aluminium cladding was extensively weather tested to ensure it could resist atmospheric corrosion.
Although this cladding covers a 70% of the exterior of the building, all cladding units were installed from inside the tower without the use of external scaffolding.
The building was officially opened by Premier Sir Charles Court on 3 August 1976. Also attending the opening were descendants of the Leake family which had owned the site from the earliest days of the colony.
Post-completion.
Allendale Square has been used for abseiling for charity down its side. The first of these events was held in November 2002, and its success led to it being held annually thereafter, until the change in the building's ownership forced the end of this charitable event.
The tower has also been used as a base from which to launch shells in the Lotterywest Skyworks annual fireworks display.
The building's prominent tenants include ANZ Bank (which also owns the signage rights over the building), Qantas and Francis Burt Chambers.
Ownership.
A half share in the building was bought in 1988 by Armstrong Jones Perth Property Fund for $41.63 million. This half share was later purchased for $39.35 million by GEM Commercial Property Trust in 1995, which was acquired by the General Property Trust when it took over GEM in 1996. In mid-2000 General Property Trust put its half-share in the tower up for sale for $44.25 million, but no offers it received came close and it was forced to take the building off the market.
Meanwhile, in 1995, the other half share in the tower was acquired from an MLC Life fund by the Australian Prime Property Fund in a package that cost a total of $125 million.
Western Australian property mogul Ralph Sarich's investment company Cape Bouvard Investments bought Allendale Square in two steps for $93.03 million between 2001 and 2002. It bought half from the General Property Trust in September 2001 and the other half for $48 million from Australian Prime Property Fund in April 2002.
Later, General Electric bought the tower in December 2006 for $154 million from Cape Bouvard. GE put the tower up for sale in 2008, however the tower was taken off the market after none of the offers received met the desired $200 million sale price.
Refurbishments and complex expansion.
The building has been refurbished three times since it opened in 1976. In 1989 the building underwent a minor refurbishment at a cost of $1.5 million. Then, starting in 1999, the building underwent an extensive internal refurbishment which cost $2.5 million. The project involved a refit of the lobby, replacement of lift cars and improvement to core services like lighting. Architect Anna Meszaros from firm Cameron Chisholm and Nicol was responsible for this refurbishment.
Most recently, the building was refurbished from 2001 to 2002, which also involved remodelling of the three-storey building adjacent to the tower. This involved an upgrade of some floors, the lobby and the adjoining ANZ Bank branch. The outdoor plaza was also to be revamped for the first time since the building was opened in 1976.
The complex was expanded with the completion in early 2006 of the "Allendale II" building on the site of the former CTA building at the rear of the Allendale Square site. This seven-storey building is connected to Allendale Square and its underground shopping centre, and boosted the total lettable space in the complex to .
Design.
The tower is located on a site, above sea level, however the tower itself only occupies 25% of this land area. Designed by architects Cameron, Chisolm and Nicol, the building is rotated 45 degrees relative to St Georges Terrace, in order to secure a plot ratio concession from the Perth City Council.
The walls of the tower are stepped in plan, creating V-shaped protrusions along each face. In order to maximise views towards the Swan River whilst reducing heat loads, the building has windows only on the north and south-facing sides of these steps, and the remainder of the tower is clad with aluminium. The of aluminium panels were created from locally-mined bauxite, refined at Kwinana by Alco in the largest aluminium task ever undertaken in Australia at that time. On its opening, the building was the largest fully aluminium-clad freestanding tower in Australia, and one of the largest in the world.
The 992 windows of the tower are solar-bronze glass, up to thick on upper levels. Ninety percent of the tower's levels had uninterrupted views to the river upon its opening, and all of the office levels are free of internal columns. When it was opened, the tower's lobby had red carpet at the entrance, high ceilings and marble columns.
In addition to a lift between the 99-bay basement car park and the lobby, the tower has nine high-speed lifts, divided into two zones. When the tower opened, these lifts were among the most advanced in the world, improving travelling times and halving the plant room space they required. The electronic security devices and air conditioning systems were also advanced. The roof of the building's mechanical penthouse, which is adorned with the ANZ Bank logo, is designed to be able to function as a helipad if necessary.
The building has 34 levels, made up of a basement car park, an underground retail arcade, the ground floor lobby, a conference suite, 29 office levels and the plant level at the top. The tower has of lettable space and a "spacious" lobby.
The building has been described as a "fine example" of high-rise architecture,
"timeless", "one of Perth's most prominent office buildings",
a building of "considerable elegance" and a good building in its time which still remains relevant.
Awards.
Allendale Square was named as one of the Top 20 Australian 20th century icon buildings by the Royal Australian Institute of Architects.
The building has also won several architectural awards, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20340056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340056" title="Shahen Academy">
Shahen Academy

Shaheen Academy School and College is a high school in Feni District in Bangladesh. It located on the Shaheen Academy Road at Rampur in Feni Town. It is with the Comilla Education Board.
History.
The academy was established in 1985 as a private school in Feni town. Principal Mohammad Enamul Haque was the founder principal of the school. The academy is directed by the Islamic Education Society, Feni. Its first campus was situated at the S.S.K. Road,Feni. Now a campus has been built in Rampur.
There are 3500 students studying at the Shaheen Academy School and College.
External links.
shaheen academy is one of the most shining institute in islamabad pakistan established in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20340069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340069" title="140 St Georges Terrace">
140 St Georges Terrace

140 St Georges Terrace is a 30-storey skyscraper in Perth, Western Australia. Opened in 1975, the tower was known as the AMP Building or AMP Tower after its owner and former flagship tenant, AMP Limited. The building became the tallest completed skyscraper in Perth in 1975, a title which it held only until 1976, when Allendale Square was opened.
Site history and construction.
The site at the corner of St Georges Terrace and William Street known as "Carr's Corner" was purchased by AMP in 1910, and in 1915 the "AMP Chambers" designed by Oldham and Cox were built on the corner. This six-storey building was clad with sandstone, and the interior was decorated with jarrah.
The top of the building featured an iconic bronze statue, which became a landmark atop the chambers.
The high statue depicted four figures: a central figure symbolised protection, and it was flanked by a man, woman and child.
Weighing around , the sculpture was hollow with a wooden base and was thought to have been made in Europe.
When AMP announced plans to demolish the building and erect in its place a modern skyscraper, the National Trust refused to classify the building as in need of protection. The Trust Administrator N.J. Armitage instead applauded the development and the open space that would be created in the forecourt of the new tower. Although the building could not be saved from demolition, the iconic statue atop it was saved by Clive Rutty and purchased by millionaire collector Lew Whiteman, who paid $1000 for it. When the statue was removed from the building on 19 March 1972, a piece of wood was found within it with the names on it of the four men who erected it in October 1914. AMP later asked to buy the statue back from Whiteman, and he told them they did not deserve it.
After the death of Whiteman, the statue was bought at auction for A$60,800 by the land developers, Sherwood Overseas, and placed in its current position as a contribution to public art. It now stands in the centre of a lake of Floreat Waters, on the western side of Herdsman Lake.
The developers were allowed to build their tower beyond the allowable plot ratio because of planning concessions awarded in return for the provision of public amenities, namely the open space in front of the building and seats provided for the public. A further bonus was given for the linking of the development with the Elders development across St Georges Terrace. Demolition of the old building started in May 1972; construction on the foundations of the office tower then proceeded, and the construction of the tower was completed in 1975.
The building originally housed an observation deck on the 29th floor, offering sweeping views across the central business district. However, when both its west and east views were blocked by the construction of the BankWest Tower in 1988 and Central Park in 1992, this observation deck was closed.
Post-completion.
When the tower was first built in 1975, an "iconic" commissioned sculpture by Howard Taylor was installed in its forecourt. The sculpture, entitled "The Black Stump", was constructed of concrete and mosaic tile and weighed more than . It was relocated to the University of Western Australia in 1990, where it has remained beside the Octagon Theatre ever since.
The building was used by AMP as its state headquarters from its opening in 1975 until 2002 when most of its staff moved to West Perth offices.
The last AMP staff shifted out of the building in 2003.
Since 1997, the tower has been used as a launching pad for some shells in the annual Lotterywest Skyworks fireworks display.
Owned by AMP companies since 1915, the building was put on the market by owner AMP Asset Management in 2000 and was expected to fetch A$80 million. A Perth-based syndicate headed by Brett Wilkins offered to buy the tower for between $75 and 80 million.
However, the property failed to sell,
and remained within AMP ownership. In August 2005,
the building was sold by AMP Life Statutory Fund No 1 to the AMP-managed Australian Core Property Portfolio for $153.5 million.
Refurbishments.
In 1992, the building underwent refurbishment, but this was mostly only minor cosmetic refurbishment. Coinciding with the completion of Central Park, the $15 million project was conducted by Multiplex. The refurbishment involved a facelift for the ground floor lobby, including polished granite flooring, wall panelling and coffered ceilings with concealed lighting, improved revolving doors, new glass and planter boxes. The facelift also saw the repaving of the building's forecourt with cobblestone, new landscaping, further public seating and the integration of the tower's underground car parking with Central Park's.
Despite the 1992 refurbishment, by 2000 the building was already widely regarded as in need of an upgrade. In 2003, when the building was "almost empty", an extensive refurbishment of the building was undertaken, at a cost of A$34 million. The largest office tower refurbishment in Perth's history, work started in April 2003. The refurbishment was mostly an internal one, refreshing office floors and replacing building services such as air conditioning and lifts.
The bulk of the facade remained unchanged, aside from a new "two-storey high, 15-metre long bronzed-glass canopy" at ground level. The glass of the canopy is coated with small white dots which have a shading effect during the day, but uplighting produces a white ceiling effect at night. This canopy was intended to give the tower a more prominent entrance. The refurbishment also involved the installation of new conference facilities.
The 2003 refurbishment was designed by architects Cox Howlett & Bailey Woodland, and the refurbishment contract won by Multiplex. The project took until 2005,
finishing on-time and on-budget. The refurbishment was a success, with the building going from "sparesely occupied" at the start of the refurbishment project to "practically full" in 2006.
The refurbishment was also expected to give the tower a "4.5 Australian Building Greenhouse Rating" due to its new, energy-efficient lifts, air conditioning, window tinting and double glazing.
Design.
140 St Georges Terrace features a service core design, with the concrete core containing the lifts and two stairwells. The perimeter of the square cross-section tower features load-bearing columns, allowing the office floors to remain mostly column-free. The building has one service lift and twelve passenger lifts: six for the low-rise portion of the building (floors 1-14) and six for the high-rise (floors 15-28). The low-rise and high-rise portions of the building are clearly visible on the exterior of the building, as they are separated by a plant level.
The base of the tower is located above sea level, and the roof of the building rises above the street below. The building has 28 office levels, in addition to the ground floor, basement levels and plant room. According to Emporis, the 29th (top) floor was once an observation level which closed following the construction of the taller BankWest and Central Park towers around it. The floor-to-floor height in the tower is , and the ceiling height is . The building has of net lettable area, and has an underground car park with 260 spaces.

</doc>
<doc id="20340075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340075" title="Emil Collan">
Emil Collan

Emil Johannes Collan (May 21, 1882 – December 22, 1948) was a Finnish sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Savonlinna and died in Pohja.
In 1912 he was part of the Finnish team which finished fifth in the team clay pigeons event. In the individual trap competition he finished 29th.

</doc>
<doc id="20340103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340103" title="Universiti Teknologi MARA people">
Universiti Teknologi MARA people

This is a list of notable people affiliated with Universiti Teknologi MARA.

</doc>
<doc id="20340107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340107" title="Widcombe, Bath">
Widcombe, Bath

Widcombe is a district of Bath, England, immediately south-east of the city centre, across the River Avon.
Widcombe was part of the hundred of Bath Forum.
Widcombe Manor House is a grade I listed manor house built in 1656. It is located on Church Street adjacent to St Thomas à Beckett Church.
Crowe Hall is a Georgian house. It is a Grade II listed building, and the gardens are on the Register of Historic Parks and Gardens of special historic interest in England. It was built around 1780 for Brigadier Crowe. It has had a succession of owners since who each adapted and renovated the building. A serious fire in 1926 destroyed a lot of the fabric of the building and further restoration was required. The house is surrounded by several hectares of sloping gardens, below Prior Park, which are terraced and include a rock garden and grotto.
Widcombe Crescent is a terrace of 14 Georgian houses built in 1808 by Thomas Baldwin, and designated a Grade I listed building.
Widcombe is where the Kennet and Avon Canal meets the River Avon. Bath Locks are a series of locks, just south of Pulteney Bridge, which climb through Widcombe. Alongside the bottom lock is a side pond and pumping station which pumps water up the locks to replace that used each time the lock is opened. The next stage of Bath Deep Lock is numbered 8/9 as two locks were combined when the canal was restored in May, 1976. A road bridge carrying the A36, constructed while the canal was in a state of disrepair passes over the original site of the lower lock. The new chamber has a depth of 19ft 5ins, making it Britain's second deepest canal lock. Just above the 'deep lock' is an area of water enabling the lock to refill and above this is Wash House Lock (number 10), and soon after by Abbey View Lock (number 11), a grade II listed building by which there is another pumping station and in quick succession Pulteney Lock (12) and Bath top Lock (13). Above the top lock the canal passes through Sydney Gardens where it passes through two tunnels and under two cast iron footbridges dating from 1800. Cleveland tunnel is 173 feet long and runs under Cleveland House, the former headquarters of the Kennet and Avon Canal Company. A trap-door in the tunnel roof was employed to exchange paperwork between clerks above and bargees below. This is now a grade II* listed building. Many of the bridges over the canal are also listed buildings.
In 1877 a bridge across the river at Widcombe collapsed with the loss of many lives amongst those crossing from the station to the Bath and West Agricultural show.

</doc>
<doc id="20340111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340111" title="Moody Jones">
Moody Jones

Moody Jones (April 8, 1908 - March 23, 1988) was an American blues guitarist, bass player, and singer, who is significant for his role in the development of the post-war Chicago blues sound in the late 1940s.
Life and career.
Jones was born in Earle, Arkansas, United States, on 8 April 1908. Raised in the church, he developed an interest in music at an early age and learned to play guitar after his brother bought an old broken guitar for $3. When he was proficient enough he started playing for country dances, and by 1939 had arrived in Chicago. In Chicago he became one of a number of musicians, performing on Maxwell Street and in non-union venues, who played an important role in the development of the post-war Chicago blues sound, often performing with his first cousin, singer and guitar player Floyd Jones. By the late 1940s he was capable of playing any kind of music requested, and had learned to play piano, banjo and bass (including a home-made bass made out of a wash-tub, a broom-handle and a clothes line), in addition to guitar. He was regarded by his contemporaries as the best guitar player on the Chicago scene, and was warned by noted slide guitar player Muddy Waters not to "fool with that slide" when Jones sat in with Waters' band one night.
Jones is most significant, and best known, for his association with his cousin Floyd Jones and harmonica player Snooky Pryor, and for the singles he recorded with them in 1948 which were among the first recorded examples of the new style. The track "Snooky and Moody's Boogie" is said to have been the inspiration for Little Walter's 1952 hit "Juke". Jones made further recordings for the JOB label in the early 1950s, backing musicians such as Snooky Pryor and Johnny Shines. He sang three numbers on a 1952 session, but these were not released at the time, according to Jones because label owner Joe Brown thought his voice was "too rough". One of the songs, "Rough Treatment", was recorded and released by singer and guitarist Little Hudson (Hudson Shower) for the same label the following year.
After 1953 Jones stopped playing blues and joined a gospel group, and by 1955 he had become pastor of a Sanctified church.
Jones died in Chicago, on March 23, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20340119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340119" title="Semiha Yankı">
Semiha Yankı

Semiha Yankı (born 15 January 1958 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish pop music singer, presenter, and film actress. She is best known for representing Turkey for the first time at the Eurovision Song Contest 1975 with the song "Seninle Bir Dakika".

</doc>
<doc id="20340136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340136" title="Uncial 0237">
Uncial 0237

Uncial 0237 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 014 (von Soden), is a Greek-Coptic uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 6th-century.
Description.
The codex contains two small parts of the Gospel of Matthew 15:12-15,17-19, on one parchment leaf (23 cm by 18 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 23 lines per page, in uncial letters.
It is a palimpsest.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th-century.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
History.
Probably it was found in Fayyum.
The manuscript was examined by Karl Wessely, who published its text. It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by C. R. Gregory, who classified it as lectionary 349.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1954.
It was digitised by the INTF.
Currently the codex is housed at the Austrian National Library (Pap. K. 8023) in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="20340150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340150" title="Dhanagadi">
Dhanagadi

Dhanagadi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3697 people living in 757 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340155" title="Dharampur, Sagarmatha">
Dharampur, Sagarmatha

Dharampur is a Village Development Committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 3668 people residing in 673 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340159" title="Fouad Awad">
Fouad Awad

Fouad Awad (born October 7, 1956; Arabic: فؤاد عوض; Hebrew: פואד עווד) is an avant-garde Israeli-Palestinian theatre director, and a prominent figure in the Palestinian theatrical movement.
Biography.
Awad was born on October 7, 1956, in Nazareth to Palestinian parents. He attended Nazareth Baptist School, where he and for the first time experienced theatre by participating in school performances. In 1979, he made his directorial debut with the production "The King is The King" (based on a novel by the late Syrian playwright Saad Alla Wannous). He earned his Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Tel Aviv University in 1982. While at Tel Aviv University, he directed "Miss Julie" written by August Strindberg and "Men in the Sun" written by the Palestinian writer, Ghassan Kanafani. "Men in the Sun" deals with the journey of four Palestinians seeking to travel to Kuwait in a hope of finding a job there during the oil boom. They went through a checkpoint after another, driven by the elusive dream of better future, only to be found dead upon reaching Kuwait. From 1983 until 1987, He worked at the Municipal Cultural Centre in Nazareth. While working at the Cultural Centre, he directed several plays, including, "The Dervishes are Looking for the Truth" written by the Syrian writer, Mustafa Al Hallaj as well as "Ashater Hasan" based on the folktale known by the same title. 
In 1986, he directed "A Song of a Deformed Soldier" which constituted a turning point in the theatrical production, combining sundry forms of theatrical art such puppets and masks. The play dealt with the compulsory military service amongst the Druze community. In 1987 he directed "Birds" a play written by Ibrahim Khalaileh which deals with the Palestinian desire to break free from the Israeli occupation. The play was well received in many European countries. In 1989, Awad received "Best Theatre Director" award as well as "Best Theatrical Work" award for the play "Jaber's Head" from Acre Theatre Festival. 
In 1991 along with his long-time mate, Mohammed Aoudtalla, he established Alsadaka Cultural Centre. In 1992 he directed "The Alley" in collaboration with Samia Kazmouz Bakri, which deals with the expatriation of Palestinians and the memories of one's home and city; places undergoing demographic changes. In 1993 he directed "The Night and The Mountain" written by Abed Alghaffar Makawi and produced in the Hebrew language. "The Night and The Mountain"- a Yemeni legend dealing with the fear caused by occupation- was a production of "Hakhan Hayerushalme" Theatre in Jerusalem. 
In 1994, he and his colleague, Eran Bene'el, directed "Romeo and Juliet" by William Shakespeare, a play that opened Lille Festival in France. It was a collaborative production between Al Kasaba Theatre in Ramallah and Al Khan Theatre in Jerusalem. The play was considered a huge success and received international acclaim. 
In 1995, "The Night and The Mountain" was remade, for Alkasaba theatre.
From late 1995 and until 1/4/1998 he worked as the manager of Nazareth Contemporary Cultural Centre, a centre that was a product of a self initiative. During that time, the centre hosted numerous art galleries, folklore dance groups, seminars, and movies.
In 1998, he directed a play by the name "Le Montrer" for Almidan Theatre. The play – which is about the humanization and rebellion of an artist's marionettes and their attempt to poison him - was written by Andrée Chedid.
Starting from mid-1998 and until late 2002 he worked as the artistic manager of Almidan Theatre. And during that time, numerous productions were made, such as "Suhmata", "Edrab Maftouh", "Abeir File No.96/63", "Jazerat Al Ma'az", "Athkur" (a Musical), "Bayt Assayida", and "Zaghroudat Al Ard". 
In 1999 he directed "Abeir File No.96/63", a play based on the novel "The Collector" by the British author John Fowles. The play portrays the Israeli-Palestinian conflict; a settler kidnaps a Palestinian artist and holds her in a public bunker, with the claim that he wants to live with her in peace, which is impossible. The play harvested success and recognition due to the boldness in which the play addresses the Israeli occupation of Palestine. The play can be described in terms of production as confluence of cinema and theatre, where a cinematic footage is embedded in a theatrical production.
In late 2002 he finished his term as a manager of Almidan Theatre, marking 5 years of success and achievements that catapulted the theatre to prominence and consequentially becoming a leading theatre serving as the national theatre for the Palestinian minority in Israel. 
In 2003 he directed "The Bus", a play portraying the post-intifada relations between Palestinians and Israelis and the Israeli perspective towards Palestinians in the light of suicide bombings that emanated at that time.
Awad participated it numerous theatrical conferences and festivals in Europe and the Arab world, and was a guest lecturer in some of them, including Berlin Festival, Carthage Festival and Avignon, where he shared his experience and talked about the Palestinian theatre. 
He served as an artistic consultant in the Israel Film Fund.
He served as a member of the artistic committee of Acre (Akko) Theatre Festival for a year.
2004-2007 He was the general manager of Almidan Theatre. At that time, the theatre was going through hardship. Therefore, upon becoming manager, he had to reestablish the theatre's former stature. He increased the number of productions per year, and managed to revive the theatre. During this period, he established the Almidan Theatre Festival.
He finished writing his autobiography "Law Kont..." (If You Were...) which was written by the author and journalist Naji Daher.
In 2008 he started to work as the manager of the Cultural Department in Nazareth Municipality. During that time, he established Nazareth International Children's Theatre Festival. 
He participated in the 24th ACCO, and Theatre in a Multicultural Society Jerusalem Conference, 7–9 January 2008.
He's considered a leading theatre director since he had a leading role in shaping the Palestinian theatrical movement in Israel; Awad was the first to bring a cinematic approach to theatre, embedding a cinematic footage in a theatrical production.
Currently, he teaches theatre at the Drama Academy in Ramallah and works as the head of the Cultural Department in Nazareth. 
Work.
Stage Productions 
Awards.
Best Director - Acco Theatre Festival 1989

</doc>
<doc id="20340164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340164" title="Pentax (lens)">
Pentax (lens)

Pentax DA and DA* lenses are the current lens line for Pentax digital SLR cameras. They use the Pentax KAF(And its variants, KAF2 and KAF3) Mount. All of these lenses have an autofocus feature, either operated from the camera body or from an internal SDM motor. Pentax compatible lenses are also made by third-party companies.
History.
Takumar lenses were primarily supplied with Pentax cameras through the 1950s and 1960s using the M42 (Pentax) Screwmount. Pentax began supplying lenses under the Pentax name in the early 1970s, using a bayonet (K) mount. In addition to the 35mm line, Pentax added professional 645 and 67 format cameras to its lineup. Pentax has designed its digital SLR cameras to be compatible with any Pentax K mount and M42 screwmount (with a Pentax adapter) ever made, thus providing countless lens possibilities. 35mm and 645 lenses optimized for digital cameras are currently in production.
Controls and features.
Unlike many manufacturers, Pentax provides "shake reduction" (SR) functionality within the camera, instead of inside each lens to be purchased. This is advantageous as any lens can be used with full SR functionality, and the lenses are more economical to manufacture as they do not require any shake reduction equipment inside.
Another feature which sets Pentax lenses apart from other manufacturers is that many of their top tier lenses, such as their camera bodies, are weather-sealed, allowing for their continued use in poor weather and wet locations. Pentax currently provides weather-sealed premium lenses up 300mm, and reportedly by special order, the FA*600mm. The largest lens produced by Pentax was the Reflex 2000mm, with non-mirrored lenses available up to the A* 1200mm. As with most manufacturers, telephotos of this range are no longer in production. Pentax provided premium focal lengths well beyond 1200mm, such as their 3800mm through the Pentax telescope division.
Mounts.
"Main article": Pentax K mount
M37(Asahiflex only)
M42(All Other Pre-K Mount 35mm Bodies, e.g. the Pentax Spotmatic)
Pentax K
Lens designations.
Below is a list of K-Mount Lens Lines produced by Pentax. 
K lenses.
The first generation of Pentax K-mount lenses. Officially not referred to a K series lenses, they usually are given this designation to distinguish them from later K-mount lenses (such as the M, A, F, FA and DA series). These were exclusively manual focus lenses with no electronic features. The name of each lens started with "SMC", for example SMC Pentax 28mm F3.5, where SMC stands for Super-Multi-Coated, the lens coating introduced in the early 1970's at the end of the M42-mount era.
M lenses.
The M series of lenses followed on from the earlier K series lenses. As with the earlier lenses, these were manual K-mount lenses without any electronic features. They behave just like the K series but are generally smaller in size, to match the more compact bodies of the same era, e.g. the Pentax MX and the Pentax ME Super.
A lenses.
Another K-mount lens, the A series of lenses saw the introduction of "automatic" aperture settings. The lenses had an aperture ring (unlike the later DA series), and thus the aperture could be set manually, but they also had an "A" mode, which allowed the camera to control the aperture automatically.
F lenses.
The F series were the first autofocus lenses (excluding the rare SMC Pentax-AF 35-70mm F2.8, made only for the ME-F camera). The autofocus is of screw-drive type, still supported by all Pentax DSLRs. They featured an aperture ring, which allowed the aperture to be controlled manually. Thus F lenses are able to be used on older cameras which do not support automatic setting of the aperture, such as the Pentax K1000.
FA lenses.
These lenses are designed with use for full-frame film SLR cameras. As with the F series, they feature an aperture ring providing compatibility with older camera bodies. Autofocus is like the F series of screw-drive type. The FA* lenses are professional grade lenses and the FA Limited lenses are all metal high quality primes.
FA-J lenses.
These were largely identical to the FA series of lenses, but lacked the aperture ring. As a result they are not fully compatible with some older manual focus cameras, as there was no method of setting the aperture other than through the camera body.
D FA lenses.
These lenses are coated with glazes that make the lenses more suitable for digital cameras. However, they also support older 35mm camera formats, as they provide "full frame" coverage. They may or may not have an Aperture ring, limiting their usage on non-electronic cameras.
The D-FA 100 WR was co-developed with Tokina. 
DA lenses.
The DA lenses were designed specifically for the Pentax digital cameras incorporating an APS-C digital sensor. As the APS-C sensor has a smaller surface area than 35mm film, these lenses are not generally considered to be compatible with older cameras. They also lack an aperture ring, limiting their use on cameras that do not support automatic aperture settings.
Some lenses of this product line were co-developed with Tokina. Examples include the DA 12-24 and the DA 10-17 Fisheye. 
DA-L lenses.
Similar to the DA series, these are smaller and lighter lenses than the DA models, but have a plastic (as opposed to steel) mount and lack the quick-shift focusing system of their heavier siblings. They are only sold in kits with entry-level bodies.
DA* lenses.
The DA* lenses are designed for use with Pentax digital SLR cameras. DA* lenses have higher quality optics than the DA series and typically have the distinction of being weather sealed to match the weather sealed capabilities of the Pentax K10D, K200D, K20D, K-7, K-5, K-30, K-50, K-5ii/K-5iis, and K-3 DSLR camera bodies. The DA* lenses are more expensive and generally feature improved light transmission and larger aperture openings for better low light performance. Some DA* lenses also feature both body driven screw drive focusing and the Pentax SDM (Supersonic Drive Motor) lens based focus mechanism.
Some lenses of this product line were co-developed with Tokina. Examples include the DA* 16-50 and DA* 50-135.
DA Limited lenses.
These are high quality prime lenses with the lens housing made of nicely crafted metal. Also, they usually have a wider maximum aperture compared to zooms but narrower as compared to other prime lenses. This is a compromise as DA Limited lenses are usually made to be much more compact than other primes lenses. As of August 2013 the DA Limited lenses where upgraded with Pentax new HD coating, replacing the previous SMC coating. The new HD lenses are also available in both silver and black, as opposed to only black.
The DA 35/2.8 Macro was co-developed with Tokina 
Supersonic Drive Motor (SDM).
The Pentax-developed SDM autofocus systems, with SDM standing for "Supersonic Drive Motor", departs from the previous Pentax system which utilizes a screw-drive autofocus motor inside the camera body. Instead, SDM lenses incorporate an autofocus micro-motor as part of the lens itself. All current production Pentax Digital SLR bodies are compatible with SDM lenses. However the DA* 55mm, DA 17-70mm and DA 18-135mm lenses are not compabile with some older Pentax digital SLR's such as the K110D, first version K100D and earlier models (The K100D Super is compatible, provided it has up to date firmware).
The SDM mechanism is claimed to provide smoother and quieter focusing. The first Pentax cameras to support SDM lens were the K10D (firmware 1.30 or later) and K100D Super. These and subsequent Pentax DSLR bodies support both SDM and in-camera screw-driven AF.
Camera compatibility.
Pentax claims that all their auto-focus cameras are backward compatible with K-mount lenses dating back as far as 1975 without need for an adapter. However, the camera cannot read the set f-stop of K and M series lenses and must stop-down momentarily to meter (Due to their digital cameras having a "Crippled K-Mount"). All Pentax and Samsung D-Xenogon lenses are interchangeable since Samsung adopted K-mount on their GX camera bodies. The Samsung GX-10 and GX-20 are the only two models compatible with SDM lenses. Pentax KAF3 Lenses do not have screw driven autofocus, and are also not fully compatible with some early production digital SLRs.
List of In Production Lenses.
Below is a list of lenses in production as of May 20, 2013.
SMC Pentax-DA 10-17mm F3.5-4.5 Fish-Eye ED 
SMC Pentax-D FA 100mm F2.8 Macro WR
SMC Pentax-DA 12-24mm F4 ED AL 
SMC Pentax-DA 14mm F2.8 ED 
HD Pentax-DA 15mm F4 ED AL Limited
SMC Pentax-DA* 16-50mm F2.8 ED AL SDM
SMC Pentax-DA 17-70mm F4 AL SDM
SMC Pentax-DA 18-135mm F3.5-5.6 ED AL DC WR
SMC Pentax-DA L 18-55mm F3.5-5.6 AL
SMC Pentax-DA 18-55mm F3.5-5.6 AL WR
SMC Pentax-DA* 200mm F2.8 ED SDM
HD Pentax-DA 21mm F3.2 Limited
SMC Pentax-DA* 300mm F4 ED SDM
SMC Pentax-FA 31mm F1.8 AL Limited
SMC Pentax-FA 35mm F2 AL
SMC Pentax-DA 35mm F2.4 AL
HD Pentax-DA 35mm F2.8 Limited Macro
HD Pentax-DA 40mm F2.8 Limited
SMC Pentax-DA 40mm F2.8 XS
SMC Pentax-FA 43mm F1.9 Limited
SMC Pentax-DA* 50-135mm F2.8 ED SDM
SMC Pentax-DA L 50-200mm F4-5.6 ED
SMC Pentax-DA 50-200mm F4-5.6 ED WR
SMC Pentax-FA 50mm F1.4
SMC Pentax-DA 50mm F1.8
SMC Pentax-D FA 50mm F2.8 Macro
SMC Pentax-DA 55-300mm F4-5.8 ED
SMC Pentax-DA L 55-300mm F4-5.8 ED
SMC Pentax-DA* 55mm F1.4 SDM
HD Pentax-DA 560mm F5.6 ED AW
SMC Pentax-DA* 60-250mm F4 ED SDM
HD Pentax-DA 70mm F2.4 Limited
SMC Pentax-FA 77mm F1.8 Limited

</doc>
<doc id="20340166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340166" title="Dhodhanpur">
Dhodhanpur

Dhodhanpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3860 people living in 703 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340167" title="Advanced Thin Ionization Calorimeter">
Advanced Thin Ionization Calorimeter

The Advanced Thin Ionization Calorimeter (ATIC) is a balloon-borne instrument flying in the stratosphere over Antarctica to measure the energy and composition of cosmic rays. ATIC was launched from McMurdo Station for the first time in December 2000 and has since completed three successful flights out of four. 
Working principle.
The detector uses the principle of ionization calorimetry: several layers of the scintillator bismuth germanate emit light as they are struck by particles, allowing to calculate the particles' energy. A silicon matrix is used to determine the particles' electrical charge.
Collaborators.
The project is an international collaboration of researchers from Louisiana State University, University of Maryland, College Park, Marshall Space Flight Center, Purple Mountain Observatory in China, Moscow State University in Russia and Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research in Germany. ATIC is supported in the United States by NASA and flights are conducted under the auspices of the Balloon Program Office at Wallops Flight Facility by the staff of the Columbia Scientific Balloon Facility. Antarctic logistics are provided by the National Science Foundation and its contractor Raytheon Polar Services Corporation.
The principal investigator for ATIC is John Wefel of Louisiana State University. 
Results.
In November 2008, researchers published in "Nature" the finding of a surplus of high energy electrons. During a 5-week observatory period in 2000 and 2003, ATIC counted 70 electrons with energies in the range 300-800 GeV; these electrons were in excess of those expected from the galactic background. The source of these electrons is unknown, but it is assumed to be relatively close, no more than about 3000 lightyears away, since high energy electrons rapidly lose energy as they travel through the galactic magnetic field and collide with photons. The electrons could originate from a nearby pulsar or other astrophysical object, but the researchers were not able to identify a fitting object. According to another conjecture, the electrons result from collisions of Dark Matter particles, for example WIMP Kaluza-Klein particles of mass near 620 GeV.
Related data from other experiments.
Earlier in the year, the satellite PAMELA had found excess positrons (the antiparticle of the electron) in the cosmic ray signal, also believed to originate from dark matter interactions.
ATIC cannot distinguish between electrons and positrons, so it is possible that the two results are compatible. 
On the other hand, in November 2008 the Milagro experiment reported cosmic ray "hotspots" in the sky, possibly supporting astrophysical objects as sources of the surplus electrons. In May 2009, observations by the Fermi space telescope were reported which did not support the spike of high-energy electrons seen by ATIC.

</doc>
<doc id="20340174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340174" title="Didhawa">
Didhawa

Didhawa is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. 
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3461.

</doc>
<doc id="20340177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340177" title="Diman, Nepal">
Diman, Nepal

Diman is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3102 people living in 559 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340183" title="Fakira, Nepal">
Fakira, Nepal

Fakira is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3671 people living in 682 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340184" title="Salamo Arouch">
Salamo Arouch

Salamo Arouch (January 1, 1923 – April 26, 2009) was a Jewish Greek boxer, the Middleweight Champion of Greece (1938) and the All-Balkins Middleweight Champion (1939), who survived the Holocaust by boxing (over 200 bouts) for the entertainment of Nazi officers in Concentration Camp. His story was portrayed in the 1989 film "Triumph of the Spirit".
Biography.
Salamo Arouch was born in 1923, in Thessaloniki, Greece, one of two sons in a family that also included three daughters. His father was a stevedore who nurtured his son's interest in boxing, teaching him when he was a child. Arouch said that when he was 14, he fought and won his first boxing match. Arouch began his boxing career at age 14 in 1937. A year later he won the Greek Middleweight Boxing Championship, and in 1939, he won the All-Balkins Middleweight Championship. After compiling an undefeated record of 24 wins (24 knockouts), Arouch joined the Greek Army. While in the military he raised his boxing record to 27 wins (27 knockouts).
In 1943, Arouch and his family was interred in the concentration camp of Auschwitz-Birkenau. In Auschwitz, where Arouch was tagged prisoner 136954, he said the commander sought boxers among the newly interned and, once assured of Arouch's abilities, set him to twice- or thrice-weekly boxing matches against other prisoners. 
According to Arouch, he was undefeated at Auschwitz, though two matches he was forced to fight while recovering from dysentery ended in draws. Lodged with the other fighters forced to participate in these matches and paid in extra food or lighter work, Salamo fought 208 matches at his estimation, knowing that prisoners who lost would be sent to the gas chamber or shot. Fights generally lasted until one fighter went down or the Nazis got tired of watching. Arouch claimed he weighed about 135 pounds and often fought much larger men. Once, he finished off a 250-pound opponent in only 18 seconds.
Though Arouch survived the war, being released from Auschwitz on January 17, 1945, his parents and siblings did not. During a search for family at Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in April, 1945, he met Marta Yechiel, a 17-year-old survivor from his own hometown. With Yechiel, he immigrated to Israel and settled in Tel Aviv, where he managed a shipping firm. Arouch and Yechiel wed in November 1945 and raised a family of four. 
Arouch's undefeated boxing record (1937-1955) ended on June 8, 1955, when he was knocked out in 4 rounds by Italy's Amleto Falcinelli in Tel Aviv.
Arouch was a consultant on the 1989 dramatic reenactment of his early life, accompanying filmmakers several times on an emotional return to the concentration camp. The film takes some artistic liberties with the biographical details of his life, including the renaming of his wife and placing her in his story prior to internment.
After the movie came out, another Jewish boxer from Salonika, Jacques "Jacko" Razon sued Arouch and the filmmakers for more than $20 million claiming that they had stolen his story and that Arouch had exaggerated his exploits. The case was later settled.

</doc>
<doc id="20340191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340191" title="Farseth">
Farseth

Farseth is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2808 people living in 460 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340198" title="Fatepur">
Fatepur

Fatepur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 11303 people(5268 male and 6035 female) living in 2524 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340204" title="Fulkahi">
Fulkahi

Fulkahi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3451 people living in 679 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340213" title="Gamhariya Parwaha">
Gamhariya Parwaha

Gamhariya Parwaha is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4423 people living in 842 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340221" title="Kiambaa Constituency">
Kiambaa Constituency

Kiambaa Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of five constituencies in Kiambu District. The constituency was established for the 1963 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20340231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340231" title="Carl Wollert">
Carl Wollert

Carl Adolf Wollert (March 11, 1877 – April 4, 1953) was a Swedish sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kroksmåla, Kalmar Municipality and died in Tierp.
In 1912 he was part of the Swedish team which finished fourth in the team clay pigeons event. In the individual trap competition he finished 56th.

</doc>
<doc id="20340250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340250" title="Croatia–Mongolia relations">
Croatia–Mongolia relations

Croatian-Mongolian relations refers to the historic and current bilateral relationship between Croatia and Mongolia. Both countries established diplomatic relations on March 10, 1993. Croatia is represented in Mongolia through its embassy in Beijing, China. Mongolia has an honorary consulate in Zagreb.
Prior to 1990, while Croatia was part of SFR Yugoslavia, six Mongolian students had graduated from Zagreb universities with degrees in tourism, economics and civil engineering. Three medical doctors received advanced training in Croatia in 1994 and in 1996 with support from the World Health Organization. Two employees of the Cultural Heritage Center of Mongolia studied in Croatia in 2008 with a scholarship provided by the Croatian Ministry of Sciences and Education.
In 2007, the two countries signed a memorandum of a cooperation, asserting a desire to strengthen economic and cultural ties.
In 2008 Croatian President Stipe Mesić visited Mongolia for the first time, at the invitation of Mongolian President Nambaryn Enkhbayar, who said that Mongolia would support Croatia's bid to be a non-permanent member of the UN Security Council. Mesić and Enkhbayar agreed that there was "great potentials for cooperation in many areas, including education, oil resources exploitation, infrastructure development, water resources research, exports of medicines". While in Mongolia, President Mesić also met with Mongolian Prime Minister Sanjaa Bayar and Parliament Speaker Danzangin Lundejantsan, and signed a Memorandum on Understanding between the Croatian Trade and Investment Promotion Agency and the Mongolian Foreign Trade and Foreign Investment Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="20340267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340267" title="Victor Wallenberg">
Victor Wallenberg

Victor Henry Wallenberg (November 12, 1875, Stockholm - November 3, 1970, Saltsjöbaden) was a Swedish sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics. In 1912 he was part of the Swedish team which finished fourth in the team clay pigeons event. In the individual trap competition he finished 34th. Son of banker André Oscar Wallenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20340282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340282" title="James Wood Johnson">
James Wood Johnson

James Wood Johnson (1856–1932) was an American businessman and one of the co-founders of Johnson & Johnson. In 1886, James Wood Johnson and his two brothers Robert Wood Johnson I and Edward Mead Johnson founded Johnson & Johnson in New Brunswick, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20340294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340294" title="Gobargada">
Gobargada

Gobargada is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1651 people living in 323 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340295" title="Aturiidae">
Aturiidae

The Aturiidae constitutes a family of Paleocene to Miocene nautilids, established by Campman in 1857 for "Aturia" Bronn, 1838, and are included in the superfamily Nautilaceae in Kümmel 1964. 
Aturia, and the Aturiidae, is characterized by a smooth, highly involute, discoidal shell with a complex suture and subdorsal siphuncle. The shell of "Aturia" is rounded ventrally and flattened laterally; the dorsum is deeply inpressed. The suture, one of the most complex in the Nautiloidea, has a broad flattened ventral saddle, narrow pointed lateral lobes, broad rounded lateral saddles, broad lobes on the dorso-umbilical slopes, and a broad dorsal saddle divided by a deep, narrow median lobe. The siphuncle is moderate in size and located subdorsally in the adapical dorsal flexture of the septum. "Aturia" most likely preyed upon small fish and crustaceans in the open waters of the prehistoric times. 
"Aturia" is likely derived from "Aturoidea" of the Hercoglossidae and is fairly cosmopolitan. As with the other offshoots from the Nautilidae, "Aturia" has no modern equivalents.

</doc>
<doc id="20340300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340300" title="Goithi">
Goithi

Goithi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3122 people living in 576 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340304" title="HMS Sabine">
HMS Sabine

Two ships of the Royal Navy have been called HMS "Sabine" after the ancient Italian tribe:

</doc>
<doc id="20340311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340311" title="Hanuman Nagar, Saptari">
Hanuman Nagar, Saptari

Hanuman Nagar is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5089 people living in 877 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340312" title="Phil Vincent">
Phil Vincent

Philip Conrad Vincent was a British motorcycle designer and manufacturer. Founder of Vincent Motorcycles, his designs influenced the development of motorcycles around the world.
Early life.
Philip Conrad Vincent was born in Wilbraham Gardens, Fulham on 14 March 1908. His mother, Ada Vincent, travelled back from Argentina to have her children in order to secure British citizenship. The family owned a cattle ranch between Monte Buey and Monte Maize, in the province of Córdoba, Argentina. His education began at St. George's, a British Preparatory School in Quilmes, a suburb of Buenos Aires. He was sent back to England to live with his uncle, John Vincent, who was a veterinary surgeon and lived at High House, Horndon on the Hill, Essex. Phil's education was continued there together with his two sisters, Gwendoline & Marjorie, a cousin and four other local children. He spent a year at Downsend Preparatory School, Leatherhead. He was then accepted at Harrow School which was where he first became interested in motorcycles.
Phil bought his first motorcycle, a secondhand 350cc BSA from Gamages in Holborn at Christmas 1924. He went to Cambridge University in October 1926 to read Mechanical Sciences at Kings College. His real interest was in motorcycles and by the age of 18 he had a workshop and was designing and building his own machines. His father agreed that he could have a break from university to develop his first "Vincent Special". In 1928 he had registered a patent for his design of cantilever rear suspension and left Cambridge before graduating.
Business.
Philip formed his first company with Frank Walker, a family friend. Howard R Davies, founder of the HRD marque and winner of the 1924 Senior Isle of Man TT was in financial difficulties and in 1928 with backing from his family and their cattle ranching business, Phil was able to acquire the trademark, goodwill and remaining HRD spares for £450. The company was promptly named Vincent HRD Co., Ltd., and the logo appeared with Vincent in very small letters over the top of the bold HRD. Vincent designed a brand new motorcycle with his own spring frame and marketed it as Vincent HRD, with a choice of either JAP or Rudge engines.
In 1928, the first Vincent-HRD motorcycle used a JAP single-cylinder engine in a Vincent-designed cantilever frame. The earliest known example is in Canberra, Australia. Some early bikes used Rudge-Python engines. But after a disastrous 1934 Isle of Man TT, with engine problems and all three entries failing to finish, Phil Vincent (with Phil Irving) decided to build their own engines. In 1935 the first Vincent powered motorcycle, The 499 cc Comet model was launched. It was quickly followed by the 998 cc Series A Rapide in 1936. During the war motorcycle production ceased. At the cessation of hostilities Phil Vincent and Phil Irving designed the Series B twin engine which powered the Series B Rapide and went on to power the legendary Vincent Black Shadow and Black Lightning models. In 1949 the HRD logo was dropped to prevent confusion with the "HD" of Harley Davidson in the important American Market.
Phil Vincent also experimented with three-wheeled vehicles, amphibious vehicles, and automobiles. In 1932 the first 3-wheeler, "The Vincent Bantam" appeared, powered by a 293 cc SV JAP or 250 cc Villiers engine. It was a 2.5 cwt delivery van with a car seat and a steering wheel. The Bantam cost £57-10-0 and the windscreen and hood option cost £5-10-0. Production ceased in 1936.
Later life.
Philip Conrad Vincent died in 1979 at Ashford Hospital in Middlesex following a long illness. His ashes are interred in the family plot at St. Peter and St. Paul's Church, Horndon-on-the-Hill, Essex.
References.
The Vincent HRD Story. Roy Harper. Vincent Publishing Company 1975
PCV: The autobiography of Philip Vincent. Vincent Publishing Company 1976

</doc>
<doc id="20340314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340314" title="Hardiya, Sagarmatha">
Hardiya, Sagarmatha

Hardiya is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3791 people living in 713 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340318" title="Hariharpur, Sagarmatha">
Hariharpur, Sagarmatha

Hariharpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3744 people living in 640 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340321" title="Potta">
Potta

Potta is a tiny village about 30 miles north of Kochi, also known as Cochin. It comes under the municipality of Chalakudy in the Thrissur district in the state of Kerala, India.
Athirappilly is twenty-eight kilometres from Potta, Vazhachal Falls (5 km away) and Thumboormuzhi Dam(12 km away). Located on route are two water theme parks: Dream World and Silver Storm.
The Potta-Divine retreat ministry is part of the renewal movement of the Vincentian Congregation of India, based on Catholic spiritual traditions by St. Vincent de Paula derivative of the Potta ministry [2. A popular Mission Center, previously known as Divine Retreat Centre, is located in Potta. The annual Potta Bible Convention takes place in January and attracts one million Christians from all over the world
The Divine Retreat Centre in Muringoor is six kilometers from the railway station.
Attractions.
Anakkayam Anakkayam, which means the "Elephant pit" is on the Athirappilly route and noted for a lake with cool and placid waters. The place is a forest untouched by human encroachments and acts as a restorative haven for people who wish to escape from their city lives and "concrete jungles". The bubbling streams, natural rock formations, and colorful flora are major attractions for the weary traveler. Parambikulam Wildlife Sanctuary contributes to the peaceful ambiance. The fascinating Sholayar Dam Hydro Electric project is Asia's second deepest dam [5.
Peringalkuthu Hydro Electric Project Dam are located near the Athirappilly waterfalls.
Places of worship.
Mosque.
Potta is conveniently connected by air, rail, and road. Located very close to the National Highway 47; it is south of Thrissur, north of Ernakulam, and Cochin International Airport (Nedumbassery); easy access by major airlines, including British Airways. Chalakudy railway station is just five kilometers away; Enquiry number (0480-2701368).
Chalakudy Town –Vazhachal road also known as state highway-21, is a two-lane road.
Politics.
Chalakudi assembly constituency is part of Mukundapuram (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20340323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340323" title="Haripur, Sagarmatha">
Haripur, Sagarmatha

Haripur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3848 people living in 682 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340327" title="Walter Zeman">
Walter Zeman

Walter Zeman (1 May 1927 - 8 August 1991) was an Austrian football goalkeeper and an integral part of the second Austrian Wunderteam of the 1950s.
Zeman began his youth career at local club SV Wienerberger, but he soon moved on to FC Vienna. In 1945 Zeman joined Rapid Vienna and also won his first cap for the Austria national football team. With Rapid Zeman won 8 Austrian league championships and one Austrian cup.
For the national side Zeman competed at the 1954 FIFA World Cup in which Austria progressed to the semi-finals before being defeated by West Germany. In total Zeman won 41 caps for Austria, and is often regarded as Austria's second greatest keeper after Rudi Hiden.

</doc>
<doc id="20340328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340328" title="Inarwa, Saptari">
Inarwa, Saptari

Inarwa is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2582 people living in 416 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340334" title="Edward Mead Johnson">
Edward Mead Johnson

Edward Mead Johnson (April 23, 1852 – March 20, 1934) was an American businessman and one of the co-founders of Johnson & Johnson. In 1886, Edward Mead Johnson abandoned a career in law and joined his two brothers Robert Wood Johnson I, and James Wood Johnson to found Johnson & Johnson in New Brunswick, New Jersey. He left that family surgical supply business in 1895 to found what became Mead Johnson & Company, which produces nutrition products for infants and children marketed in fifty countries around the world.
Life and career.
Johnson was awarded a degree in law from the University of Michigan and practiced law briefly before going into business with his brothers. He co-founded Johnson & Johnson together with his brothers James Wood Johnson and Robert Wood Johnson I, a company that remained privately held by the family until 1944 when the firm made its first public stock offering.
His first son, Ted, who was born in 1888 with a congenital heart defect and feeding problems. In 1895, Johnson developed a side business, "The American Ferment Company", to create a digestive aid. In 1897, E. Mead Johnson left the existing family business to go into business on his own in Jersey City, New Jersey and in 1905, his side business was re-established as "Mead Johnson & Company". The firm's first major infant formula was developed in 1910, and "Dextri-Maltose", a carbohydrate-based milk modifier was introduced in 1911, making it the first American product for infants to be approved clinically and recommended by physicians. The creation of Dextri-Maltose was provoked by problems experienced feeding his first son as an infant, which became life-threatening. 
The firm moved to Evansville, Indiana in 1915, as part of an effort to have easier access to the raw agricultural ingredients that were needed for its products. The relocation required Johnson to build a series of new plants and factories to replace the facilities he had left behind in New Jersey. 
Johnson retired from the firm and devoted his time to deep-sea fishing and golf. He was an active member of community organizations in Evansville and contributed the money needed to acquire a building used by an organization that fed sick babies, insisting that the donation remained anonymous until his death. The "Evansville Business Journal" inducted Johnson into its Business Hall of Fame in 2007.
Johnson died at age 81 on March 20, 1934, of a myocardial infarction suffered at his winter home in Miami Beach, Florida. His body was transported back to Evansville for burial. 
Another son, Lambert, succeeded him as president of Mead Johnson following his death and served in the position until 1955, making him the longest-serving president in the history of the company. Enfamil is a line of products manufactured by the company since the 1950s. 

</doc>
<doc id="20340337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340337" title="Paul McShane (rugby league)">
Paul McShane (rugby league)

Paul McShane is an English Rugby League Hooker, currently playing for the Wakefield Wildcats.
McShane was captain of Merlyn Rees High School team. He joined the Leeds Academy, from Hunslet Hawks in 2006. He was named Junior Academy Player of the Year in 2007 & kicked five goals in their Grand Final win over St Helens.
McShane signed a five-year contract with the Rhinos in July 2008, keeping him at the club until at least 2013.
McShane made his first team debut on the opening day of the 2009 Super League season against Crusaders at Headingley. He made two further appearances in 2009, including his first start against Warrington Wolves.
McShane made a further 13 Super League appearances in 2010. Nine for the Rhinos & four on loan at Hull. He also scored his first try, against Harlequins RL.
McShane was named in the England U18 Academy squad to tour Australia in June 2008.
Paul was released from his contract at Leeds Rhinos before the end of the 2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20340340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340340" title="Inarwa Fulpariya">
Inarwa Fulpariya

Inarwa Fulpariya is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4430 people living in 789 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340341" title="Hjalmar Frisell">
Hjalmar Frisell

Erik Hjalmar Frisell (August 27, 1880 – May 27, 1967) was a Swedish sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Stömne bruk, Stavnäs Municipality and died in Stockholm.
In 1912 he was part of the Swedish team which finished fourth in the team clay pigeons event. In the individual trap competition he finished 29th and in the 100 metre running deer, double shots event he finished twelfth.

</doc>
<doc id="20340344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340344" title="Itahari Bishnupur">
Itahari Bishnupur

Itahari Bishnupur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4122 people living in 760 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340348" title="Independent Tribune">
Independent Tribune

Independent Tribune is a newspaper and based in Concord, North Carolina covering Cabarrus County, North Carolina. The newspaper is owned by Berkshire Hathaway. The Independent Tribune was formed with the merger of The Concord Tribune and The (Kannapolis) Daily Independent.
It was originally a daily newspaper, but changed to 3 days a week in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20340351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340351" title="Jagatpur, Sagarmatha">
Jagatpur, Sagarmatha

Jagatpur is a Village Development Committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3699 people residing in 662 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340354" title="North West Motorway Police Group">
North West Motorway Police Group

The North West Motorway Police Group (NWMPG) provides a regionalised policing service for the Motorways within the Cheshire, Lancashire, Merseyside and Greater Manchester Police areas. It was established in June 2008 in partnership with the Highways Agency.
Operating from six bases around the region, NWMPG is made up of over 130 police officers and more than 30 support staff from the four forces. The group is responsible for patrolling a motorway network stretching from the borders with Cumbria in the north to West Mercia and Staffordshire to the south, as well as North Wales to the west and West Yorkshire to the east.
It has been modelled on the successful Central Motorway Police Group which started in 1990 when West Midlands Police and West Mercia Constabulary formed a partnership to provide a dedicated policing unit for the motorways surrounding Birmingham. CMPG now includes Staffordshire Police.
The 24-hour Regional Command and Control Centre, located at the Highways Agency Regional Control Motorway Centre at Newton-le-Willows, will maintain contact with all police and Highways Agency staff deployed by their respective organisations across a total of more than . 
Motorways covered.
Officers from the NWMPG patrol all or part of the following motorways: 
Vehicles.
NWMPG uses a fleet of more than 50 vehicles including high-powered saloon and estate cars, 4x4 vehicles, and a number of fully equipped plain vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="20340359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340359" title="List of cricket and rugby union players">
List of cricket and rugby union players

This is a list of sports people who have played both cricket and rugby union at a high level. First-class or List A cricket, provincial rugby and international cricket or rugby are considered to be high level for the purposes of this list. To be eligible, players must have appeared for their country's national side in at least one of the sports. The lists below are alphabetical and sorted by the country in which the player spent their international career.
Alfred Shaw and Arthur Shrewsbury, who organised the first British Isles rugby tour to Australasia in 1888 were also noted cricketers.
While the Wales national rugby union team is a force in international rugby, the Wales national cricket team plays only rarely, and the nation of Wales is usually subsumed under England for cricketing purposes.
Both Irish rugby players and cricketers, unlike soccer players, also play as one nation.
The two sports have also had a considerable overlap in commentators and journalists, e.g. Robert Hudson, Howard Marshall, Lisa Olson, Denzil Batchelor, Ian Smith, Steve James, Allan Massie
Many venues, including St. Helen's Rugby and Cricket Ground, Carisbrook, Eden Park, Raeburn Place, Headingley Stadium, Sydney Cricket Ground, McLean Park. the Oval, Cardiff Arms Park and Limavady Cricket and Rugby Club have been used for both rugby and cricket over the years.
Due to the historical relationship between rugby league and rugby union, several of these players have also competed in high level rugby "league" as well. (See List of cricket and rugby league players)

</doc>
<doc id="20340361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340361" title="Jamuni Madhapura">
Jamuni Madhapura

Jamuni Madhapura is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5333 people living in 1024 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340363" title="Jandaul">
Jandaul

Jandaul is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3369 people living in 640 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340364" title="HMS Sable">
HMS Sable

Two ships of the Royal Navy have been called HMS "Sable" after the small carnivorous mammal:

</doc>
<doc id="20340367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340367" title="Jhutaki">
Jhutaki

Jhutaki is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,943 people living in 617 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340369" title="Chiaksan">
Chiaksan

Chiaksan is a mountain in the province of Gangwon-do, South Korea. Its area extends across the city of Wonju and the county of Hoengseong. Chiaksan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20340372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340372" title="National Law University, Delhi">
National Law University, Delhi

National Law University, Delhi (University of Law), abbreviated as NLUD, is a specialised law university offering courses at the undergraduate and postgraduate levels. Popular estimates place the University as one of the finest law schools of India.
It is situated in Sector- 14, Dwarka, New Delhi, India, right next to the Intellectual Property Office Building. NLUD is one of the elite national law schools in India built on the five-year law degree model proposed and implemented by the Bar Council of India. The statute provides for the Chief Justice of the High Court of Delhi to function as the University's Chancellor whereas the Vice-Chancellor functions as the chief administrator.
Background.
NLUD was established in 2008 by Act No. 1 of 2008 of NCT Delhi in the National Capital Territory of Delhi with the initiative of the High Court of Delhi under the leadership of Prof. (Dr). Ranbir Singh (also the Founder-Director/Vice-Chancellor of Nalsar University of Law, Hyderabad). The University offers its flagship course, a 5-year integrated B.A., LL.B (Hons.) degree program with effect from the Academic Year 2008-09 starting in August, 2008. It was inaugurated by the erstwhile President of India, Pratibha Patil.
Establishment.
The University was established in 2008. The first Vice-Chancellor, Prof. (Dr.) Ranbir Singh used to be the Vice-Chancellor of NALSAR University of Law, Hyderabad. He was approached by members of the Delhi High Court to set up a world class law school in the country's capital with substantial funding and cutting edge facilities. Hence, Prof. (Dr.) Ranbir Singh quickly resigned and came over to develop the next chapter in the history of legal education in India.
The NLUD Logo.
The NLUD logo is composed of 3 elements: n(N), L(L) and u(U) which are interlinked by the second element (L or Law). In its totality it represents the harmonious confluence of disparate elements (disciplines) and levels: a rule that Law and its executive, the judicial system, also performs. Its columnar arrangement suggests upholding of justice, equality, fraternity and human rights in all their facets in a secular democracy.
2008-13.
The college started functioning in 2008 with limited buildings and inadequate provisions for the halls of residence. However, constant support and advocacy of the college by members of the judiciary saw the college attract funding as well as eminent jurists and people. By the year 2010, the college had completed its construction and was fully functional with modern infrastructure. These years also saw the rising popularity of the All India Law Entrance Test as competition for earning a seat became intense. Further, the latter parts of these years were also notable for a variety of successes at debating and moot court competitions. Overall, these formative years established the University as one of the top law schools in South Asia. The year 2013 also marked the passing of the first batch of the college, which set placement records after the University became the only law school in India to have a Magic Circle (law) firm recruit from its first batch.
2013-present.
The University, after having established itself on the world map, remains postured as one of the best academic institutions in the Indian subcontinent. Competition for seats has gotten intense with acceptance percentages being as low as 0.01%. The college has also taken part in several research projects of global importance, along with keeping up with the trend of excelling in debates as well as moot court competitions.
Admissions.
Admissions to the undergraduate (UG) B.A., LL.B. (Hons.) program are conducted through the All India Law Entrance Test. The test consists of 150 questions to be attempted in a period of 90 minutes. These questions, aiming to test the analytical capacity of an individual along with his general awareness, focus on 5 primary subjects.
1) The English section tests the candidates’ proficiency in English based on comprehension passages and grammar. In the comprehension section, candidates are assessed on their understanding of the passage given, its central theme and meanings of the words used therein, etc. The grammar section focuses on correction of incorrect grammatical sentences, filling of blanks in the given sentences with appropriate words, etc..
2) This Legal tests the candidates' interest towards study of law, research aptitude and problem solving ability. Questions consist of legal propositions/principles and a set of facts to which the said proposition/principle has to be applied to arrive at a most reasonable conclusion.
3) As far as General Knowledge is concerned, the candidates are assessed on their general awareness including static general knowledge. Questions on current affairs test candidates on their knowledge of current affairs.
4) The purpose of the Logical Reasoning section is to test the candidates' ability to identify patterns, logical links and rectify illogical arguments. It includes a wide variety of logical reasoning questions such as syllogisms, logical sequences, analogies, etc..
5) The Mathematics section tests candidate’s knowledge on elementary mathematics, i.e. mathematics taught up to Class X. 
Infrastructure.
The NLUD campus is located in the heart of Sector-14, Dwarka Sub City with close proximity to the Eros Metro Mall. The newly constructed campus is beautifully landscaped and spacious, developed keeping in mind to create a vibrant atmosphere that emphasizes on learning. The University is fully residential to provide maximum peer interaction for stimulation of intellect. The University is well connected, being present at the heart of Dwarka with world class connectivity through public transport. The campus sprawls over 21 acres of prime land dedicated to the University.
Prof. Ghanshyam Singh Hostels.
The Halls of Residence include dormitories and common recreation areas. For freshers, the rooms provided are on a triple sharing basis. The hostels consist of six stories with sixteen rooms on each floor. The rooms provided are adequately spacious and comfortable. The recreation areas are fully equipped with LED televisions and table tennis equipment for usage. The washrooms are equipped with shower stalls with heated water facilities by the use of solar water heaters. The Halls contain separate mess areas. A separate cafeteria also exists, being adorned by series of artworks added by the students themselves. The cafeteria, being able to seat over 100 people, serves both vegetarian and non-vegetarian food.
Gymnasium and Sports.
The University believes in the adage, 'Your body is a temple'. To ensure that the physical fitness of students is maintained, the University provides several options. A state of the art gymnasium is maintained in the Halls of Residence. Several facilities for indoor sports such as table tennis and pool are also provided in the Halls of Residence themselves. For outdoor sports, the University has constructed a basketball court, badminton court and volleyball court along with designated jogging tracks. Additional sports facilities are in the pipeline.
Other.
A 700 seater auditorium has been constructed by the University for holding University functions as well as seminars, conferences and cultural programs. The auditorium is equipped with state of the art audio and visual facilities. Four seminar rooms are also being used for ancillary purposes, primarily being the venues for the variety of conferences hosted by the University throughout the year. The 170 seater Moot Court Hall is utilized for judging internal moots and hosting the University's flagship moot.
Academics.
Undergraduate.
NLUD offers a five-year undergraduate (UG) B.A., LL.B. (Hons.) program. Seventy seats are offered and ten additional seats are allocated to foreign nationals. The undergraduate program is based on a credits system with additional seminar courses for further learning, pursuant according to the interests of the students. The program consists of fifty subjects to be studied over the duration of ten semesters, with five subjects in each semester. Students are expected to submit fifty research projects before their graduation. The curriculum remains intensive and has led to concerns being brought about stress levels amongst the students.
Postgraduate.
NLUD also offers a one year LL.M. program. The admission is through a written test which is conducted by the University followed by an interview. It additionally offers Postgraduate Diploma program in Urban Environmental Management, Judging and Court Management, and IPR and Patent Law along with Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D).
Prominent Faculty.
The faculty has been very vocal in the public domain, being regular contributors for "The Hindu" and "NDTV". Apart from the regular faculty, the University is also a research hub, hosting alumni from institutions such as the George Washington University Law School, University College London, School of Oriental and African Studies, Gujarat National Law University and the National Law School of India University. Also, a variety of established dignitaries in their respective fields are a part of the guest faculty that frequently deliver lectures at the University. The highly distinguished visiting faculty consists of Prof. John Shulman, Harvard Law School alumnus Prof. Gagan Kumar Kwatra and Prof. Babu Mathew, among others.
Justice TPS Chawla Library.
The Justice TPS Chawla Library has a state-of-the-art, easily accessible library building, with three floors and an immense seating capacity. The library is named after Hon'ble Justice TPS Chawla of the High Court of Delhi who contributed significantly to the development of the library by donating his personal collection of rare volumes to it. The library is fully automated, and book circulation is maintained through electronic Library-cum-Identity Cards with the help of a barcode system. The collection comprises over 41,000 documents, including monographs, commentaries, textbooks, reference books and loose leaf material on various subjects, such as Jurisprudence, Judicial Process, Constitutional law, Intellectual Property, Public International Law, Environmental Law, Alternative Dispute Resolution, Aviation Law, Human Rights, Criminal Law, Cyber Laws, International Business Transactions, and Maritime Law.
The library itself consists of three stories of infrastructural elegance. The reception of the library is preceded by a waiting room adorning a picture of the Late Justice TPS Chawla. Of note in the library is the IT zone consisting of personal computers equipped for use by the students, the laptop bays for usage and the several moot court research labs dotted around for better research facilities. Another feature of note is the Recommendation system where any book can be ordered by the students, paid for by the library.
Research.
NLUD has twenty six exclusive research centres.
NLUD also possesses endowed chairs.
Publications.
NLUD Student Law Journal
The" NLUD Student Law Journal" is the first law journal published by the University, being published since 2012. It is a collection of articles by blind peer-review process. The dispositions of the scholars range from legal to non-legal perspectives on different contemporary issues. The Editorial Board consists of legal luminaries like Soli Sorabjee, Justice Gita Mittal, Justice A.K.Sikri, Mr Lalit Bhasin, Mr Hemant Batra, Professor B.B. Pandey and Professor Upendra Baxi.
International Journal of Transparency and Accountability in Governance
This annual journal has been first published in 2014, with the objective of functioning as a forum for reflective writings on the theory and practice of good governance models by keeping abreast with research done by the scholars in this field. The Journal aims to provide high level commentary on issues applicable to improving governance measures in India. It is the flagship journal of the Centre for Transparency and Accountability in Governance.
Journal of National Law University, Delhi
The "Journal of National Law University, Delhi", first published in 2014, is a faculty run, peer-reviewed journal published by the National Law University, Delhi. The Journal seeks to provide a platform for engaging in multi-disciplinary discussions on themes of law, society and justice. Towards this end, the Journal welcomes submissions from academicians, practitioners and research scholars (including PhD candidates) from law and allied fields. The Journal does not accept student submissions.
Moot Court Competitions.
The University has entered into MoU with National University of Singapore, Singapore International Arbitration Centre and Kaden Borris Partners, Lawyers, Gurgaon annually host and conduct the IICLAM moot competition. It also organizes its flagship moot, the All India Corporate Law Moot Court Competition along with hosting the South Asia rounds of the Oxford Monroe E. Price International Media Law Moot Court Competition.
The University has gained widespread global coverage after its domination in international moot court competitions. It won the 6th Oxford Monroe E. Price International Media Law Moot Court Competition as well as the 11th Red Cross International Humanitarian Law Moot during the 2012-13 season as well as winning the 5th Law Asia Moot Court Competition in 2010. The University has won the Asia-Pacific rounds of the 2013 edition of Manfred Lachs International Space Law Moot. Students have also won the prestigious Best Speaker nomination at the Leiden-Sarin International Air Law Moot Court. Further achievements include the Runners Up trophy at the Oxford International Intellectual Property Moot. The University has also consistently performed well at the Philip C. Jessup International Law Moot Court Competition, breaking in regularly with good speaker citations. It has also consistently dominated the North India rounds of the competition.
Domestic achievements of National Law University, Delhi are equally impressive. The University has garnered accolades at moot court competitions all across the country, regularly challenging for the title in LegallyIndia's Mooting Premier League, an indicator of moot court achievements over a particular season. Its latest edition places the University at second position, a culmination of season long mooting successes inclusive of domestic triumphs as well as international accolades.
Competitive Debating.
The University organizes its flagship debate, the Prof. Ghanshyam Singh Memorial Parliamentary Debate, every year. The debate features participation from a wide variety of colleges all over the country, with over 300 students and 60 colleges taking part. The latest edition of the debate received rave reviews for high quality adjudication and lavish hospitality provided by the organizers.
The University is one of the most accomplished debating institutions in the country, having won two of the most prestigious debating competitions in the subcontinent, the 66th St. Stephen's College, Delhi's Mukarji Memorial in 2014 and the Xth NLS Debate in 2012, along with finishing runners up at the IIT Bombay National Debate. Notable victories include the gold at the 1st NALSAR Inter-Varsity Parliamentary Debate, the 4th IIT Guwahati Debate, the IIT Madras Debate 2009, the 6th NUJS Parliamentary Debate, the 7th N.V. Thadani Memorial Debate (Hindu College), Crossfire 2013 (Sri Ram College of Commerce), the 10th Premchand Memorial Debate (Hindu College), the 5th CNLU Parliamentary Debate, the R.V. International Debating Tournament 2013, 2010 (RVCE), the NLU Jodhpur Debate and the Q.E.D, BITS-Pilani. Participants from the University have also finished with the silver at the IIT Delhi Debate, IIT Roorkee Debate, St. Xavier's College, Mumbai British Parliamentary Debate, 1st Indian National Debate Championship, XIth NLS Debate, NLIU Bhopal Debate, NLU Jodhpur Debate and the Punjab Engineering College Debate.
Student Bar Council.
The Students' Bar Council serves as the umbrella organization that governs the various committees existing in the University. Members of the Council and the committees are appointed through elections. The Council consists of multiple committees which are headed by the students.
Kairos.
Kairos, the maiden edition taking place in 2014, is the literary and cultural fest of the University. Expected to feature massive football, it includes a variety of events, which are legal as well as cultural. Each night features performances by popular stage artists and musicians, including Dualist Inquiry, Dhruv Visvanathan and The Family Cheese.
Other Activities.
Apart from taking part in moot court competitions and debating tournaments, as well as hosting Kairos, the University also encourages holistic development through routine participation in extra-curricular events, many of which the college organizes itself.
Alumni.
The first batch of the University passed out in 2013, with the convocation being presided over by Shri Pranab Mukherjee, President of India at the Vigyan Bhavan. The alumni of the University have established themselves at leading national and international law firms, the Supreme Court of India, various High Courts and other research avenues. Many students have also gained admission to prestigious universities for post graduation. Currently, the University has alumni presence at the likes of Linklaters LLP, Herbert Smith Freehills LLP, Harvard Law School, University of Oxford and the Supreme Court of India.

</doc>
<doc id="20340381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340381" title="Cynthia Hogan">
Cynthia Hogan

Cynthia C. Hogan (born Cincinnati, Ohio about 1958) is the Counsel to the Vice President of the United States, Joe Biden, under President Barack Obama. Hogan previously worked as Chief Counsel to Vice President Biden during his time in the United States Senate and served as Staff Director of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
In 1995, she assisted with the drafting of anti-terrorism legislation.
She has experience with judicial nominations. During the confirmation process for Sonia Sotomayor's nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court, she was (metaphorically) Judge Sotomayor's sherpa.
She holds a B.A. in art history from Oberlin College (1979), and a J.D. from the University of Virginia Law School (1984). She was Notes Editor of the Virginia Law Review, then a clerk for U.S. District Court judge Edward Norman Cahn in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. She was an associate at Williams & Connolly, before going to work for Biden (1991–1996). She advised Biden unofficially while she stayed home raising her children.
She and her husband both contributed to Democratic National Committee (1992). She gave money to Ralph Neas (1997) in his unsuccessful attempt to unseat Connie Morella in Maryland's 8th congressional district. Her husband has consistently donated to his employer's (the Arent Fox law firm) political action committee; the firm appears to contribute to the party of the incumbent President of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20340382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340382" title="Joginiya-1">
Joginiya-1

Joginiya-1 is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3319 people living in 565 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340396" title="Joginiya-2">
Joginiya-2

Joginiya-2 is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3248 people living in 550 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340401" title="Uncial 0238">
Uncial 0238

Uncial 0238 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek-Coptic uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 8th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of John 7:10-12, on one parchment leaf (9.5 cm by 7 cm). Written in one column per page, 10 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 8th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1954.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Austrian National Library (Pap. K. 8668) in Vienna. 

</doc>
<doc id="20340403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340403" title="Kabilash">
Kabilash

Kabilash is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2884 people living in 571 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340406" title="Kachan">
Kachan

Kachan is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3072 people living in 468 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340407" title="British American Railway Services">
British American Railway Services

British American Railway Services (BARS) is a British locomotive and spot hire company. It is ultimately owned by Iowa Pacific Holdings.
BARS subsidiaries include RMS Locotec, Hanson Traction, Weardale Railway, Dartmoor Railway, and Devon & Cornwall Railways (DCR), which is an embryonic open access operator.

</doc>
<doc id="20340411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340411" title="Sri Lohit High School">
Sri Lohit High School

Sri Lohit High School is an educational institute in the lower part of Majuli, (Namoni Majuli) Jorhat, Assam, INDIA. It is said to have been named after the Lohit River, a tributary to the Brahmaputra River. It has both the high (from class VIII to class X) and Middle English (from class V to class VII) section. Both the Sri Lohit High School and Sri Lohit Middle English School are situated in the same campus with a single school building.
History.
The school was established in 1952 under the name Sri Lohit Middle English School with Headteacher Nandi Das. The founder Headteacher of the M.E. School section was Jogen Dutta.
Campus.
There is a playground in front of the school-building where outdoor games are held. The campus is surrounded by paddy fields on three sides. A vocational school is on the campus. 
The campus is used almost every year to held "Bihu Xonmilon" (stage bihu competition) and "Bohagi bidai" (farewell to "bohag" month or rongali bihu) during the Rongali Bihu by the local cultural committees.
Academic instruction.
Subjects and Medium.
The medium of teaching is Assamese, but students can take classes in English also. The following subjects are there for both the High and M.E. section. The Hindi, History and Geography are Elective Subjects and students have to opt for any one of them.
Academic session.
The academic session starts from January to December. After the completion of six months a Half Yearly Examination is conducted. Then in the end of the year the Annual Examination is commenced. Every class teacher takes a Unit Test on their subject throughout the year.
Summer classes.
This is an initiative taken by the regional AASU committee to offer free coaching classes to the students during the summer vacation period. Students from other schools of the locality also can join these summer classes.
Spiritual instruction.
The classes start from 10:00am. Before that is Morning Prayer. The students always get together in a line in the front field or veranda and offer their prayer. The teachers also join them. Then they go to their classrooms.
Student life.
The students have a Union which is the general body of the students of the School. The union functions in accordance with its constitution. Office bearers of the Union Executives are elected annually and they function under the guidance of a teacher-in-charge appointed by the Principal. One student in every class is appointed Class Captain in order to look after the classin the absence of class teacher. The 10th standard students get exemption from taking part in the union due to their preparation for matriculation.
Uniform.
For boys navy blue trousers and sky blue shirts. For girls, in the M.E. section, navy blue skirts and sky blue tops and in the High section mekhela chador, mekhela being white and chador being white with navy blue edge. Students wear a school-badge.
Events.
Annual events celebrated by the school include Republic Day, Independence Day, Teachers' Day, Saraswati pooja, the eve of the summer vacation and other regional/national festivals.
During the annual sports week students play cricket, football, volleyball, kabaddi, running, relay race, shotput, javelin, discus, long jump, high jump, triple jump, Ludo, chess, carrom, musical chairs, skipping, debate, Oratory, creative writing, poetry recitation, music and drama.
At the end of the week is prize-giving day. From every class, one of the students is awarded as the Best Student of the Year depending on their academic/discipline/attendance) performance throughout the year.
The farewell of the 10th Standard students is a special occasion in the school. After being passed out in the test examination, which is so crucial being a qualifying exam to matriculation, the students get together in the school for the last time.

</doc>
<doc id="20340414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340414" title="Jean-François Lucquin">
Jean-François Lucquin

Jean-François Lucquin (born 25 December 1978) is a French professional golfer. 
Having played on the Challenge Tour for four seasons, Lucquin finally gained his place on the European Tour for 2003 by finishing second in the 2002 Challenge Tour rankings, winning the Panalpina Banque Commerciale du Maroc Classic along the way.
After struggling in his first season on the European Tour, Lucquin regained his card for the following season at the qualifying school, since when he has steadily improved his standing each year. In 2008 he won his first European Tour title at the Omega European Masters, defeating Rory McIlroy in a playoff, and went on to finish the season ranked 52nd on the Order of Merit.
Results in major championships.
DNP = did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied for place<br>
Green background for wins. Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="20340423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340423" title="Kalyanpur, Sagarmatha">
Kalyanpur, Sagarmatha

Kalyanpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5853 people living in 995 individual households. This is one of the well-developed village development committee in Saptari District.
Kalyanpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 8724 people living in 1705 individual households. This is one of the well-developed village development committee in Saptari District.
VDC Name :Kalyanpur
VDC Households :1705
District Name :Saptari
Area in Square Km :19.1
Zone :Sagarmatha
Development Region :Eastern
Ecological Zone :Terai
Ecological Sub Zone :Eastern Terai
Male :4144
Female :4580
Total Population :8724
Population Density :457 per sq. km

</doc>
<doc id="20340437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340437" title="Kamalpur, Nepal">
Kamalpur, Nepal

Kamalpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3617 people living in 671 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340443" title="Kanchanpur, Sagarmatha">
Kanchanpur, Sagarmatha

Kanchanpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6007.

</doc>
<doc id="20340462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340462" title="Kataiya, Nepal">
Kataiya, Nepal

Kataiya is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3820 people living in 679 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340480" title="Imitation (disambiguation)">
Imitation (disambiguation)

Imitation may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20340486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340486" title="Estonian Lower Leagues 2008">
Estonian Lower Leagues 2008


</doc>
<doc id="20340499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340499" title="Khadgapur">
Khadgapur

Khadgapur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3538 people living in 601 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340509" title="Khojpur">
Khojpur

Khojpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3703 people living in 649 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340512" title="Seninle Bir Dakika">
Seninle Bir Dakika

"Seninle Bir Dakika" () was the Turkish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1975, held in Stockholm, Sweden. The song was sung by Semiha Yankı.
The song was performed 13th on 22 March, following Israel's Shlomo Artzi with "At Va'Ani" and preceding Monaco's Sophie Hecquet with "Une chanson c'est une lettre". She received 3 points, placing 19th in a field of 19.
The song later became a big hit, back in Turkey. It is widely believed that the song was unable to present its true potential in Eurovision, as it is a slow song, among a faster rhythm of that year, and most importantly the song was in Turkish, making the power of its lyrics inaccessible to the foreign audience.
In addition to this, although her performance or voice wasn't lacking, it is also claimed that she was running a 104 degree fever.
This was Turkey's first entry to the Eurovision contest.
It was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1978 Contest by Nilüfer & Nazar with "Sevince".

</doc>
<doc id="20340523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340523" title="Limuru Constituency">
Limuru Constituency

Limuru Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of five constituencies in Kiambu District. The constituency was established for the 1963 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20340525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340525" title="Khoksar Parbaha">
Khoksar Parbaha

Khoksar Parbaha is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2964 people living in 534 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340532" title="Ko. Madhepura">
Ko. Madhepura

Ko. Madhepura is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4488.

</doc>
<doc id="20340537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340537" title="MV Karagöl">
MV Karagöl

The MV "Karagöl" is an oil/chemical tanker owned and operated by the Istanbul based Turkish company YDC Denizcilik A.Ş. (YDC Maritime Co.), sailing under Turkish flag. The marine company is also partnered by the ruling AK Party's Istanbul deputy Hasan Kemal Yardımcı.
On November 12, 2008, the ship was captured by Somali pirates in the thirty-fifth such attack in 2008.
The "Karagöl"s crew (at the time of capture) consisted of 14 Turks. The vessel was subsequently released, possibly as a result of a ransom payment, on 13 January 2009.
Hijacking.
On November 12, 2008, the "Karagöl" was hijacked off the coast of Yemen near the Horn of Africa. The ship was allegedly heading to Mumbai, India transporting 4,500 tons of chemical of unknown substance.
Following a message received from the ship's crew that they were attacked by pirates, Turkish authorities informed British warships patrolling in the region as part of a NATO mission about the incident. NATO forces were asked by the Turkish government to intervene.
The "Karagöl" is the second Turkish-owned vessel hijacked in the area within two weeks after MV "Yasa Neslihan", and the second chemical tanker seized within two days, following the Philippines-flagged MV "Stolt Strength".
Kubilay Marangoz, a lawyer of the ship-owner, said in an interview that "Our hands are tied. We have nothing to do at the moment. We are in contact with the pirates. They have demanded ransom. We are negotiating with them." He did not disclose the amount of the ransom demanded.

</doc>
<doc id="20340539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340539" title="Leinster League Division One">
Leinster League Division One

Leinster League Division One, as the name implies, is the first division of the Leinster League and started in the 1994/95 season.
Suttonians, Co. Carlow, Arklow, Mullingar, Garda, Navan, Naas, Wexford Wanderers, Portlaoise, Dundalk and Enniscorthy entered the division through the qualifying matches in the 1993/1994 season.
The number of teams in the division was reduced from 14 to 12 in the 2007/08 season, but this was reversed in the 2008/09 season.
2007/2008 Season.
At the end of the season, Ashbourne were relegated to Division Two and Enniscorthy, Newbridge and Tullow were promoted, making it 14 teams once again for 2008/2009.
2006/2007 Season.
At the end of the season, Mullingar, Enniscorthy and Kilkenny were relegated to Division Two and Ashbourne and Wicklow were promoted. Naas won promotion to AIB Division Three.

</doc>
<doc id="20340546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340546" title="Kochabakhari">
Kochabakhari

Kochabakhari is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4683 people living in 933 individual households.
References.
This VDC has 3 villages namely Lokharam, Kochabakhari & kupahi. Lokharam is the largest village among them.Lokharam is situated near Bhaluwahi river. Indian border lies only 3 KM away from this village. Main occupation of the people of this village is farming. Few people are also serving in Government offices of Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="20340552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340552" title="Koiladi">
Koiladi

Koiladi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3765 people living in 678 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340560" title="Kushaha">
Kushaha

Kushaha is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4852 people living in 819 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340569" title="Lalapati">
Lalapati

Lalapati is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4132 people living in 834 individual households where is the sarapa & lalpati both village 
too much people sarapa 
edited by israfeel jkhame mobaile NO. 9804704122

</doc>
<doc id="20340574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340574" title="Launiya">
Launiya

Launiya is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2454 people living in 427 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340580" title="Lohajara">
Lohajara

Lohajara is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4663 people living in 859 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340591" title="Uncial 0239">
Uncial 0239

Uncial 0239 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek-Coptic uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 7th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Luke 2:27-30,34, on one parchment leaf (26 cm by 21 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th-century.
It was written and found in Egypt.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1954.
The text was published by H. L. Heller.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the British Library in London, with the shelf number 4717 (16).
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.

</doc>
<doc id="20340620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340620" title="Madhawapur">
Madhawapur

Madhawapur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4095 people living in 762 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340628" title="Madhupati">
Madhupati

Madhupati is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3425 people living in 635 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340639" title="Preston River">
Preston River

The Preston River is a river in the South West region of Western Australia.
The river has a total length of and rises near Goonac siding then flows in a north-westerly direction until discharging into the Leschenault Estuary.
The headwaters are inland within the Darling Range and run across the Blackwood Plateau and the Swan Coastal Plain. 
The majority of the river catchment has been cleared for agriculture although some remnant forest vegetation exists at the headwaters.
The towns of Donnybrook and Boyanup are on the shores of the Preston River. 
The major tributaries of the river include the Ferguson River and Joshua Creek. Minor tributaries include Thomson Brook, Crooked Brook, Charley Creek, Waterfall Gully, Mininup Brook, Millbrook and Gavin Guly. The Glen Mervyn Dam is along the Preston River.
The river basin is monitored routinely as a result of eutrophication problems within the Leschenault Inlet. The water quality is fresh in many places and generally low in nutrients although some areas are slightly enriched with nitrogen.

</doc>
<doc id="20340642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340642" title="Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004">
Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004

Spain participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 with an entry selected through the third series of the reality-show "Operación Triunfo", hosted from Barcelona by Carlos Lozano. Ramón with the song Para llenarme de ti, composed by Kike Santander, was chosen through televoting by the Spanish public. At the Eurovision final, Ramon placed 10th with 87 points.
Operación Triunfo (third series).
After the regular final of Operación Triunfo (where Vicente Seguí was declared the overall winner), the top four contestants - Vicente, Ramón, Miguel and Davinia - qualified for the Eurovision phase of the contest, which consisted of two rounds and a final. Three songs were assigned to each contestant among those submitted to national broadcaster TVE, making a total of twelve songs. In the first round, a jury eliminated one of the songs assigned to each artist, leaving a total of eight. In the second round, a finalist song was chosen for each contestant through televoting. The four songs that participated in the final were "Cómo quieres que te quiera" by Davinia, "Muéveme" by Miguel, "Para llenarme de ti" by Ramón, and "Se me va la vida" by Vicente.
Result of national final.
At the close of voting, "Para llenarme de ti" performed by Ramón was awarded first place with 38.8% of the vote.
At Eurovision.
Spain automatically qualified for the grand final, on 12 May 2004; as part of the "Big Four". During the placement draw, it was determined that Spain would perform 1st. On 12 May, Spain placed 10th with 87 points.

</doc>
<doc id="20340646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340646" title="Apulum (company)">
Apulum (company)

Apulum, officially S.C. Apulum S.A. is a manufacturer of porcelain products, founded in Alba Iulia in 1970. It is Romania's largest porcelain producer and one of the main European exporters.

</doc>
<doc id="20340647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340647" title="CD Vicálvaro">
CD Vicálvaro

Club Deportivo Vicálvaro is a Spanish football team based in the Madrid district of Vicálvaro. Founded in 1928, it currently plays in "Preferente", holding home matches at "Estadio Municipal de Vicálvaro", which seats 3,000.
History.
From 1987–97, Vicálvaro played nine years in national championships ("Tercera División"). In the 1991–92 season, it faced UE Figueres in the Spanish Cup. The Catalans were led by Jorge D'Alessandro, with future Olympic champion "Toni" Jiménez in goal (later of RCD Espanyol fame).
Subsequently, the club returned to the amateur leagues, even dropping down another level at the end of 2002–03 (promoting again immediately).

</doc>
<doc id="20340662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340662" title="Royscot Trust Ltd v Rogerson">
Royscot Trust Ltd v Rogerson

Royscot Trust Ltd v Rogerson [http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWCA/Civ/1991/12.html EWCA Civ 12 is an English contract law case, concerning the Misrepresentation Act 1967 and the extent of damages available under s 2(1) for negligent misrepresentation. It decided that under the Act, the appropriate measure of damages was the same as that for common law fraud, or damages for all losses flowing from a misrepresentation, even if unforeseeable.
Facts.
Andrew Rogerson wanted to get a second hand Honda Prelude on hire purchase. He went to see the car dealer, Maidenhead Honda Centre Ltd. They agreed to sell Mr Rogerson a car for £7600. Mr Rogerson paid a £1200 deposit. To finance the rest, Mr Rogerson got the help of a finance company called Royscot Trust Ltd. On Mr Rogerson's behalf, Maidenhead did the application forms. But it falsely stated (i.e. misrepresented) that the cost of the car was £8000 and the deposit being paid was £1600. Royscot approved the loan. Had accurate figures been stated, Royscot would not have done this as its policy was only to lend money for hire purchase if 20% of the total cost was paid in the deposit (1200/7600 = 15.7%). 
Mr Rogerson started to pay off his instalments, but subsequently ran into difficulties with money. In August 1987 he sold the car off, dishonestly, as he knew it was not allowed under the terms of the hire purchase agreement. He informed the finance company of this in August 1988, and stopped paying instalments in September 1988, with £3,625·24 left to pay. 
In order to recover its losses, Royscot sued the car dealer, Maidenhead Honda Centre Ltd, alleging that the company's reliance upon the garage's innocent misrepresentation (fraud was not mentioned) induced it to enter into the hire purchase contract. It argued that, had the car dealer not given the wrong figures, it would never have entered the credit agreement, and therefore the subsequent loss was the car dealer's fault. The car dealer countered that the real cause of Royscot's loss was Mr Rogerson's dishonest sale of the car, because if he had not sold it, they would be entitled to repossession and discharge of their debt that way. The car dealer argued that Mr Rogerson's independent wrongful act broke the chain of causation between its misrepresentation and Royscot's loss.
The court had to consider whether under the Misrepresentation Act 1967, s.2(1), a misrepresentee is liable for all consequences of a false statement (as in a common law action for fraud), or if Mr Rogerson's independent act broke the necessary chain of causation (as in a common law action for negligence).
Judgment.
Balcombe LJ and Ralph Gibson LJ held that for innocent misrepresentation under s.2(1), the correct measure of damages was tortious measure, and the same as that for the tort of deceit. The car dealer was liable for all the consequences of his misrepresentation, and therefore had to pay off the debts owed to Royscot Trust Ltd. In any case, Mr Rogerson's wrongful sale of the car was foreseeable and not a break in the chain of causation. The following passage of Balcombe LJ's judgment is key:

</doc>
<doc id="20340663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340663" title="John Oldham (baseball)">
John Oldham (baseball)

John Hardin Oldham (born November 6, 1932) is a former Major League Baseball player who had one of the shortest baseball careers in the history of the game. Oldham batted right and threw left-handed. Although he was a pitcher during all of his professional career, Oldham's only MLB appearance came as a pinch runner for the Cincinnati Redlegs in the 1956 season.
Oldham was signed by the Redlegs out of San Jose State University in as a pitcher. He spent that season with the minor league Columbia Reds of the South Atlantic League. In , he pitched for the Seattle Rainiers of the Pacific Coast League, where he had a record of 9-6 and an earned run average of 3.84.
He entered a game on September 2, 1956 against the Chicago Cubs in the third inning at Crosley Field in Cincinnati as a pinch runner for Ted Kluszewski, who himself had pinch-hit for third baseman Alex Grammas. The next batter popped out and Oldham was replaced on defense by Rocky Bridges. Although he pitched for three more seasons in the minor leagues, his MLB career was over.
College.
Oldham was a three-year letterwinner at San Jose State University, from 1952 through 1954. A member of the school's Hall of Fame, Oldham still holds the Spartans' career and single-season records for strikeouts and walks; he also ranks among the school's top ten for career wins, and career and single-season innings pitched.

</doc>
<doc id="20340671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340671" title="Ami Harten">
Ami Harten

Amiram Harten (1947 – 1994) was an American/Israeli applied mathematician. Harten made fundamental contribution to the development of high-resolution schemes for the solution of hyperbolic partial differential equations. Among other contributions, he developed the total variation diminishing scheme, which gives an oscillation free solution for flow with shocks.
In 1980s, Harten along with Björn Engquist, Stanley Osher, and Sukumar R. Chakravarthy developed the essentially non-oscillatory (ENO) schemes. The article on ENO, titled, "Uniformly High Order Accurate Essentially Non-oscillatory Schemes, III" was published in Journal of Computational Physics, in 1987 
and is one of the most cited papers in the field of scientific computing. It was republished in 1997 in the same journal. Harten is listed as an ISI highly cited researcher.
In 1990 Harten gave a talk on "Recent developments in shock-capturing schemes" at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Kyoto.

</doc>
<doc id="20340673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340673" title="Mahadeva, Sagarmatha">
Mahadeva, Sagarmatha

Mahadeva is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4670 people living in 823 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340678" title="Maina Kaderi">
Maina Kaderi

Maina Kaderi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2917 people living in 596 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340686" title="Maina Sahasrabahu">
Maina Sahasrabahu

Maina Sahasrabahu is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3372 people living in 597 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340691" title="Malekpur">
Malekpur

Malekpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5778 people living in 953 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340698" title="Maleth">
Maleth

Maleth is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4640 people living in 829 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340699" title="Buzzard Coulee meteorite">
Buzzard Coulee meteorite

Buzzard Coulee is the collective name of the meteorites fallen on November 20, 2008 over Saskatchewan, Canada.
History.
The fireball was first spotted at around 17:30 MST (00:30 UTC) (ISO 8601 format: 2008-11-21T00:30Z) and was reported by people living in Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, and even North Dakota. It was five times as bright as a full moon. Over 400 people reported seeing it. There are several videos of the meteoroid on YouTube. The object split into multiple pieces before widespread impact. The meteoroid entered the atmosphere at approximately 14 kilometres per second and is estimated to have been about the size of a desk and have had a mass of approximately 10 tonnes.
The village of Marsden, Saskatchewan became a hub of activity for meteorite hunters, being just south of the estimated 20 square kilometre debris field. Locals dubbed the object the "Marsden Meteor"; many of the residents reported seeing, hearing and even smelling the burning fragments as they fell. The meteor was also referred to as the "Buzzard Coulee fireball", named after the area where searchers found the first fragments. Buzzard Coulee is located approximately from the Battle River valley.
The first pieces of the rock were found by Ellen Milley, a University of Calgary Master's student on November 27, 2008. Milley was a part of a team working with Dr. Alan Hildebrand, University of Calgary professor and Canadian Research Chair in Planetary Science in the ice of a fish pond about south east of Lloydminster, Saskatchewan, near the hamlet of Lone Rock. Lone Rock, Battle River, Marsden and other names were possible candidates for the meteorite name, but the University of Calgary researchers followed the local residents' lead in officially calling the fall Buzzard Coulee, after the oldest-named geographic feature in the fall area. Ten pieces were initially found; the largest fragment weighed and smallest was .
In total, more than one thousand meteorite fragments have been collected from the 10-tonne fireball, among them are two fragments. This event has set a new Canadian record for the most number of pieces recovered from a single meteorite fall.
Robert A. Haag, a famous American meteorite hunter, offered $10,000 to anyone who gave him the first one-kilogram chunk of the meteorite.
"We can see on the videos that there were three big pieces that continue here. And those aren't found yet," said Alan Hildebrand on May 4, 2009. The meteorite hunters have, however, broken a world's record for collecting over 1,000 fragments, the most ever collected from a single meteor fall. The largest found to date was .
Classification.
Buzzard Coulee was classified as ordinary chondrite H4 with a shock stage S2 and a weathering grade W0.

</doc>
<doc id="20340702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340702" title="Malhanama">
Malhanama

Malhanama is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,108 people living in 511 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340707" title="Malhaniya">
Malhaniya

Malhaniya is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5948 people living in 1137 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340714" title="Manraja">
Manraja

Manraja is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3150 people living in 585 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340715" title="T49">
T49

T49, T 49 T.49 or T-49 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="20340723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340723" title="Mauwaha">
Mauwaha

Mauwaha is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3497 people living in 614 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340740" title="Mohanpur, Sagarmatha">
Mohanpur, Sagarmatha

Mohanpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4095 people living in 748 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340741" title="Mongolia–South Korea relations">
Mongolia–South Korea relations

Mongolia–South Korea relations are foreign relations between South Korea and the Mongolia. Both countries established diplomatic relations on March 26, 1990. South Korea has an embassy in Ulan Bator. Mongolia has an embassy in Seoul.
Movement of people.
Mongolians in South Korea form the largest population of Mongolian citizens abroad. Their numbers were estimated at 33,000 . There are also about 3,500 South Koreans in Mongolia. Under a bilateral agreement signed in 2006, citizens of each country residing in the other are exempted from otherwise-mandatory contributions to the national pension plans of the country they reside in.

</doc>
<doc id="20340744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340744" title="Uncial 0240">
Uncial 0240

Uncial 0240 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 5th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Epistle to Titus 1:4-8, on one parchment leaf (26 cm by 22 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 23 lines per page, in uncial letters.
It is a palimpsest. The upper text is written in Georgian, it contains a menologion.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1956.
It was examined by Pasquale Orsini.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Georgian National Center of Manuscripts (2123, ff. 191, 198) in Tbilisi. 

</doc>
<doc id="20340748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340748" title="Svartsjö County">
Svartsjö County

The County of Svartsjö, or "Svartsjö län" was a county of Sweden from 1787 to 1809. It was separated the County of Stockholm and corresponds to the current Ekerö Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="20340750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340750" title="Toni Abela">
Toni Abela

Toni Abela (born July 2, 1957) is a Maltese politician.
Political career.
Dr.Abela served as the President of the Labour Party between 1988 and 1989.
Toni Abela and former Labour MP Parliamentary whip Wenzu Mintoff founded the new political Party (Alternativa Demokratika). He joined a number of environmental activists to form the new political party. Abela and Mintoff have resigned their posts in protest to the presence of certain elements in the Labour Party. That were, political violence and corruption. For this Abela was expelled from the Labour Party. 
Toni Abela first stood for the Maltese General elections in 1987 on the 1st district when he obtained 6.619% of first preference votes and on 4th district when he obtained 10.43% of first preference votes. Following the 1998 result, Abela resigned from the party and returned to the Labour Party. Abela was elected to the post of Deputy Leader Party Affairs of the Labour Party on 12 June 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20340751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340751" title="Nargho">
Nargho

Nargho is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4640 people living in 960 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340760" title="County of Jönköping and Kronoberg">
County of Jönköping and Kronoberg

Jönköping and Kronoberg County, or "Jönköpings och Kronobergs län" was a county of the Swedish Empire in several periods from 1634 to 1687. It was ultimately split into the Jönköping County and the Kronoberg County.

</doc>
<doc id="20340764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340764" title="Negada">
Negada

Negada is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2349 people living in 4365 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340765" title="Canon de 24 Gribeauval">
Canon de 24 Gribeauval

The Canon de 24 Gribeauval was a French 24-pounder cannon and part of the Gribeauval system developed by Jean Baptiste Vaquette de Gribeauval. It was part of the siege artillery.
The canon de 24 Gribeauval was used extensively during the wars following the French Revolution, as well as the Napoleonic wars. 
Some of the earlier Gribeauval siege guns kept the baroque "dolphin" design for the handles.

</doc>
<doc id="20340772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340772" title="Legacy (2000 film)">
Legacy (2000 film)

Legacy is a 2000 American documentary film directed by Tod Lending. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 
The film tracks three different generations (over five years) of a family in Chicago that lives in the ghettos. Their lives change, however, after a life-altering event - the murder of a family member - slowly changes them to have a more positive outlook on life.

</doc>
<doc id="20340773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340773" title="Konstantinos Skarlatos">
Konstantinos Skarlatos

Konstantinos Skarlatos (, March 17, 1872 – 1969) was a Greek Army officer who reached the rank of Lt General. He also competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics as a sport shooter.
Military career.
He was born in 1872 (birth given as 27 March 1877) at Vitolista near Nafpaktos. He entered the Hellenic Army Academy and graduated in July 1892 as an Artillery Second Lieutenant. He fought in the Greco-Turkish War of 1897, the Balkan Wars and the Asia Minor Campaign. In 1921–1922, he served as Commander of the Army Academy, and retired with the rank of Lieutenant General.
Olympic record.
1906 Athens.
In the 1906 Summer Olympics he participated in the following events:
1912 Stockholm.
Six years later at the 1912 Summer Olympics he participated in the following events:

</doc>
<doc id="20340783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340783" title="Oudaha">
Oudaha

Oudaha is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3445 people living in 652 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340792" title="Pakari">
Pakari

Pakari is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4641 people living in 810 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340796" title="Pansera">
Pansera

Pansera is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3707 people living in 709 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340805" title="Parasbani">
Parasbani

Parasbani is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4652 people living in 873 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340814" title="Paterwa, Sagarmatha">
Paterwa, Sagarmatha

Paterwa is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3069 people living in 570 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340823" title="Pato, Nepal">
Pato, Nepal

Pato is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3520 people living in 705 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340835" title="Lari Constituency">
Lari Constituency

Lari Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. Lari is located in the Western part of Kiambu County. The constituency was established as a constituency in 1966. Lari borders Kinangop North Constituency to the North, Limuru to the North, Githunguri and Gatundu North to the East and Shaina to the West. Lari also forms as one of the 12 sub-counties in Kiambu County. Lari is further divided to Five (5) wards each electing a representative to the Kiambu County Assembly.
According to 2009 Census Lari has a population of 123,895 people. Lari is located forty kilometers from Nairobi Kenya along the Nairobi-Nakuru highway. Lari is a rural constituency. Majority residents are from Kikuyu tribe.
History.
Lari history is scarcely documented. It is said that the name Lari is derived from the Maasai language. The name was in reference to its cold environment.
Lari was one of the constituency created in 1966 after the first Kenyan Senate and House of representatives merged to form the National Assembly (Parliament). The constituency was established as a special seat for the then Kiambu Senator J M Koinange. He was made the first Lari MP with no elections being held.
During the 19th century Lari was a back-up grazing ground for the Maa Community. Due to its cold nature, the area used to be green throughout the year. The Maa community used to frequently to graze in the lands during the dry seasons at the base of the Rift Valley.
Lari Massacre 
The story of the fight for Kenya's independence and Mau Mau has never been complete without the events mention of the Lari Massacre. Lari Massacre is also referred to as the The Night of the long Knives The event happened started in March 1953 where Mau Mau combatants attacked and killed about 100 loyalists in this area. Among the Killed were Chief Luka and 97 other loyalists were murdered on 26 March 1953. Among the victims were 13 of Chief Luka’s immediate family members What followed was more bloodshed as the British administrator hunted Mau Mau in the area. Kereita Forest bears the distinction of being the site of mass graves where over 5000 victims of revenge attacks on the local population by the British colonial administration were buried. Read more on Lari Massacre
Geography.
Lari has a total area of 439.20 squire Kilometers. The area is largely mountainous. Part of Lari forms the escarpments of the Great Rift valley between Gitithia and Kijabe locations. Rukuma area is the highest the highest peak of the Great Rift Valley along the Nairobi-Nakuru Section the Nairobi and Nakuru Lari forms part of the escarpments.
Lari is a largely forested with the area covered by Uplands Forest, Kireita Forest, Kinale forest, Kamae forest and parts of the large Kikuyu Escarpment Forest.
Lari is relatively cold and receive considerable amount of rainfall per year. The area is extremely cold because of its location on the windward side of the cold Aberdare Ranges. The area also forms as the peak of the Great Rift Valley standing at 1,400m of the rift valley.
Administrative Units.
In the national government Lari is a District with its administrative offices in Kimende Township. Its further divided in to 22 locations.
Under the County Government of Kiambu Lari a sub-county headed by a Sub-County administrator. Lari is further divided in to 5 Wards namely Lari/Kirenga, Kijabe, Kaburu, Kinale and Nyanduma Wards. Administrative units are also at Kimende Township
Economic Activities.
Majority residents of Lari practice agriculture as the main source of livelihood however majority are subsistence farmers. Tea farming is largely practiced by residents of the eastern part of Lari. this areas include Kagwe, Kagaa, Gatamaiyu and Matimbei areas.
Vegetable Farming: Lari is more popularly known due to the heavy farming of vegetables which include Cabbages, Danias, spinach and kales (Sukuma Wiki). Vegetable farming in the constituency is largely favored by the large amounts of rainfall received throughout the year and the continuous cold seasons.
There are two major markets for vegetables in the constituency; Soko Mjinga Market and Nyambari Godown Sukuma Wiki Market. Both markets supply to Nairobi, Kisumu and Mombasa an approximately 1,500bags of sukuma wiki per day. Lorries also ferry tones of Cabbages from Kinale location daily to various towns in Kenya.
Pear Fruits Farming: Lari is one of the few places in Kenya where pears are grown. Lari produces majority of the pear fruits per year which grow for only one season per year ( February - May). Pear trees are visible in most parts of Lari especially Nyambari, Gitithia, Githirioni, Kirenga, Kimende and Kambaa locations.
Daily Farming:Majority farmers in the area rear daily cows. While majority practice daily farming for own consumption, the surplus is sold. Daily farming in the area has led establishment of three Milk processing plants in the Area. Sundale Daily Products in Uplands, Green Land Daily in Nyambari and Kinale milk processing Plant.
Industries.
Lari constituency is the host to Two major companies
1. Carbacid Kenya Limited Plant - carbon dioxide mining company
2. Farmers Choice's Uplands Bacon Factory
Civil Society.
Lari is the home to very influential community based organizations in Kiambu County namely
KENVO - Kijabe Environment Volunteers.
Kijabe Environment Volunteers (KENVO) is a voluntary community-based organization engaged in developing sustainable nature conservation programs in the Kikuyu Escarpment Forest. KENVO was formed in 1994 and officially registered in 1996. The major goal of KENVO is to promote conservation of the Kikuyu Escarpment ecosystems, while at the same time supporting community livelihoods. KENVO works in a number of key areas including capacity building, forest restoration, youth empowerment, promoting ecotourism, and research.
KENVO has helped improve the livelihood of communities, reduce threats on biodiversity and develop youth leadership. It collaborates with key stakeholders such as government departments, research institutions, private sector, and other development agencies to inform, educate and build the capacity of communities to embrace appropriate conservation practices in a sustainable way.
Kenvo offices are located in Kimende Township
Naitera Community Empowerment Programme.
Naitera is a community based organization that is registered by the ministry of Gender, Children and Social Development. Naitera was founded in 2011 by members of the community in memory of Naitera who was a Maasai woman exchanged for food during the famine of early 20th century. Naitera activities are spread across Kiambu County Naitera aims to:- 
Naitera has an established network of CBOs and Self-help groups across Kiambu County
Naitera Head offices are located at Kiwa Building in Nyambari Shopping Center
Amani Kenya| The Lari Memorial Peace Museum.
Amani Kenya is based in Kimende, and does Peace, Justice and reconciliation work in Kenya.
As Peace isn't just the absence of war, the Peace Museum does work that ranges from Environment to HIV/AIDS prevention, all while focusing on community wholeness, and remembering how violence destroyed this wholeness.
Amani Kenya is located at Kimende Township, Behind Neema Supermarket,
Infrastructure.
Rail: The Mombasa - Kampala railway passes through the constituency. Lari has two railway substations; Uplands Substation and Matathia Substation.
Road: One of the major link to Lari is the Nairobi - Nakuru Highway (A104)which cuts across the constituency starting from Nyambari Shopping Center connecting Kimende and exiting at Soko Mjinga Vegetable Market. Lari also has 3 other major roads Uplands - Githunguri road, Kimende - Kagwe - Githunguri road and Gichiengo - Kijabe road which are all in poor conditions. Most roads are not tarmacked.
Water Supply Bathi Dam located in Kijabe Ward is the major supplier of water within the constituency. the dam also supplies water to Nairobi through Athi Water Co. Ltd.
Hospitals.
Lari is the home to the infamous Kijabe Mission Hospital. Kijabe is located within the Rift Valley escarpment. Founded in 1915 by missionaries from Africa Inland Mission (AIM), it was initially named Theodora Hospital after US President Theodore Roosevelt. In the 1970s, the Africa Inland Church (AIC), a large church denomination in Kenya assumed ownership and management responsibility for the hospital from AIM. The hospital staff of over 700 now comes from all parts of Kenya and Africa, including a number of volunteer missionaries from overseas
Lari Health Center: this is the largest government health institution in the constituency and its located at Rukuma Shopping Center in Lari/Kirenga Ward
Tourism.
Lari Rift Valley View Points: The Lari section of the escarpment is ranked the highest peak of the Great Rift Valley along the Nairobi - Nakuru Highway. This area of the escarpment gives tourists a good view of the Great Rift Valley with a good view of the Longonot Crater, Suswa Hills and the various steps of the rift valley. Locals have developed the good stand points and car parks along the escarpment. Curio shops are also available loaded with local artifacts and souvenirs.
Wild Animals Kamae forest is a gazetted forest reserve however there are hundreds of Elephants roaming in the forest. The animals can be seen along the Flyover - Gatundu road. Little has been done to market or explore this tourist attraction.
Hikes: Kereita Cave and Waterfall - The Kereita Forest at the southernmost end of the Aberdares range features many interesting hiking trails established by Kijabe Environment Volunteers (KENVO), a local community based organization that works to conserve this rich biodiversity which is a designated Important Bird Area. One of these trails, the Carbacid trail, leads to Kereita Waterfall on Gatamaiyu River, and the adjacent cave that is home to a small bat colony. Bathi dam is also located at a favorite section surrounded by grass and tree shades. creating a good lake-like environment for resting.
Politics.
Lari has for a long time separately from their counterparts from the larger Kiambu and Central Province. Since the start of multiparty democracy in 1992 Lari has never voted for a Member of Parliament from the same party as the siting president despite winning with the presidential vote in 2002 and 2007. However in 2013 Kenya Elections Hon. Mburu Kahangara became the first P to be elected in Lari belong to the same party with the sitting president since 1992.
Members of Parliament.
Elections for the members of parliament, Lari Constituency have been held since the constituency was gazetted in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="20340839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340839" title="Patthargada">
Patthargada

Patthargada is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3992 people living in 755 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340852" title="Pipra (Purba)">
Pipra (Purba)

Pipra (Purba) is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2746 people living in 509 individual households.
References.
http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Pipra_%28Purba%29&veaction=edit&section=1

</doc>
<doc id="20340861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340861" title="Pipra (West)">
Pipra (West)

Pipra (West) is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3254 people living in 599 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340867" title="Democratic Renovator Party">
Democratic Renovator Party

Democratic Renovator Party can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20340870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340870" title="Portaha">
Portaha

Portaha is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4592.

</doc>
<doc id="20340881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340881" title="Ramnagar, Sagarmatha">
Ramnagar, Sagarmatha

Ramnagar is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1776 people living in 315 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340890" title="Olivellidae">
Olivellidae

Olivellidae, common name the "dwarf olives", are a family of small predatory sea snails with smooth, shiny, elongated oval-shaped shells. The shells sometimes show muted but attractive colors, and may have some patterning.
These animals are marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Olivoidea, within the clade Neogastropoda according to the taxonomy of Bouchet and Rocroi.
Taxonomy.
This group were previously placed within the family Olividae, the olives.
According to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi (2005) the family Olivellidae has no subfamilies.
Distribution.
"Olivella" snails are found worldwide, in subtropical and tropical seas and oceans.
Habitat.
These snails are found on sandy substrates intertidally and subtidally.
Life habits.
These snails are all carnivorous sand-burrowers.
Shell description.
The shells are basically oval and cylindrical in shape. They have a well-developed stepped spire. Olivella shells have a siphonal notch at the posterior end of the long narrow aperture. The siphon of the living animal protrudes from the siphon notch. 
The shell surface is extremely glossy because in life the mantle almost always covers the shell.
The fossil record.
Olive shells first appeared during the Campanian.

</doc>
<doc id="20340892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340892" title="Rampur Jamuwa">
Rampur Jamuwa

Rampur Jamuwa is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3158 people living in 559 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340907" title="Rampur Malhaniya">
Rampur Malhaniya

Rampur Malhaniya is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4728 people living in 835 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20340921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340921" title="Pallavolo Sirio Perugia">
Pallavolo Sirio Perugia

Pallavolo Sirio Perugia is an Italian volleyball club based in Perugia.
History.
The team was created in 1970 in Perugia. It won five times the Italian National League, three the Italy's Cup, twice the European Champions League and one the Italy's Supercup.
Team 2010-2011.
"As of September 2010"
Coach: Cesar Claudio Cuello

</doc>
<doc id="20340933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340933" title="Cpuinfo falsification">
Cpuinfo falsification

cpuinfo falsification is a lowest common denominator technique that can be used on GNU operating systems to provide backwards compatible behaviour of the compiler and software tools. This technique is typically used on IBM compatible computers using 80x86 series processors, but can be used on other architectures, where applicable.
Background.
On GNU based operating systems, some software tools, such as the compiler and package building tools, detect CPU specific extensions that are incompatible with existing machines. This may cause incompatibility issues during compilation or operation of software on computers being utilized as backward compatible replacements.
The cpuinfo falsification project.
The cpuinfo falsification project provides an assortment of patches to the GNU operating system to provide i386 compatible behaviour of the compiler and software tools without the need for explicit cross compilation.
setarch.
The Unix setarch command provides the facility to generate falsified generic architecture information for system building. However, this does not currently work on GNU based operating systems:
It's not working.
uname_hack.
The uname_hack kernel module causes generic architecture information to be provided by the kernel.
uname.
The uname utility is fixed by loading the uname hack module. This provides falsified processor information for "lowest common denominator" compatibility. 
This is no good.
This will work just fine on a Pentium
/proc/cpuinfo.
The /proc/cpuinfo file is patched by using a bindmount to overlay a file containing falsified CPU related information:

</doc>
<doc id="20340948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340948" title="Cheonan Hyundai Capital Skywalkers">
Cheonan Hyundai Capital Skywalkers

Cheonan Hyundai Capital Skywalkers is a Korean professional volleyball team founded in 1983 and changed as a professional in 2005. They are based in Cheonan and are members of the Korea Volleyball Federation(KOVO). Their home stadium is Yu Gwan-Sun Gymnasium in Cheonan. Sean Rooney of United States men's national volleyball team, who had got the gold medal at Beijing Olympic 2008, once was a member of this team for two years. They have won the Championship twice 2006 season and 2007 season.
History.
In 1983, They are established as Hyundai Motor Service Men's Volleyball Team. They had won the winter league before the professional series 2005 five times and tens of another amateur leagues.
In 2002, They are refounded as Hyundai Capital Men's Volleyball team. but they had to stay the second place because Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance Volleyball team row over so that had won the winter league for straight nine years. But after foundation of the professional league, they could win the series in 2005. And finally, Sean Rooney joined them, and contributed for their champ in 2006 and 2007.
In 2008, they signed former Penn State player Matt Anderson and made him one of the first players to forgo his senior year in the NCAA to go pro.

</doc>
<doc id="20340956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340956" title="Seppo Mikkola">
Seppo Mikkola

Seppo Mikkola (1946) is a Finnish astronomer. He is a senior lecturer at the University of Turku and staff member at Tuorla Observatory.
Mikkola is a leading expert in celestial mechanics. He has made fundamental contributions to the theory of regularization of motion in the gravitational N-body problem.

</doc>
<doc id="20340962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340962" title="Richard Leon">
Richard Leon

Richard Leon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20340982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20340982" title="Graham Savage">
Graham Savage

Sir (Edward) Graham Savage CB (born 31 August 1886, Erpingham - 18 May 1981, Highgate, Islington) was an English civil servant who largely invented the concept of comprehensive schools and originated the phrase.
Early life.
He was the son of Edward Graham Savage and Mary Matilda Dewey, teachers at the Upper Sheringham elementary (primary) school. He was the eldest in the family and had two brothers and two sisters. He attended Upper Sheringham School, King Edward VI Middle School, Norwich (merged with the Presbyterian School to become the City of Norwich School) and Downing College, Cambridge. He gained first in Part 1 of the Natural Science Tripos in 1905 and in Part 2 of the Historical Tripos in 1906.
Career.
He became a schoolteacher and later an educational administrator. He became an education officer for London County Council.
He was a tutor at Bede College, Durham then Assistant Master at St. Andrews College, Toronto and Tewfikieh School, Cairo. He became a lecturer at Khedivial Training College, Egypt. From 1914-9 he served in the Royal West Kent Regiment in Gallipoli, becoming a Captain then a Major. He was injured at Ypres. After the war he was Assistant Master at Eton College.
He became a District Inspector for the Board of Education from 1919-27, then
Chief Inspector of Technical Schools and Colleges in 1932. He was a Senior Chief Inspector from 1933-40, then Education Officer to the LCC from 1940-51. This was during The Blitz. Labour had controlled London County Council since 1934.
Comprehensive schools.
From 1925-6 he visited America specifically the states of New York and Ohio, and was impressed by the "democratic" nature of the high schools in terms of social diversity, although overall academic performance of such schools was less well-researched; it was of secondary interest. He noted that the system did not account for the different needs of the school population, but he nonetheless liked the general nature of the schools. The Labour Party had been a champion of grammar schools in the 1940s, but by the 1950s had begun to look at Graham Savage's ideas instead which had been implemented partly in London.
In 1947 he introduced the London School Plan of comprehensive schools, wholly driven by the wishes of the incumbent Labour council. Although largely responsible for their first introduction, he was a man with his feet on the ground and had some misgivings about the comprehensive system; he hoped these could be alleviated, specifically that although at the same school, pupils would study different courses in keeping with their abilities. In this his ideas were more for bi-lateral schools than comprehensives. He explicitly did not want all pupils of differing abilities studying the same courses. To achieve this, schools would have to be very large - up to 400 in each year. In many comprehensive schools this is simply not possible.
He was knighted in 1947. He thought highly of direct grant grammar schools, saying in 1965 that they were "the scaffolding on which a good state system of secondary education is slowly being built". Most of London's fifty five state grammar schools would stay until the 1970s. He retired in 1951.
Outcome of his work.
In later life he came to realise that the overall lowering of educational standards of comprehensive schools was more than the marginal amount he had predicted in 1928. 
Personal life.
He married May Thwaites, from Southchurch in Essex, in 1911 in Rochford. They had two sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20341000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341000" title="Pinault's law">
Pinault's law

Pinault's law is a Proto-Indo-European (PIE) phonological rule named after the French Indo-Europeanist Georges-Jean Pinault who discovered it.
According to this rule, PIE laryngeals disappear before . Compare:

</doc>
<doc id="20341010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341010" title="Rautahat">
Rautahat

Rautahat is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2252 people living in 468 individual households.
It is the birthplace of Amit Chandra Mallik.

</doc>
<doc id="20341017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341017" title="Rayapur, Sagarmatha">
Rayapur, Sagarmatha

Rayapur is a Village Development Committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9573.

</doc>
<doc id="20341025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341025" title="Rupnagar, Nepal">
Rupnagar, Nepal

Rupnagar is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4337 people living in 796 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20341033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341033" title="Sambhunath">
Sambhunath

Sambhunath is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5167 people living in 933 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20341040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341040" title="Sankarpura">
Sankarpura

Sankarpura is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3881 people living in 816 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20341043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341043" title="Democratic Party of Guinea – African Democratic Rally">
Democratic Party of Guinea – African Democratic Rally

The Democratic Party of Guinea-African Democratic Rally ("Parti Démocratique de Guinée-Rassemblement Démocratique Africain") is a political party in Guinea. The party was founded as a branch of the African Democratic Rally (RDA) in June 1947. On 19 October 1958 the party severed its links with the RDA, other members of which supported a closer union with France. The party's leader, Sékou Touré, became the country's first president. Two years later, he declared the PDG to be the sole legal party in the country. As president of the PDG, Touré was the only candidate for president of the republic, and as such was elected unopposed to four seven-year terms. Every five years, a single list of PDG candidates was returned to the National Assembly. After the fall of the Touré regime in 1984, the PDG was dissolved.
In 1992 PDG-RDA was revived under the leadership of El Hadj Ismael Mohamed Gassim Gushein. In the parliamentary election held on 30 June 2002, the party won 3.4% of the popular vote and 3 out of 114 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20341046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341046" title="Saraswor">
Saraswor

Saraswor is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3855 people living in 669 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20341049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341049" title="Kaaren Verne">
Kaaren Verne

Kaaren Verne (6 April 1918 – 23 December 1967), was a German-born actress. Sometimes billed as Karen Verne, she was originally a stage actress and member of the Berlin State Theatre.
Life and career.
Verne was born in Berlin and christened Ingeborg Greta Katerina Marie-Rose Klinckerfuss, She fled the Nazis in 1938 and made her English language film debut in the 1939 British film "Ten Days in Paris". The following year she settled in Hollywood. At first, the studios tried to downplay her German heritage by briefly changing her professional name to "Catherine Young", but after America's entry into World War II, the publicity value of a Teutonic actress who had turned her back on Nazism was too good to avoid. 
Verne was married three times, to:
Verne and James Powers adopted Peter Lorre's daughter Catharine following his death in 1964.
Verne remained in films until her death, appearing in such films as "Ship of Fools" (1965) and "Torn Curtain" (1966). She died at age 49 and was buried in Calvary Cemetery, St Paul, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="20341053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341053" title="Side street (disambiguation)">
Side street (disambiguation)

A side street is a street that intersects a main street and ends there.
Side Street may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20341054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341054" title="Simraha Sigiyoun">
Simraha Sigiyoun

Simraha Sigiyoun is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4487.

</doc>
<doc id="20341061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341061" title="Siswa Beihi">
Siswa Beihi

Siswa Beihi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4707 people living in 1061 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20341067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341067" title="Sitapur, Sagarmatha">
Sitapur, Sagarmatha

Sitapur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3315 people living in 620 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20341089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341089" title="Tarahi">
Tarahi

Tarahi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3211 people living in 630 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20341097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341097" title="Richard Saunders (photographer)">
Richard Saunders (photographer)

Richard Saunders (1922–1987) was a photographer during the 20th century noted for his photojournalism work with Roy Stryker as well as top publications such as "Ladies Home Journal, Fortune, Ebony and Look", among others.
Early life.
Richard Clive Saunders was born in 1922 in Hamilton, Bermuda. His interest in photography began at a young age. In 1930, at age eight, his family moved to the United States.
At the outbreak of World War II, the family returned to Bermuda where Saunders worked as a photographer with the police department. During the 1940s, Saunders returned to the United States and began photography training at Brooklyn College and the New School for Social Research in New York City. He became friends with photographer and artist Gordon Parks, and acquired a job as a photographic lab technician, which enabled him to study and learn the techniques of the top photojournalists at Life magazine.
Career.
In the early 1950s, Saunders was invited by Roy Stryker to join his team of top photojournalists in Pittsburgh to document the city's transition from a smoky milltown to a modern city. Saunders spent nearly two years there, living in the Hill District, where he "became part of the environment" and took four to five thousand photographs of the community. Many of his photos from this period are now part of the collection of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh.
During the 1950s, Saunders went on assignments for top publications such as Ladies Home Journal, Fortune, Ebony and Look, among others. He also travelled to Latin America to document the Alliance for Progress, an economic development program sponsored by the U.S. government.
In 1967, Saunders joined the staff of "Topic", a magazine of the United States Information Agency (USIA), published quarterly in English and French in sub-Saharan Africa. Based in Tunis, he travelled throughout Africa photographing events, leaders and ordinary people. In 1972 he was transferred to Topic's Washington, D.C. office. Saunders continued to travel and photograph in Africa until his retirement in 1986.
In addition to his magazine work, Saunders exhibited his work in group and one-person shows. He was also affiliated with Black Star Publishing Company.
Some of the noted personalities he photographed include Henry Kissinger, Malcolm X, Elijah Muhammed, James Baldwin, Leonard Bernstein, James Brown and Adam Clayton Powell Jr., among many others.
Many of his photos are now part of Bermuda National Gallery Collection.
Richard Saunders died on August 20, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20341099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341099" title="The Away Team (group)">
The Away Team (group)

The Away Team is a hip hop duo consisting of MC Sean Boog and producer Khrysis, both of whom are members of the North Carolina rap collective the Justus League.
History.
Boog and Khrysis were introduced to each other in 2001 by Little Brother's 9th Wonder, and became members of the Justus League collective as well as working together as The Away team. Boog had previously contributed to The Foreign Exchange’s debut album, "Connected" and the Justus League’s mixtape "NC State Of Mind", while Khrysis had undertaken production work for Jean Grae, Big Pooh, and Masta Ace. Their debut album, "The National Anthem", was released in May 2005 on 6 Hole Records, and featured guest appearances from Joe Scudda, Chaundon, Smif-n-Wessun, and Little Brother's Big Pooh and Phonte. It was described by "ALARM" magazine as "a combination of consistent rhymes and better than stellar production". Second album "Training Day" was released in 2007 on the Hall of Justus label, featuring contributions from unofficial third member Nervous Reck, Evidence (of Dilated Peoples), Sean Price, Black Milk, Supastition and Darien Brockington. The duo also contributed two tracks to the Hall of Justus album "Soldiers of Fortune".

</doc>
<doc id="20341110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341110" title="Terahota">
Terahota

Terahota is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3842 people living in 689 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20341116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341116" title="Theliya">
Theliya

Theliya is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4680 people living in 848 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20341122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341122" title="Baćina lakes">
Baćina lakes

The Baćina lakes () are located in Dalmatia, Croatia. They are named after the inland town of Baćina close to the port city of Ploče. The lakes are part of a picturesque landscape and surrounded by mountains. They are situated between Makarska and Dubrovnik. It is a crypto-depression lake, with its bottom below the surface of the sea.
Description.
Despite its proximity to the sea and the permeable nature of the karst area, they are fresh water lakes. The seven lakes cover an area of 138 hectares and they are named Oćuša, Crniševo, Podgora, Sladinac, Vrbnik, Šipak and Plitko. Six of these lakes are linked. The largest lake is Oćuša and the deepest is the Crniševo (34 m). The lakes are connected with the sea and at times the water can be brackish, also the surface of the lakes lies 80 cm above sea level. Salty water is found at the bottom of the deepest lake Crnisevo.
Lake Vrgorac () located to the north of the Baćina lakes drains into the Adriatic Sea through them.
At the turn of the century the Austro-Hungarian government built a tunnel to the sea. This led to the lowering of the lake level which has brought about biological changes. The tunnel currently runs underneath the Adriatic Highway. 
In recent times the lake has become a well-known hunting ground for grey mullet (Mugil saliens).

</doc>
<doc id="20341153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341153" title="Pierre Ngolo">
Pierre Ngolo

Pierre Ngolo (born 27 June 1954) is a Congolese politician who has been Secretary-General of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT) since August 2011. He was First Secretary of the National Assembly of Congo-Brazzaville from 2002 to 2012.
Political career.
Ngolo was born at Etoro, located in the Gamboma District of Plateaux Region. He was included as one of the 75 members of the National Transitional Council (CNT), which served as a transitional legislature from 1998 to 2002, and he was designated as First Secretary of the CNT. In the May–June 2002 parliamentary election, he was elected to the National Assembly as the PCT candidate in Ongogni constituency, winning the seat in the first round with 99.69% of the vote. After the election, he was chosen as First Secretary of the National Assembly on 10 August 2002. At the African Parliamentary Union's 27th conference, held in Algiers from 27 November to 2 December 2004, Ngolo was Deputy President of the APU/Congo National Group, and he was elected by the conference delegates as Rapporteur of the APU's Executive Bureau.
In the 2007 parliamentary election, Jean-Claude Gakosso replaced Ngolo as the PCT candidate in Ongogni; although there were rumors of rivalry between the two, Gakosso and Ngollo appeared together when Gakosso announced his candidacy, and Ngolo instead stood as the PCT candidate in the Ouenzé I constituency of Brazzaville. Ngolo won the Ouenzé I seat in the first round with 54.30% of the vote, and he was subsequently re-elected as First Secretary of the National Assembly on 4 September 2007, receiving 122 votes from the 129 deputies who voted. He was additionally assigned responsibility for the National Assembly's relations with the African Parliamentary Union. 
In light of the fact that Congolese President Denis Sassou Nguesso had been designated as President of the Economic and Monetary Community of Central African States (CEMAC), Ngolo was correspondingly elected as President of the CEMAC Inter-Parliamentary Commission at a session held in Malabo on 17–19 February 2010.
In early 2011, Ngolo was designated as First Rapporteur of the Preparatory Committee for the PCT's Sixth Extraordinary Congress. At the Sixth Extraordinary Congress, held in Brazzaville in July 2011, Ngolo was elected as Secretary-General of the PCT. His election as Secretary-General was considered surprising. It had been widely expected that the post would go to a more prominent figure, but Sassou Nguesso chose Ngolo, reportedly viewing him as a skilled organizer and as relatively uncontroversial. He was reportedly viewed as a "man of compromise": "an open conservative, anxious to preserve the identity of the party, while understanding the need for change".
A month after his election, Ngolo officially took office as PCT Secretary-General on 25 August 2011, succeeding Interim Secretary-General Isidore Mvouba.
Ngolo's constituency, the first constituency of Ouenzé, was among those areas of Brazzaville affected by the March 2012 explosions at a munitions dump, which killed hundreds of people. As a consequence, voting was not held in his constituency, as well as two other constituencies, at the time of the July–August 2012 parliamentary election. On 17 August 2012, the parliamentary terms of Ngolo and the other two deputies were extended by the Constitutional Court until such time as voting could be held. The ruling was in line with a constitutional provision allowing for such extensions when voting could not be properly held due to "exceptionally serious circumstances".
When the deputies met to elect the National Assembly's bureau for its new parliamentary term on 5 September 2012, Ngolo was not re-elected to his post as First Secretary of the National Assembly. He was officially succeeded by Gabriel Valère Eteka Yemet, who had been elected to replace him, at a handover ceremony on 11 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20341220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341220" title="Idol series in the Philippines">
Idol series in the Philippines

The Philippines has had two adaptations of the singing competition "Pop Idol" under two different titles and on two different networks: 

</doc>
<doc id="20341227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341227" title="Wahleach Lake">
Wahleach Lake

Wahleach Lake, commonly known as Jones Lake, is a lake and reservoir located in the Skagit Range in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia, Canada, east of the city of Chilliwack and southwest of the town of Hope.
The lake, which was a resting place for people on their way to summer hunting grounds, was expanded by an earthfill dam and is now 6.4 km long and 1 km wide. At over 600 m above the level of the Fraser River, nearly all of its volume is diverted through the side of a flank of Mount Cheam, part of the Four Brothers Range, to the Wahleach Powerhouse which stands aside the Trans-Canada Highway east of Bridal Falls. When the Wahleach development was completed in 1952 it produced 14% of the power for the BC Electric Company, a predecessor to BC Hydro and a subsidiary of the British Columbia Electric Railway Company. As of 2008, it produces less than 1% of BC Hydro's generating capacity but is ranked as one of the company's most efficient operations. In addition to a private-run recreational cabin operation, there are three campgrounds operated by BC Hydro as part of its recreation areas program, with approximately 60 campsites in three different campgrounds.
Name.
The name Jones Lake first appeared on a map in 1904 and is the main name used locally, as well as appearing on the highway signs for the Jones Lake Forest Service Road, which is the only access. The dual naming also applies to Wahleach Creek, which is also known as Jones Creek. 
The name Wahleach, which also occurs as the name of an island and associated Indian Reserve on the other side of the Fraser, and as Waleach as a railway point on the CPR on Sea Bird Island, is that of a Sto:lo resident from Union Bar, near Hope, whose anglicized and baptized name was Camille Walecia but whose name in Halq'eméylem is spelled "Xwelích", meaning "crossing a neck of land between two bodies of water" portage.

</doc>
<doc id="20341236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341236" title="Tampere Open">
Tampere Open

The Tampere Open is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually at the Tampere Tennis Center in Tampere, Finland, since 1982. There has been a women's future tournament for the last couple of years held at the same venue.

</doc>
<doc id="20341255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341255" title="TeleExpo">
TeleExpo

Teleexpo () was one of the first commercial television channels in Russia. It was founded by the government of Moscow and by the commercial house Mosexpo. It began broadcasting on September 1, 1993 on Channel 33 on the UHF band.
History.
Initially much of the material broadcast was a duplication of that sent out on Petersburg - Channel 5. The station was broadcast in Moscow on Channel 5, and blocked the reception of Petersburg Channel 5 in the Moscow area. The time of broadcasting was initially from 00:30 to 12:30 daily.
The broadcasting of this channel ceased in October 2001 for commercial and political reasons. Channel 33 UHC and Channel 5 now broadcast Euronews.
Programs.
Originally, it focused on music and entertainment. In the first year of broadcasting, it broadcast the programs "Alive" and "A-Erotic", and sood added more television series, predominantly those produced in Mexico. In May 1996 the channel began to show artistic films and television concerts. At the same time, TeleExpo began to be listed in all television guides. By 1998 it increasingly began to focus on music, and by that summer was broadcasting musical programming almost exclusively. On September 26, 1998, Teleexpo began to transmit MTV Russia in the morning and at night. 

</doc>
<doc id="20341259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341259" title="UCPA">
UCPA

UCPA () is a non-profit French organization that makes outdoor sports holidays available for people of ages 7–39. Formed in 1965, it is a union of government bodies, sports federations and youth associations. About 250,000 people travel with UCPA annually.
UCPA has three areas of operation:
UCPA is mainly located in France, but is also present in some fifty countries around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20341270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341270" title="Cutie Honey Seed">
Cutie Honey Seed

In this series, Yuta, who is a fan of "Cutie Honey", suddenly finds a beautiful alien girl. He names her Honey Kisaragi. Like the protagonist of the same name from previous "Cutie Honey" works, she has the ability to transform.
Plot.
Yuuta is a "big" fan of Cutey Honey. He likes her so much, he is unable to tell his next door neighbour, Midori, he loves her. He is also unaware that she is in love with him. 
One day, an alien crashes nearby and Yuuta is on the scene. Upon seeing the alien resembles a human female, he gives her the name Kisaragi Honey, just like his favorite heroine. Initially, he tries to hide Honey's existence, but when that fails, he lies about her, pretending she is his cousin.
Honey is a typical alien: naive, innocent and impressionable in every way. Like all members of her species, she develops any power necessary to protect herself and others. After she watches most of Yuuta's Cutey Honey collection, she develops "super powers" just like the "real" Cutey Honey's, in order to save herself, Yuuta and his loved ones - even going so far as to shout "Honey Flash!"

</doc>
<doc id="20341284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341284" title="Olivella biplicata">
Olivella biplicata

Olivella biplicata, common names the "purple dwarf olive" "purple olive shell" or "purple olivella" is a species of small predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Olivellidae, the dwarf olives.
Distribution.
"Olivella biplicata" snails are found in the Eastern Pacific Ocean coasts from British Columbia, Canada to Baja California, Mexico.
Habitat.
This species is common on sandy substrates intertidally and subtidally, in bays and the outer coast.
Life habits.
These snails are carnivorous or omnivorous sand-burrowers.
Shell description.
This shell of this species is quite solid, and large for an "Olivella", with adult shells ranging from 20 mm to 27 mm in length, about one inch. The shell is smooth, shiny, and is an elongated oval in shape. The shell is often a some shade of greyish purple, but it can also be whitish, tan, or dark brown. On the darker color forms there is often some rich yellow above the suture on the spire.
At the anterior end of the long narrow aperture there is a siphonal notch, from which the siphon of the living animal protrudes.
Human use.
Native people of central and southern California used the shell of this species to make decorative beads for at least the last 9,000 years. Such beads have been discovered in archaeological contexts as far inland as Idaho and Arizona. Within the past 1,000 years these beads began to be manufactured in large quantities on southern California's Santa Barbara Channel Islands, indicating that they were used for shell money. The historic Chumash people called them "anchum".

</doc>
<doc id="20341296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341296" title="Vatalanib">
Vatalanib

Vatalanib (INN, codenamed PTK787 or PTK/ZK) is a small molecule protein kinase inhibitor that inhibits angiogenesis. It is being studied as a possible treatment for several types of cancer, particularly cancer that is at an advanced stage or has not responded to chemotherapy. Vatalanib is orally active, that is, it is effective when taken by mouth.
Vatalanib is being developed by Bayer Schering and Novartis. It inhibits all known VEGF receptors, as well as platelet-derived growth factor receptor-beta and c-kit, but is most selective for VEGFR-2.
Development.
Vatalanib was discovered through high-throughput screening. It has been extensively investigated in Phase I, II and III clinical trials. Two large, randomized controlled Phase III trials have studied the effect of adding vatalanib to the FOLFOX chemotherapy regimen in people with metastatic colorectal cancer: CONFIRM-1, whose participants had not yet received any treatment for their cancer; and CONFIRM-2, in which participants had received first-line treatment with irinotecan and fluoropyrimidines. Vatalanib produced no significant improvement in overall survival (the primary endpoint of the studies), although it did significantly increase progression-free survival in CONFIRM-2. Both trials found that progression-free survival was improved in people with high levels of lactate dehydrogenase, an enzyme used as a marker of tissue breakdown; the reasons for and implications of this difference are still unclear.
Adverse effects.
The adverse effects of vatalanib appear similar to those of other VEGF inhibitors. In the CONFIRM trials, the most common side effects were high blood pressure, gastrointestinal upset (diarrhea, nausea, and vomiting), fatigue, and dizziness.

</doc>
<doc id="20341299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341299" title="Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003">
Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003

Spain participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003 with an entry selected through the second series of the reality-show Operación Triunfo, hosted from Barcelona by Carlos Lozano. Beth with the song "Dime", composed by Jesús María Pérez and Amaya Martínez, was chosen through televoting by the Spanish public. At Eurovision, Beth placed 8th with 81 points.
Operación Triunfo (second series).
After the regular final of Operación Triunfo (where Ainhoa Cantalapiedra was declared the overall winner), the top 3 contestants - Ainhoa herself, Manuel Carrasco, and Beth - qualified for the Eurovision phase of the contest, which consisted of a semi-final and a final. Three songs were assigned to each contestant among those submitted to national broadcaster TVE, making a total of nine songs. In the semi-final, a jury eliminated one of the songs assigned to each artist, and then a finalist song was chosen for each contestant through televoting. The three songs that participated in the final were "Mi razón de vivir" by Ainhoa, "Viviré, moriré" by Manuel Carrasco, and "Dime" by Beth.
Result of national final.
At the close of voting, Beth with "Dime" received the largest percentage of the vote and was proclaimed the winner.
At Eurovision.
At Eurovision, Beth performed 12th. At the close of the voting she had received 81 points, placing 8th of 26.

</doc>
<doc id="20341315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341315" title="Idol (Croatia)">
Idol (Croatia)

Croatia has had two adaptations of the singing competition Pop Idol under two different titles and on two different networks: 

</doc>
<doc id="20341327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341327" title="Swineshaw Reservoir (Derbyshire)">
Swineshaw Reservoir (Derbyshire)

"For the reservoirs near Stalybridge, in Tameside, Greater Manchester known as Higher Swineshaw Reservoir and Lower Swineshaw Reservoir see Reservoirs in Greater Manchester"
Swineshaw Reservoir is a reservoir near Glossop, north Derbyshire. In 1837, 50 local millowners and gentlemen, known as the "Glossop Commissioners", obtained an Act of Parliament to construct the Glossop Reservoirs. Hurst Reservoir was on the Hurst Brook and Mossy Lea Reservoir was to take water from the Shelf Brook. Only the Hurst reservoir was constructed before the money ran out. Mossy Lea Reservoir was constructed privately by the Duke of Norfolk. Swineshaw, on Swineshaw Clough, was adopted in 1864 by the Glossop Water Company to provide drinking water for Glossop. It was taken over in 1929 by the Glossop Corporation Waterworks. This became part of the Manchester Corporation Waterworks in 1959. Swineshaw, Hurst Reservoir and Mossy Lea Reservoir are no longer in service.

</doc>
<doc id="20341338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341338" title="Cooper T43">
Cooper T43

The Cooper T43 was a Formula One and Formula Two racing car designed and built by Cooper Car Company for the 1957 Formula One season, first appearing at the 1957 Monaco Grand Prix in a works car for Jack Brabham. The T43 earned a significant place in motor racing history when Stirling Moss drove a Rob Walker Racing Team T43 to win the 1958 Argentine Grand Prix, the first World Drivers' Championship win for a mid-engined car. Despite this achievement, the car was superseded almost immediately by the T45. The T43's last appearance in a World Championship event was the 1960 Italian Grand Prix.
See also.
The first true Formula One Coopers

</doc>
<doc id="20341359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341359" title="Parodia leninghausii">
Parodia leninghausii

Parodia leninghausii is a species of South American cactus commonly found as a houseplant. Common names include Lemon Ball, Golden Ball and Yellow Tower cactus.
Botanist Karl Moritz Schumann named it after Wilhelm Lenninghaus (1845-1918), a native of North Rhine-Westphalia who, in the 1880s, left his hometown of Ennepetal and emigrated to Porto Alegre, Brazil, where he became Guillermo Lenninghaus, and collected cacti for the German grower Haage. 
"P. leninghausii" is native to the Rio Grande do Sul province in the south of Brazil. In those regions, winter nights are cold, with a light freeze. This cacti survive in these conditions because they are quite dry at that time.
"P. leninghausii" shows cactus species nomadism; it was successively included in genus "Pilocereus" K. Schumann 1895, "Malacocarpus" (K.Schumann) Britton & Rose 1922, "Notocactus" (K.Schumann) A.Berger 1929, "Eriocactus" (K.Schumann) Backeberg 1942, and finally ended up in "Parodia" (K. Schumann) F.H.Brandt 1982.
Description.
Species is appreciated because of the long harmless golden spines. The young plants are globular, then columnar up to 1m tall, 12 cm diameter and about 30 ribs. Old plants cluster from the base. Flowers are yellow, 5 cm diameter, at the top of the plants, but only if adult (at least 20 cm tall)
Sometimes, they present monstruous forms. There is a cultivar "albispina" with white spines.
Cultivation.
As most of the cactus, they need well drained soil, sunny exposure, regularly watering in summer and not at all in winter. In temperate climate, keep them outside in summer. In the wild and in winter, plant accepts frost at -4°C if totally dry. In cultivation, it is preferable to keep cold temperature, but more than +2°C.

</doc>
<doc id="20341381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341381" title="Tetradonematidae">
Tetradonematidae

Tetradonematidae is a family of nematodes, most being endoparasites of arthropods. A species discovered in 2008 was found to alter the morphology of its ant host, apparently so as to make the ant resemble fruits leading to their predation by birds. The ants forage on bird droppings and are infected by the nematodes. Some species infect the invasive ant "Solenopsis invicta" making them of interest in applied biological control.

</doc>
<doc id="20341392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341392" title="Switzerland–Turkey relations">
Switzerland–Turkey relations

Swiss–Turkish relations are foreign relations between Switzerland and Turkey. Switzerland has an embassy in Ankara and a consulate-general in Istanbul. Turkey has an embassy in Bern and 2 consulates-general in Zürich and Geneva. Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe, the OECD, the OSCE and the WTO.

</doc>
<doc id="20341402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341402" title="102nd Grey Cup">
102nd Grey Cup

The 102nd Grey Cup for Canadian football will be played to decide the champion for the 2014 CFL season. It will be played on November 30, 2014 at BC Place in Vancouver, British Columbia. 
Host city.
On November 21, 2008, Sun Media reported that the 2014 Grey Cup would be played in Ottawa. The agreement was conditional on Ottawa having a CFL franchise. TSN was able to confirm the rumour through CFL officials. The last time Ottawa hosted the Grey Cup was the 92nd Grey Cup in 2004. That game was won by the Toronto Argonauts 27-19 over the BC Lions.
However, lawsuits and delays over the renovation of Frank Clair Stadium pushed back the date of completion to June 2014, meaning that the Ottawa RedBlacks would not begin play until that year. Ottawa Sports and Entertainment spokesman Jeff Hunt stated that due to delays and the desire to host the championship game three to four years after establishing a team, Ottawa would not be hosting the 102nd Grey Cup. CFL commissioner Mark Cohon confirmed on June 4, 2012 that Ottawa would not be hosting the 2014 Grey Cup game due to delays in the construction of the stadium.
On, March 8, 2013, it was announced at a news conference that BC Place in Vancouver, BC, will play host to the 102nd Grey Cup. It will be the 16th Grey Cup to be held in Vancouver (and 8th at BC Place Stadium), the most recent being the 99th Grey Cup in 2011, when the hometown BC Lions defeated the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.

</doc>
<doc id="20341405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341405" title="Fyodor Chernozubov">
Fyodor Chernozubov

Fyodor Grigoryevich Chernozubov (14 September 1863 – 14 November 1919; sometimes seen as Theodore G. Chernozubov) was a Russian Imperial Army officer who became lieutenant general on 20 February 1915. He was trained at Pazheskom corps and later Imperial General Staff Academy in 1889. 
He become Chief of Staff of the 1st Caucasus Kazak division from 17 April 1901 to 10 December 1902 at the Russian Caucasus Army. He was assigned Chief troops Caucasia in 10 December 1902. Between 30 July 1902 to 1 June 1906, he was the head of the cavalry training of Persian Cossack Brigade. He was appointed Chief of Staff troop Terskogo Kazak troops on 26 November 1908. He published several articles on military intelligence. 
On 1 April 1915 he was assigned to chief of the 4th Caucasian Cossacks Division at Persian Campaign. From 4 July 1916 he was Commander II Caucasus CAW and showed himself as a talented commander. After the February Revolution he was removed from office during the cleansing of higher komsostava.

</doc>
<doc id="20341431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341431" title="Myanmar Railways">
Myanmar Railways

Myanmar Railways (MR) (, ; also spelled Myanma Railways; formerly Burma Railways) is the state-owned agency that operates the railway network in Myanmar. The metre gauge rail network consists of 858 stations, and generally spans north to south with branch lines to east and west. MR also operates the Yangon Circular Railway line, Yangon's commuter rail network. MR operates 18 freight trains, and 379 passenger trains, transporting over 100,000 passengers daily.
The quality of the railroads is generally poor. Most remain in poor repair and are not passable during the monsoon season. The speeds of freight trains are heavily restricted on all existing links as a consequence of poor track and bridge conditions. The maximum speed for freight trains has been quoted as , suggesting that commercial speeds on this section could be as low as .
MR has steadily increased the reach of its network in the last two decades, from nearly 3200 km in 1988 to 5403 km in 2010. MR is currently undertaking an ambitious expansion program that will add another to its network, including extensions to Myeik in the south, Kyaingtong in the east, Sittwe in the west. Also, conversion from metre gauge to standard gauge is proposed.
History.
Rail transport was first introduced in Myanmar in May 1877 when Lower Burma was a British colony with the opening of the Yangon to Pyay line by "The Irrawaddy Valley State Railway". In 1884, a new company, "The Sittang Valley State Railway", opened a line along the Sittaung River from Yangon to the town of Taungoo via Bago. After the annexation of Upper Burma following the Third Anglo-Burmese War of 1885, the British extended the Taungoo line to Mandalay, the fallen capital, by 1889. Following the opening of this section, the Mu Valley State Railway was formed and construction began on a railway line from Sagaing to Myitkyina and connected Mandalay to Shwebo in 1891, to Wuntho in 1893, to Katha in 1895, and to Myitkyina in 1898.
In 1896, before the completion of the line to Myitkyina, the three companies were combined into the Burma Railway Company as a state owned public undertaking. The railway was known as Burma Railways between 1928 and 1989. The railway's reach to the Taninthayi coast first came in 1907 with the opening of the Bago-Mottama line. Passengers had to take a ferry over the Thanlwin River (Salween River) to Mawlamyaing. In 1942, the country had (route-km) of metre gauge track, but during World War II the Japanese removed about . By the end of the conflict only (route-km) was operational, in four isolated sections. They constructed the only international link the country has enjoyed, from Thanbyusayat Junction via Three Pagodas Pass to Thailand, the short-lived Death Railway.
After Myanmar gained independence from the UK in 1948, the rail network was rebuilt. By 1961 the network extended to , and then remained constant until the opening of a line from Kyaukpadaung to Kyini in October 1970. In 1988, MR operated 487 railway stations over a long network. Since coming to power in 1988, the current military government has embarked on a railroad construction program, and by 2000 MR operated (track-km) divided into 11 operating divisions. Most of the routes are single track although large parts of Yangon-Pyay and Yangon-Mandalay routes are double track.
Recent railroad expansion.
1994 saw the start of construction of the initially isolated Ye-Dawei (Tavoy) railway, completed March 1998. This was later joined to the route north at Ye by the new road/rail bridge across the Ye River, opened November 2003. In April 2008, the tracks were extended across the Thanlwin Bridge, a road/rail bridge located in Moulmein, provision having been made in its design when it was opened a few years earlier. This allowed the long isolated section south to Ye and later Dawei (Tavoy) to receive trains from the north of the country. Also in 2008/9, the Ayeyawady Valley route was extended north along the west bank of the river towards Pakokku in the far north of the country. The Kyangin-Okshippin (Padang) section of Kyangin-Thayet railway was opened in March 2008 and the Okshippin-Kamma railway section was opened in March 2009.
In 2009, planning started on a link from Lashio to Jiegao in China. This links would have a - dual gauge. (International link to be standard gauge)
In 2010, MR is working on multiple railroad construction projects: Motagyi-Bhamo (), Mongnai-Kyaingtong (), Minbu-An-Yechanpyin (), Dawei-Myeik (), Pathein-Nyaungdon-Yangon Hlaingthaya (), Pyay-Taungoo-Naypyidaw (), Hinthada-Nyaungdon (), Thayet-Kyunchaung (), Ywataw-Kanpya ().
Also, to convert entire MR network from metre gauge to standard gauge is proposed.
Rail network and services.
MR operates 858 stations throughout the country. Yangon Central and Mandalay Central have been the twin anchors of the network. Recently, MR has extended rail service along the Taninthayi coast to Mon State and Tanintharyi Region with Mawlamyaing Station as the southern hub. The network generally runs north to south with branches to east and west.
Yangon Circular Railway.
MR also operates a 39-station loop system that connects Yangon's downtown, satellite towns and suburban areas. The railway runs 200 times and sells 150,000 tickets daily. The loop, which takes about three hours to complete, is a way to see a cross section of life in Yangon for common people.
Fleet.
In early 2011, MR operated 389 locomotives and 4673 railway coaches. In 2006, China has donated 130 meter gauge carriages to Burma. In 2009, another 225 donated.
Locomotives.
In 1999 MR had 201 diesel locomotives, and a further 88 were on order. Up to 1987 the main suppliers were Alsthom, Krupp and various Japanese companies, but since then orders have been placed with China owing to Myanmar's lack of access to hard currency. In 2004, MR had approximately 40 oil-fired steam locomotives, of which about a dozen were serviceable and saw occasional use on goods, local passenger and tourist trains. Up to three heavy repairs are performed per year using locally-manufactured parts. Between 1988 and 2009, MR imported 96 diesel locomotives, 55 from China and 41 from India. In December 2009, MR had a total of 319 locomotives. In October 2010, MR acquired 30 more locomotives from China.
Coaches.
In 1999 MR had 868 coaches, with a further 463 on order. However many branch lines have only lightly built permanent way, and on these routes traffic is in the hands of a fleet of more than 50 light rail-buses built from lorry parts in MR's workshops. These are powered through their rubber-tired road wheels, and usually haul three small four-wheel coaches converted from goods wagons. Small turntables are used to turn the rail-buses at the termini.
Wagons.
There were 5187 freight wagons in 1999, with 1188 due to be delivered. The majority of goods trains on lines without significant gradients run without any train brakes, as most of the serviceable wagons have been cannibalized and now lack vacuum hoses. Goods trains up to 600 tonnes are braked by the locomotive only, and operate at a maximum speed of 32 km/h. If the train is particularly heavy the wagons at the front will be fitted with hoses for the duration of the trip. On the steeply-graded ghat sections all wagons will be braked.

</doc>
<doc id="20341462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341462" title="Tony Panhuyzen">
Tony Panhuyzen

Tony Panhuyzen is a retired Canadian association football player who earned 4 caps for the Canadian national side between 1987 and 1988. He played club football for the Ottawa Pioneers.

</doc>
<doc id="20341474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341474" title="Second Time Around">
Second Time Around

Second Time Around or The Second Time Around may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20341481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341481" title="L – A Mathemagical Adventure">
L – A Mathemagical Adventure

L – A Mathemagical Adventure is an educational adventure game that was created for the BBC/Acorn class of computers in 1984. It was written by members of the Association of Teachers of Mathematics and found its way into school computers, predominantly in the UK. The game is controlled by a contemporaneous two-word input system in the form of "<verb> <noun>", e.g. "get book", and includes several mathematical and logical puzzles. The target audience for L is mid-late primary (elementary) school children, and the puzzles are based on this level of critical thinking.
Introduction text.
"It is a very hot day. You are sitting on the grass outside a crumbling palace. Your sister is reading a book called "Fractions and the Four Rules - 5000 Carefully Graded Problems". You are bored and the heat is making you feel a little sleepy. Suddenly you see an old man dressed as an abbot. He glances at you nervously and disappears through a small door in the side of the palace."
Memorable characters/puzzles.
The recommended usage of L was for a class of students (or smaller groups) to attempt solving the various puzzles in the game in short pieces over the course of a semester, year or similarly protracted time and is hence somewhat difficult to remember.
Drogo Robot Guard - These appear somewhat randomly at different times during the game and attempt to capture the player. It is possible to evade capture (a small puzzle in itself), and avoid being taken to the attic.
Runia - It is possible to solve the game by completing most of the puzzles, but a full solution includes rescuing Runia, a princess who is imprisoned within the game.
Three Blind Mice - One of the puzzles is a musical puzzle, where you have to play the correct tune on a piano in order to obtain a special item.

</doc>
<doc id="20341496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341496" title="Gabrielė Martirosianaitė">
Gabrielė Martirosianaitė

Gabrielė Martirosianaitė is a beauty pageant contestant and a winner of Miss Lietuva 2008 title who represented Lithuania in Miss World 2008 in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20341511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341511" title="ShowTrax">
ShowTrax

ShowTrax is a type of accompaniment CD that can be used as an instrumental track for bands, choirs, or show choirs. ShowTrax is used to help directors with the rhythm, tone, pitch, and dynamics of songs as well as provide an instrumental backdrop when such instruments aren't available.
ShowTrax was created by the Hal Leonard Corporation and is now available for almost all of their songs. A piece that has ShowTrax accompaniment available for it will display one of the two logos at the right on its cover along with the item number. ShowTrax is available on over 1400 musical selections. Upon purchase, a CD is sent with a variety of "Trax" that correlate to the song. The usual order of songs on the ShowTrax CD's is:
In addition, some CDs include more "Trax" that start the song at a certain measure of the arrangement for both the full performance and the accompaniment. These "Trax" are generally only used for rehearsal purposes.
Some older ShowTrax cassettes have a spoken introduction. The introduction usually consists of a brief description about the song as well as an advertisement "plug" for an introduction about the song. Sometimes, it has a brief history or origin of the song. However at the end it will always say, "Here is SONG" and then the song will begin.
Here are three examples of a ShowTrax introduction:
"This Kirby Shaw classic captures all the special charm of the great holiday season and is good swingin' fun all the way. Here is 'Let it Snow, Let it Snow, Let it Snow.'"
"Don't miss this powerful Kirby Shaw classic rock arrangement of the eighties mega-hit...Flashdance...What a Feeling"
"Here's a bold, energetic, African style original by Kirby Shaw with Swahili and English Text. That's an exciting show opener, show choir number, or concert theme. Don't miss--Make a Joyful Noise!"
Alfred Publishing offers identical accompaniment CDs for it its choral arrangements which are called "SoundTrax CDs".

</doc>
<doc id="20341554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341554" title="Dalbergia cearensis">
Dalbergia cearensis

Dalbergia cearensis, a smallish tree native to the Brazilian states of Bahia, Ceará, Paraíba, Pernambuco, and Piauí, is the source of kingwood, a classic furniture wood. In Brazil, the tree is called "Jacaranda-cega-macho", "Jacaranda-violeta", "Miolo-de-negro", and "Pau-violeta".

</doc>
<doc id="20341557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341557" title="Suzana Al-Salkini">
Suzana Al-Salkini

Suzana Al-Salkini (born 1984 in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia) is a Macedonian beauty pageant titleholder. She won the right to represent her country in Miss World 2008 in Johannesburg, South Africa, on 13 December 2008, but due to financial issues and the lack of sponsorship, she was not allowed to travel to South Africa to compete for the crown. Instead, she was given the opportunity to compete in Miss World 2009, also in Johannesburg, South Africa on 12 December 2009.
She speaks six languages: Macedonian, English, Arabic, Serbian, Turkish, and French.

</doc>
<doc id="20341564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341564" title="Damian Dressick">
Damian Dressick

Damian Dressick (born 1968) is an American author from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was nominated in 2009 for the Pushcart Prize for short fiction. He is the winner of the Spire Press 2009 Prose Chapbook Contest for his collection "Fables of the Deconstruction". In 2007 he won the Harriette Arnow Award for short fiction. 
He earned an MFA in fiction writing from the University of Pittsburgh. His work has appeared in various literary journals like the "New Delta Review", "McSweeneys", "Alimentum" and "failbetter". He is the founding curator of Pittsburgh's Union Project's UPWords Reading series. He has taught creative writing at Robert Morris University and Pennsylvania State University. He currently teaches writing at Indiana University of Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20341567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341567" title="Pipariya, Bihar">
Pipariya, Bihar

Pipariya is a village in Bihar state, India, and is located near Bagaha city.

</doc>
<doc id="20341576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341576" title="List of ship launches in 1891">
List of ship launches in 1891

The list of ship launches in 1891 includes a chronological list of some ships launched in 1891.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20341579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341579" title="Nick Papadakis">
Nick Papadakis

Nick Papadakis (born in Greece) is a retired Greek Canadian association football player who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and earned four caps for the Canadian national side. He is the current CEO of the USL First Division.
Bio.
Papadakis attended Hartwick College where he is the all-time points leader He was a 1963 and 1966 Honorable Mention (third team) All American. In 1995, he was inducted into the Hartwick Hawks Hall of Fame. In 1968, he signed with the Atlanta Chiefs of the North American Soccer League. In 1973, new ownership renamed the team the Atlanta Apollos. He finished his professional career with the Tampa Bay Rowdies in 1975.
Papadakis earned four caps for the Canadian national side in 1968, scoring two goals.
In August 2009, NuRock Soccer Holdings, co-owned by Alex Papadakis and Rob Hoskins, purchased the USL First Division. The group installed Nick Papadakis as league Commercial Director.

</doc>
<doc id="20341583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341583" title="2009 SK Brann season">
2009 SK Brann season

The 2009 season was SK Brann's 101st season and their 23rd consecutive season in the Norwegian Premier League. Steinar Nilsen took over as head coach after the six-year tenure of Mons Ivar Mjelde. The club didn't see the big signings or sales in the January transferwindow. Local-lad Erlend Hanstveit left the club after 10 years, while thought-to-be star striker Njogu Demba-Nyrén was sold only one year after signing with the club following a season where his performance was below expectations.
The season started horrific for the "pride of Bergen". In the first premiership match of the season, Brann lost 1-3 against newly promoted Sandefjord, followed by two ties, a loss and another tie. Brann didn't win a game until the sixth round where they beat Bodø/Glimt 2-0 away.
The club's form improved as the season went by, but they were never a serious contender to the league title. After being knocked out in the Quarterfinals of the Norwegian Football Cup by Odd Grenland), the season seemed to end up as a total disappointment for the fans. One of the few highlights of the season was the performances of Erik Huseklepp who had his definite breakthrough as a player. In his first season as a striker, Huseklepp scored 15 goals in the league, only two goals shy of the top scorer Rade Prica. The technical striker had previousy played as a right winger, scoring 4 goals in 4 seasons for Brann. He also became a regular in the national team squad, scoring his first goal for Norway in the World Cup qualifier against Scotland on August 2, 2009.
Before the last games of season, Brann found themself in a situation where they had a legitimate chance to snatch the bronzemedals, but in the end they had to settle for a fifth place, which didn't qualify for a spot in the Europa League.
Information.
Manager: Steinar Nilsen
League: Norwegian Premier League
Shirt supplier: Kappa 
Shirt sponsor: Sparebanken Vest
Average league attendance: 15,932 (4th best in club history at the time) 
League result : 5th 
Norwegian Cup: Quarterfinals (1-5 against Odd Grenland)
Top goal scorer: Erik Huseklepp (15 in league, 0 in cup, 15 in total) 
Player of the year: -
Team kit.
The team kits for the 2009 season were produced by Kappa and the main shirt sponsor was Sparebanken Vest. Other sponsors featured on the kit were BKK (shoulders), JM Byggholt (chest), BA (left arm), Chess (upper back), Frydenbø (shorts) and Tide (socks). 
Results.
The table below shows the results of all of SK Brann's official matches during the 2009-season.
Statistics.
Appearances and goals.
"The table shows matches and goals in the Norwegian Premier League and Norwegian Cup, and was last updated after the game against Rosenborg BK on November 1, 2009
Top scorers.
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal.
Disciplinary record.
Includes all competitive matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20341598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341598" title="Mobile Stud Unit">
Mobile Stud Unit

Mobile Stud Unit (MSU) were a long-lived satirical punk band formed in Hamilton, New Zealand in 1993 by a group of students at the University of Waikato. They were renowned for their unpredictable on-stage antics and the offensive lyrical content of their songs.
While the band has had at least 10 members, outrageous frontman Rohan "Marxi" Marx has been the one constant.
Mobile Stud Unit were originators of self-described 'pus-rock' - a sound heavily influenced by early New Zealand punk bands such as those that featured on the AK79 compilation of late seventies Auckland punk bands, mixed with outwardly offensive "fart jokey" lyrics. Song titles include ""Stroke Victim"", ""Grut Sniffer"" and ""Wheel of Clitoris"".
The early years.
The Mobile Stud Unit was formed, by chance, when they entered a busking competition in 1993. The winners of the competition would go on to open for renown New Zealand band The Mutton Birds. Winning band the Romantic Andes were unable to perform the support gig, so it went to second-place-getters Mobile Stud Unit. This posed a problem for MSU - having only one song, they were then required to write enough material to last a whole set. According to folklore the band nearly jeopardised their first official gig when they decided to get drunk and start tackling Mutton Birds frontman Don McGlashan.
Stu's Pie Cart.
"Stu's Pie Cart", off MSU's 1997 CD "Blood Spew" is a lament on the closing of Stu's Rivercity Diner, a popular pie cart in Hamilton East's Grey Street. The song was featured on Radio New Zealand National's Sounds Historical programme and mentioned in the 2008 book "The Great New Zealand Pie Cart".
10th Anniversary.
MSU held their 10th anniversary in 2004 (11 years after they were formed). The line-up for the night included current and previous members who performed all MSU songs in chronological order to a full house at Diggers Bar, Hamilton. Hamilton ska band Bwa Da Riddum reunited to play support for MSU.
15th Anniversary and Break-up.
MSU celebrated their 15th anniversary by calling it quits. The band played their final gig at Altitude Bar, Hamilton. Support was provided by Th' Shrugs and TV's Wayne Anderson. MSU played two sets of their greatest hits. The most recent line-up was joined by former members Jocko, Jamie Stone, Dave O'Shea, Deano Ballswinger and SS Stormtrooper. The band also released their final album, Road Kill, a best-of compilation.
While MSU have broken up before, Marxi stated on the band's Facebook page that this time the band has broken up for good.
Soundtracks.
The track ""Gunna Bash"" from their 2002 album Flaps is also featured on the soundtrack of the feature film The Locals and can be heard in the car chase scene.
Discography.
MSU have released four albums. Most notably, their 2002 album "Flaps" was engineered by The Datsuns's guitarist Christian Livingstone.

</doc>
<doc id="20341641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341641" title="RAF Search and Rescue Force">
RAF Search and Rescue Force

The RAF Search and Rescue Force (SARF or SAR Force) is the Royal Air Force organisation which provides around-the-clock aeronautical search and rescue cover in the United Kingdom, Cyprus and the Falkland Islands.
History.
The force was established in 1941 in light of the number of Allied aircrew lost in the English Channel during the Battle of Britain. An emergency meeting was convened by Air Marshal Sir Arthur ""Bomber"'’ Harris which subsequently created the Directorate of Air Sea Rescue on 6 February 1941. This later became the RAF Search and Rescue Force.
During the Second World War, air-sea rescue squadrons flew a variety of aircraft. They used Supermarine Spitfires and Boulton Paul Defiants to patrol for downed aircrew and Avro Ansons to drop supplies and dinghies. Supermarine Walrus and Supermarine Sea Otter amphibious craft were used to pick up aircrew from the water. Larger aircraft were used to drop Airborne lifeboats. The RAF also operated high–speed boats, known as Whalebacks, in the rescue role. By the end of the Second World War, more than 8000 aircrew and 5000 civilians had been rescued.
In the early 1950s, helicopters took over from fixed–wing aircraft in the search and rescue role.
Role.
The SARF's primary roles are military search and rescue, and the provision of rescue for civilian aircraft in distress under the 1948 Chicago Convention. The latter is a delegated responsibility to the UK MoD from the Department of Transport, who have primary responsibility for general search and rescue of any type throughout the UK Search and Rescue Region (UK SRR). The military role involves the rescuing of aircrew who have ejected or parachuted from, or crash-landed their aircraft. This role raises the wartime combat effectiveness of the RAF (and RN) by enabling downed aircrew to be returned to front-line flying duties as soon as possible.
Although established with a primary role of military search and rescue, most of SARF's operational missions are spent in its secondary role, conducting civil search and rescue. This entails the rescue of civilians from the sea, on mountains, from flooded regions or other locations on land.
The aeronautical search and rescue roles are complemented by the related Royal Air Force Mountain Rescue Service whose trained mountaineers also conduct search and rescue in hilly terrain. SARF helicopters and RAF mountaineers often work together on mountain rescue incidents.
The military and civil roles are shared with the Sea King helicopters of the Royal Navy's Fleet Air Arm, while the civil search and rescue role is also shared with the helicopters of HM Coastguard.
Organization.
The SAR Force headquarters is situated at RAF Valley on Anglesey. In addition to the Force HQ proper, the HQ building houses the HQs of the RAFs two operational SAR squadrons in the UK (22 and 202), as well as the RAF Sea King Simulator. SAR Force HQ controls the SAR Force's three helicopter squadrons and one independent flight. These are:
SARF's Operational Conversion Unit is No. 203 Squadron also based at RAF Valley and equipped with the Sea King HAR3.
Coordination.
In the UK, maritime search and rescue is coordinated by HM Coastguard, while land-based operations are usually coordinated by the local Police force. 
From 1941 until the end of 1997 there were two Aeronautical Rescue Coordination Centres (ARCC) – at Plymouth and at Edinburgh. These two were combined in 1997 at RAF Kinloss in the north of Scotland. All requests for assistance from the emergency services throughout the United Kingdom (Police, Fire, Ambulance and Coastguard) are now handled at this single ARCC. The centre is responsible for tasking and coordinating all of the UK's search and rescue helicopter and the RAF Mountain Rescue Service.
Future.
In 2006, the government announced controversial plans to effectively privatise provision of search and rescue helicopters in order to replace the aging Sea Kings currently in use, although they have suggested that crews may, at least partially, still be made up of military personnel.
In February 2010, Soteria SAR was announced as the "preferred bidder" for the UK SAR programme. On 8 February 2011, days before the contract was due to be signed, the UK Government halted the process after Soteria admitted that it had unauthorised access to commercially sensitive information regarding the programme.
While this contract is being renegotiated, a "Gap" contract was tendered for the existing Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) bases and in February 2012 it was announced that Bristow Helicopters would take over the running of Stornoway and Sumburgh using Sikorsky S-92s and that Portland and Lee on Solent would be retained by CHC Helicopter using AgustaWestland AW139s.
In March 2013 the Department for Transport announced that it had a signed a contract with Bristow Helicopters Ltd to provide search and rescue helicopter services in the UK with operations will commencing progressively from 2015. The new service is expected to be fully operational across the United Kingdom by summer 2017 and will utilize AgustaWestland AW189 and Sikorsky S-92 based in ten locations around the UK (as shown on the map).

</doc>
<doc id="20341651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341651" title="Soo Wincci">
Soo Wincci

Soo Wincci () is a Malaysian television personality and former beauty queen. She was Miss World Malaysia and represented Malaysia in the Miss World 2008 beauty pageant.
Biography and Journey.
In 2004, Wincci won the Miss Malaysia Intercontinental pageant, and also represented Malaysia in the Miss Intercontinental pageant in China. She obtained third position in the Miss Malaysia Oriental World pageant in the same year. In 2005, she was the second runner-up in the Miss Chinatown pageant.
In 2008, she won Miss World Malaysia and represented Malaysia in the Miss World beauty pageant in Johannesburg, South Africa. She was a semifinalist for the Miss World Top Model and top finalist for Miss World Talent contests.
In 2007, she graduated with a law degree from University of Reading, UK.
In 2008, she obtained a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Sunshine Coast through attending online courses at Segi College Malaysia, Kota Damansara campus.
She also has certificates in vocal training, piano and composing.
In 2009, she is the charity ambassador for T-ratana welfare center, and also the ambassador for START foundation.
In 2009, she acted in a local NTV7 Chinese sitcom, titled "Mr Siao Mandarin Class".
In 2009, she was appointed as SAMSUNG LED ambassador.
She involved herself with many charity events.
She also wrote songs for children and performed to raise funds for charity organizations.
August 18, 2009, Wincci became the 1st Miss World Malaysia to come out with her self-composed singing album. Her music video was sponsored by Samsung. Also, Samsung appointed her song "Beauty With a Purpose" (which was sung in English, Malay, and Chinese) as the theme for Samsung LED. Her music video was broadcast throughout Malaysia.
In 2009, she represented Malaysia to Taiwan to perform in front of 30,000 audiences and also the Taiwan President Mah Ying Jiu.
In 2010, she acted as Rebecca in Media Corp Chinese drama titled "Injustice".
In 2010, she acted as Sophia in Mr Siao Season 2.
In 2010, she hosted for a cooking show titled, "Healthy Cooking With Agnes Chan"
In 2010, she was appointed as the 1st ever Chinese spoke person for AVON ANEW SKIN in Malaysia
In 2010, she was appointed as the ambassador of peace for Universal Peace Federation
In 2010, she was appointed as the ambassador of the Red Crescent Society
In 2010, she and a few other celebrity friends are the founder of "Malaysian Celebrity Go Green".
In 2010, her 1st EP Singing Album sales finally hit 5000 copies in Malaysia a year after its release.
In 2010, she received a PHD scholarship from Open University Malaysia., which she will do it part-time, estimated to complete her PHD in business in 2014.
In 2011,she releasede her 1st full Chinese album titled "Ying Guang".
In 2011, she became the spokesperson for skincare Avon Anew for consecutive two years.
In 2011, she acted as Hui Ying in Media Corp Drama titled "Destiny In Her Hand".
In 2011, she is filming for Asia 1st 3D thriller movie "Hunter", which she played the role of a famous host named "Hu Jing", which will be aired in Asia in year 2012, she will be also composing and singing for the movie theme song.
In 2011, she played a physco wife role in Media Corp Chinese drama titled "Justice in the City".
In 2011, she went to the London Media & Film academy in the UK for Acting Masterclass, Hosting Master class, also she went to upgrade her vocal chords with famous UK singing coach, Kim Chadler.
In 2012, she released her 3rd Chinese Album (With her own Magazine) titled, "In My Heart"
In 2012, her own composed song titled " In My Heart" was ranked No 1 in few of Malaysia's Chinese Radio Chart for months.
In 2012, she released her " In My Heart" Music Video.
In 2012, she was nominated for both "Best New Comer" and "Top 10 Most Favorite Female Actress" categories for the NTV7 Golden Award.
In 2012, she continued to be the spokesperson for Avon Anew Skin Care for the third year and this time her ambassadorship expanded to South East Asia.
In 2012, she was officially the spokesperson for XES Shoes in Malaysia.
In 2012, she was also one of the 16 contestants in the Celebrities Masterchef Malaysia 2012. Known as "Queen of Desserts" in the competition,she is the first contestant succeed to the final of the Celebrities Masterchef which was held in July 2012. She managed to finish as top 5 and the money she won will be donated to the charity organization she had chose.
In 2012, straight after Master Chef, she launched her Malay Single titled " Terus Teranglah" featuring Joe Flizzow and cooper Ajai.
In 2012, she became celebrity DJ host for OneFM88.1 for 2 months.
In 2012, she launched her first Chinese International album titled "Happiness" in Taiwan, her song "I' ll be alright" and " Happiness" was the song for Taiwan Idol Drama "I Rented A Lover", these two songs were in the hit charts of many Taiwan and Malaysia's Song Chart.
In 2013, she launched her "Soo Wincci by XES" shoes range with XES
In 2013, she became the longest Avon Malaysia Ambassador ( 4 Years Consecutively).
In 2013, she was chosen to become the Health Icon for Malaysia.
In 2013, she won "The Most Aspiring Malaysia Female Artistes" for the most prestige Chinese aways My Astro Awards.
In 2013, she won "The Media Choice Award" by NTV 7 and One FM Top Song Award.
In 2013, she sang the end credit song titled "Bravery" for Taiwan Idol Drama " A Hint Of You", this song tops up the Taiwan music chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20341667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341667" title="Brad Parker">
Brad Parker

Bradley Raymond Parker (born 23 April 1980) is a Canadian former soccer player who played at both professional and international levels as a defender and midfielder.
Career.
Club career.
Born in Scarborough, Ontario, Parker played club football with Dutch club Feyenoord. In June 2000, he was on trial with Belgian club RWD Molenbeek, and he finally left Feyenoord in July 2001 after five years with the club. After leaving Feyenoord, Parker went on trial with English clubs Bradford City, and Chesterfield.
International career.
Parker played at the 1995 FIFA U-17 World Championship, making three appearances in the tournament.
He earned six caps for the Canadian senior team between 1998 and 2000. In an April 1999 friendly match against Northern Ireland, Parker scored an own goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20341683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341683" title="SR Villaverde Boetticher CF">
SR Villaverde Boetticher CF

Sociedad Recreativa Villaverde Boetticher Club de Fútbol is a football club based in the District of Villaverde in the city of Madrid, Community of Madrid, Spain.
History.
The S.R. Villaverde Boetticher C.F. was founded in 1988, S.R. Villaverde C.F. merges with SR Boetticher y Navarro, club founded by the Company Boetticher.
Data Club.
Address: Paseo de Talleres 1. Villaverde (Madrid) Phone: 91 798 34 42 Partners: 300 approx. Email: funde_vi@hotmail . com
Stadium.
Name:Boetticher. 
Capacity: 5,000 spectators. 
Inauguration: -- 
Dimensions: 105 x 65

</doc>
<doc id="20341719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341719" title="Martha Fenech">
Martha Fenech

Martha Fenech (born September 13, 1990) is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Malta in Miss World 2008 in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20341724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341724" title="VC Zarechie Odintsovo">
VC Zarechie Odintsovo

Zarechie Odintsovo is a Russian women's volleyball club. It was established in 1987. 
The team won the Russian Super League twice, in 2007/2008 and 2009/2010.
In the season 2007/2008 the team was runner-up of European Champions League, losing the final against Despar Perugia. 
Team 2013-2014.
"As of September 2013"
Achievements.
2007-2008, 2009-2010
1994-95, 2001-02, 2002-03, 2003-04, 2004-05, 2005-06, 2006-07, 2007-08

</doc>
<doc id="20341748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341748" title="Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002">
Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002

Spain participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 with an entry selected through the first series of the reality-show Operación Triunfo, hosted from Barcelona by Carlos Lozano. Rosa with the song "Europe's Living a Celebration", composed by Toni and Xasqui Ten, was chosen through televoting by the Spanish public.
Rosa placed 7th with 81 points at Eurovision, where her backing singers where her fellow contestants from Operación Triunfo David Bisbal, David Bustamante, Chenoa, Gisela (who would represent Andorra in 2008) and Geno.
Operación Triunfo (first series).
After the regular final of Operación Triunfo (where Rosa was declared the overall winner), the top three contestants - Rosa herself, David Bisbal, and David Bustamante - qualified for the Eurovision phase of the contest, which consisted of a semi-final and a final. Three songs were assigned to each contestant among those submitted to national broadcaster TVE, making a total of nine songs. In the semi-final, a jury eliminated one of the songs assigned to each artist, and then a finalist song was chosen for each contestant though televoting. The three songs that participated in the final were "La magia del corazón" by David Bustamante, "Corazón Latino" by David Bisbal, and "Europe's Living a Celebration" by Rosa.
Result of national final.
At the close of voting, Rosa received the highest number of votes and was proclaimed the winner and entrant for Spain at the Eurovision Song Contest 2002.
At Eurovision.
At Eurovision, Rosa performed 5th. At the close of the voting she had received 81 points, placing 7th of 24.

</doc>
<doc id="20341774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341774" title="Élodie Delor">
Élodie Delor

Élodie Delor is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Martinique in Miss Earth 2007 in Quezon City, Philippines; and Miss World 2008 in Johannesburg, South Africa. She placed in the top 16 in Miss Earth, but did not place in Miss World.

</doc>
<doc id="20341789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341789" title="Maragatham Chandrasekar">
Maragatham Chandrasekar

Maragatham Chandrasekar (b. November 11, 1917 - d.October 27, 2001) was an Indian politician and Member of Parliament from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Personal life.
Maragatham Chandrasekar was born Maragatham Muniswami Pillai to Vidwan Kalathur Muniswami Pillai on November 11, 1917. She obtained her Bachelor of Science degree in India and completed diplomas in free-lance, domestic science and dietitics course in London. She also did a course on Specialized Institution Management and Administration at London. Maragatham married R. Chandrasekar and had a son and a daughter, Lata Priyakumar who also served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu
Politics.
Maragatham Chandrasekar joined the Indian National Congress and was elected to the Lok Sabha from Tiruvallur in the 1951 parliamentary elections. She served as the Member of Lok Sabha for Tiruvallur from 1951 to 1957 and 1962 to 1967 and Member of the Rajya Sabha from 1970 to 1984. She served as the Union Deputy Minister for Health from 1951 to 1957, Home Affairs from 1962 to 1964 and Social Welfare from 1964 to 1967. In 1972, Maragatham was elected General Secretary of the All India Congress Committee.
Assassination of Rajiv Gandhi.
As former Member of Parliament from Sriperumbudur, Maragatham hosted the former Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi during his visit to Sriperumbudur in 1991. She was present at the rally in Sriperumbudur where Rajiv Gandhi was assassinated.
Death.
Maragatham died on October 27, 2001,

</doc>
<doc id="20341794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341794" title="Catholic University of Eastern Africa">
Catholic University of Eastern Africa

Catholic University of Eastern Africa (CUEA) is a multi-campus university in Kenya.
History.
CUEA was founded on 3 September in 1984 in Nairobi Kenya as a Graduate School of Theology, under the name the Catholic Higher Institute of Eastern Africa (CHIEA). The Institute was founded by the regional ecclesiastical authority known as Association of Member Episcopal Conferences of Eastern Africa (AMECEA). The member countries of AMECEA are: Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, Malawi, Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda and Zambia.Initially, CHIEA offered two-year Licentiate/MA programmes in Theology, as authorized by the Congregation for Catholic Education, Vatican City (cf. Prot. N. 821/80/34), effective 2 May 1984. On 3 September of the same year, it was officially inaugurated by the Right Reverend Bishop Medardo Mazombwe, the then Chairman of AMECEA. On 18 August 1985, it was formally opened by Pope John Paul II. In 1986, the Graduate School of Theology started negotiations with the Commission for Higher Education in Kenya to establish the Catholic University of Eastern Africa (CUEA).
In 1989, the Institute obtained the "Letter of Interim Authority" as the first step towards its establishment as a private university. After three years of intensive negotiations between the Authority of the Graduate School of Theology (CHIEA) and the Commission for Higher Education, the Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences was established. The climax of the negotiations was a granting of the Civil Charter to CHIEA on 3 November 1992. This marked the birth of the university as a private institution. The Institute rebranded as the Catholic University of Eastern Africa, in 1992.
In 2002, the Faculties of Science and Commerce were established. Then in 2003, the Center for Social Justice & ethics was established. The Faculty of Law was established in 2004, and the School of continuing professional development in 2009. In 2009, satellite campuses were established at the following locations:
Faculties of the University.
The university maintains the following faculties:
Notable alumni.
Notable alumni include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20341798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341798" title="Elizabeth of Poland, Duchess of Pomerania">
Elizabeth of Poland, Duchess of Pomerania

Princess Elizabeth of Poland () (1326–1361) was the eldest child of Casimir III of Poland and his first wife, Aldona of Lithuania.
Marriage.
Elizabeth was originally betrothed to her future brother-law, Louis VI the Roman. She was eventually passed over for her younger sister, Cunigunde.
An agreement, directed primarily against the Teutonic Order, was reached on 24 February 1343 in Poznan between Elizabeth's father and Wartislaw IV, Duke of Pomerania. As a result, Elizabeth married Wartislaw's son, Boguslaw, on 28 February 1343. Elisabeth received a dowry from her father of 20 000 kop (cents in Prague).
On 28 February 1343, Elizabeth married Bogislaw V, Duke of Pomerania. Elizabeth mainly lived in Prague Castle or Castle of Darlowo during her marriage. They had two children:
Her daughter Elizabeth was married in 1363 to the Holy Roman Emperor Charles IV. The marriage took place during the Congress of Kraków; the most celebrated feast commemorating the event took place at the house of Mikołaj Wierzynek (młodszy). Elizabeth of Poland, however, never saw her daughter married off. She had died in 1361, at a monastery of the Order of Saint Augustine in Świątkach, and was buried there. 
Her son, Casimir ("Kaźko") was groomed to become Casimir the Great's successor as King of Poland but was sidelined by Louis I of Hungary, and instead succeeded Bogislaw in 1364 as duke of Pomerania.

</doc>
<doc id="20341802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341802" title="Bryan Rosenfeld">
Bryan Rosenfeld

Bryan Rosenfeld (born 19 September 1965 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a retired Canadian association football player and former Head Coach of the Canadian U-17 Women national soccer team.
Career.
He played club football for Hamilton Steelers, Toronto Blizzard and Toronto Rockets.
International career.
Rosenfeld earned 1 cap for the Canadian national side in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20341803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341803" title="Diamphidia">
Diamphidia

__NOTOC__
Diamphidia or Bushman arrow-poison beetle, is an African genus of leaf beetle. "Diamphidia" in the Chrysomelidae family, the same family as the Colorado potato beetle.
The larvae and pupae of "Diamphidia" produce a toxin used by Bushmen as an arrow poison.
The Finnish explorer Hendrik Jacob Wikar, who travelled in Southern Africa in 1773–1779, described the larvae as "poisonous worms". Hans Schinz was the first scientist to document the process by which the Bushmen extract and use the poison.
The adults and larvae of "Diamphidia nigroornata" feed on "Commiphora angolensis" (Engler), whereas "Diamphidia vittatipennis" eat African myrrh.
Life cycle.
Adult females of "Diamphidia femoralis" Gerstaecker and "Diamphidia nigroornata" Stål lay their eggs on the stems of "Commiphora" species and coat the eggs with their faeces which harden into a protective covering. As the larval instars develop, the pellets of their own faeces remain attached to their backs and posteriors. The final instar sheds this faecal coat when entering the soil to pupate. The same behaviour is found in "Blepharida", a Flea Beetle and "Polyclada", the African Leaf Beetle. The "Diamphidia" larvae burrow down for a depth of up to 1 metre in the sand under the food plant, where they may lie dormant for several years before going through a very rapid pupal phase.
Toxin.
Diamphotoxin, the poisonous compound in "Diamphidia", is highly labile, and has a low molecular weight. It is bound to a protein that protects it from deactivation. It causes an increased permeability of cell membranes, which, while not affecting normal ionic flow between cells, allows easy access to "all" small ions, thereby fatally disrupting normal cellular ionic levels. Although it has no neurotoxic effect, it produces a lethal haemolytic effect, and may reduce haemoglobin levels by as much as 75%, leading to haemoglobinuria.
Parasite host.
"Diamphidia" is parasitised by a carabid "Lebistina" beetle, the larva of which attaches itself to a mature "Diamphidia" larva, clinging to it until the "Diamphidia" has formed its cocoon, enclosing both host and parasite, and then feeding on its host's soft tissue. The "Lebistina" larvae are more toxic than their hosts and are preferred by San hunters for arrow poison. 

</doc>
<doc id="20341828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341828" title="LB&amp;SCR E6 class">
LB&amp;SCR E6 class

The London, Brighton and South Coast Railway E6 Class is a class of 0-6-2Tside tank steam locomotive designed by Robert Billinton. They were introduced in 1904 and were a development of the E5 class with smaller driving wheels intended for heavy short and medium-distance freight trains.
History.
The E3 class radial tanks were useful on all but the heaviest freight trains in congested the London area, which required rapid acceleration from signals in order to avoid holding up other traffic. Robert Billinton therefore produced a version of his successful E5 passenger tank class with smaller driving wheels for this purpose. Twelve locomotives were built by Brighton Works between December 1904 and December 1905. The last two locomotives were originally intended to be built as 0-8-0s for heavy shunting purposes but Billinton died in November 1904 before any were built and the order was subsequently changed by his successor D. E. Marsh.
The E6s were successful goods locomotives, but in 1911 two examples were rebuilt with the larger C3 class boiler and a C2X class smokebox and were re-classified E6X. These two locomotives proved to be very powerful, but used significantly more fuel and no more examples were rebuilt. 
All of the class survived the transfer to Southern Railway ownership in 1923, and British Railways ownership in 1948. Withdrawal commenced in September 1957 and was completed by December 1962. No examples have been preserved.
Numbering.
British Railways (BR) numbers were 32407-32418. The E6X locomotives were 32407 and 32411.

</doc>
<doc id="20341835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341835" title="The McDowell News">
The McDowell News

The McDowell News is a daily newspaper based in Marion, North Carolina covering McDowell County. The newspaper is owned by Berkshire Hathaway.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="20341849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341849" title="Teesside Steelworks">
Teesside Steelworks

Teesside Steelworks is a large steelworks located in Redcar and Cleveland unitary authority, England, on the south bank of the river Tees, close to the river's outfall onto the North Sea.
The site's blast furnace is the second largest in Europe.
History.
Founded by Dorman Long in 1917, the steel produced was used to build the Sydney Harbour Bridge, Tyne Bridge, Auckland Harbour Bridge and many others.
Dorman Long was absorbed into the nationalised British Steel. When nationalisation ended, it merged with Dutch steelmakers under the name of Corus, making steel further west, first at the Corus BOS, using iron produced at the company's Redcar blast furnace. After that, in 2007, the company was bought by Tata Steel .
In light of the termination of a large contract in 2009, 1,700 jobs were lost at the plant. However, on 24 February 2011, it was announced that Teesside Steelworks has been purchased by Thai Steel giant, SSI. On 15 April 2012 the plant was officially reopened.

</doc>
<doc id="20341859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341859" title="Olivia Carey">
Olivia Carey

Marie-Anne Olivia Carey is a Mauritian beauty pageant contestant born in 1988 who won the title of Miss Mauritius 2007, and represented Mauritius in Miss World 2008 in Johannesburg, South Africa. Previously, she had competed in Miss Tourism Queen International 2008 in Zhengzhou, China; and Miss Universe 2008 in Nha Trang, Vietnam. She did not place in any of them. She is actually studying management at the Charles Telfair Institute in Mauritius as she intends in opening her own restaurant afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="20341886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341886" title="Computer-aided lean management">
Computer-aided lean management

Computer-aided lean management, in business management, is a methodology of developing and using software-controlled, lean systems integration. Its goal is to drive innovation towards cost and cycle-time savings. It attempts to create an efficient use of capital and resources through the development and use of one integrated system model to run a business's planning, engineering, design, maintenance, and operations.
Overview.
Computer-Aided Lean Management (CALM) is a management philosophy that uses computational software in an integrated fashion to reduce risk and drive out inefficiencies. CALM acts on uncertainties and business inefficiencies to increase profitability through the use of computational decision-making tools that enable opportunities for additional value creation. It is based on the application of software to enable continuous improvement through an Integrated System Model (ISM) of the business’s physical assets, business processes, and machine learning. This unique integration of software applications using lean principles was developed in the aerospace industry and has migrated to the energy industry.
The creation of an integrated system model removes the barriers posed by the silos or stovepipes inherent in the departmentalization of most companies. Integration enables lean uses of information for the creation of actionable knowledge. CALM strives to create such a lean management approach to running the company through the rigors of software enforcement. From this software enforcement comes clear policy and procedures that are adhered to, activity-based costing, measurement of effectiveness, and the capability of using advanced algorithms for dramatic improvements in optimization of resources. CALM creates business capabilities through software to enable technology application, streamlining of processes, and a lean organizational structure. The methodology is based on a commonsense approach for running a business, by measuring of actions taken and using those measurements to design improved processes in order to drive out inefficiencies.
History.
CALM was inspired by lean processes and techniques that were already dominant management technologies with a wide diversity of applications and successes. Motorola and General Electric (GE) had been known for the concepts of Six Sigma; Boeing had been managing mass (using modular and flexible assembly options), and Toyota put it all together into a truly lean business through its Toyota Production System. Boeing in turn took the Toyota model and added computer-aided enforcement of lean methodologies throughout the manufacturing process.
One of the major sources for CALM's outgrowth was integrated definition (IDEF) modeling in aerospace manufacturing that was pioneered by the U.S. Air Force in the 1970s. IDEF is a methodology designed to model the end-to-end decisions, actions, and activities of an organization or system so that costs, performance, and cycle times can be optimized. IDEF methods have been adapted for wider use in automotive, aerospace, pharmaceuticals, and even software development industries. IDEF methods serve as a starting point to understand lean management through semantic data modeling. The IDEF process begins by mapping the as-is functions of an enterprise, creating a graphical model, or road map, that shows what controls each important function, who performs it, what resources are required for carrying it out, what it produces, how much it costs, and what relationships it has to other functions of the organization. IDEF simulations of the to-be enterprise have been found to be efficient at streamlining and modernizing both companies and governmental agencies.
Perhaps the best-developed evolution of the IDEF model beyond Toyota was at Boeing. Their project life-cycle process has grown into a rigorous software system that links people, tasks, tools, materials, and the environmental impact of any newly planned project, before any building is allowed to begin. Routinely, more than half of the time for any given project is spent building the precedence diagrams, or three-dimensional process maps, integrating with outside suppliers, and designing the implementation plan-all on the computer. Once real activity is initiated, an action tracker is used to monitor inputs and outputs versus the schedule and delivery metrics in real time throughout the organization. When the execution of a new airplane design begins, it is so well organized that it consistently cuts both costs and build time in half for each successive generation of airframe. And, of course, it is paperless. Boeing created a complex lean management process called 'define and control airplane configuration/manufacturing resource management' (DCAC/MRM). The process was built with the help of the operations research and computer sciences departments of the University of Pittsburgh. The manufacture of the Boeing 777 was ultimately a success, and it became the precursor to succeeding generations of CALM at Boeing. Boeing is four generations beyond that airplane now, and they have succeeded in cutting the time and cost for each new generation of airplane. Boeing’s successes in conversion from inefficient silos of manufacturing to a lean and efficient operation have become legendary.
The methodology of CALM has recently been applied to field orientated infrastructure based businesses with highly interdependent systems, such as electric utilities where a smart grid concept is being researched and developed. The management of infrastructure-based industries like oil, gas, electricity, water, transportation, and renewables requires massive investments in interdependent, physical infrastructure, as well as simultaneous attention to disparate market forces. In infrastructure businesses that manage field assets, uncertainty is the prime impediment to profitability, rather than the maintenance of efficient supply chains or the management of factory assembly lines. These businesses are dominated by risk from uncertainties such as weather, market variations, transportation disruptions, government actions, logistic difficulties, geology, and asset reliability. CALM has been applied to deal with these types of infrastructure based challenges.

</doc>
<doc id="20341910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341910" title="Iana Varnacova">
Iana Varnacova

Iana Varnacova is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Moldova in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She has worked as a dance trainer.

</doc>
<doc id="20341920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341920" title="Balance (Akrobatik album)">
Balance (Akrobatik album)

Balance is the first full-length album by Boston rapper Akrobatik. It was released on May 20, 2003 by Coup D'État. The album features production and guest appearances by Diamond D, Da Beatminerz, DJ Fakts One, Mr. Lif, DJ Revolution, Edan and more. The song "Balance" was used in episode one of season two of The Wire entitled "Ebb Tide." The song "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle" also appeared in episode five of season two of The Wire.

</doc>
<doc id="20341923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341923" title="1985 Island Games">
1985 Island Games

The 1985 Inter-Island Games were the first Island Games, and were held in Isle of Man, from July 18 to July 24, 1985.
Medal table.
Key:
Sports.
The sports chosen for the games were:

</doc>
<doc id="20341949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341949" title="Fiona Patten">
Fiona Patten

Fiona Patten is leader of the Australian Sex Party and a former sex worker. She is also the CEO of the Eros Association.
"Sex is deeply rooted in the lives of all Australians. It is relevant to hundreds of pieces of legislation made around the country.
If you're sick of being preached at by wowser and chauvinistic politicians, join the Australian Sex Party. We're positive about sex."
Patten states on the party's website that she is related to Jessie Street, however, there has never been any evidence put forward that there is any relationship. Patten was "good mates" with Don Chipp, and was once on trial for Contempt of Parliament for threatening to "out" National Party politicians.
Politics.
1992 ACT election.
In 1992, Patten contested the second election for representation in the multi-member single consistency Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly on a ticket called the Hare-Clark Independent Party with sitting member, Craig Duby. Both Duby and Patten were unsuccessful in being elected.
2009 Higgins by-election.
Patten contested the seat of Higgins in Victoria at the 2009 by-election. She received over 3 percent of the vote, placing her 4th out of 10 candidates. Her campaign was based on opposing Greens candidate Clive Hamilton's proposal for an ISP-level Internet filter which would block access to websites containing RC-rated content—that is, legal material which is banned from sale, trade or public exhibition due to its extreme nature. 
Patten remains a prominent critic of the proposal. She appeared in the "Four Corners" episode "Access Denied" arguing that it would include blocking access to adult films such as "Pirates"—refused classification because of a technicality—that do not depict sexual violence, are extremely popular overseas and are available for download on dozens of websites. According to research mentioned in the episode, it is unviable for the filter to block access to more than a thousand or so individual web pages.
2010 federal election.
The party contested all states and territories (except Tasmania and the Australian Capital Territory) in the Senate and six of 150 House of Representatives seats at the 2010 federal election. The party won 2.04 percent of the national Senate vote, over 250,000 first preferences. After the major parties and the Australian Greens, the Sex Party during the vote count were "neck and neck" with the Family First Party for the fourth place in the national Senate vote. The party "outpolled several more prominent minor parties and came within about 10,000 votes of Family First for the Senate in Victoria". After the party's first federal election contest, Patten claimed that the Sex Party was "now the major minor party in Australian politics":
We’ve polled better than the Greens did in their first federal election and believe that our vision of Australia as the most socially progressive country in the world is equal to the Greens environmental messages of 20 years ago.
Whilst the Sex Party did not win any seats, their preferences were substantially beneficial to the Greens who won a Senate seat in every state for the first time.
2010 Victorian election.
Patten contested the Northern Metropolitan Region in the Victorian Legislative Council at the 2010 Victorian state election.
2012 Melbourne by-election.
Patten contested the 2012 Melbourne state by-election, coming third out of 16 candidates, receiving 6.6 percent of the vote, in the absence of a Liberal Party candidate. She says the party preferenced Labor ahead of the Greens due to the "anti-sex feminist movement" within the Greens, but that future preferences may change again.

</doc>
<doc id="20341952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341952" title="Anun Chinbat">
Anun Chinbat

Anun Chinbat (, Chinbatyn Anun) is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Mongolia in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She has studied for a degree in Tourism Management at the Rikkyo University in Tokyo, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20341964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341964" title="2010 Winter Olympics torch relay">
2010 Winter Olympics torch relay

The 2010 Winter Olympics Torch Relay was a 106 day run, from October 30, 2009 to February 12, 2010, prior to the 2010 Winter Olympics. Plans for the relay were originally announced November 21, 2008 by the Vancouver Organizing Committee for the 2010 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games (VANOC). Communities were initially informed in June 2008, but the locations were not announced for "security reasons". Exact routes were later announced several weeks before the start of the torch relay. 
The torches used in the Olympic relay were designed by Leo Obstbaum (1969–2009), the late director of design for the 2010 Winter Games.
There were an estimated 12,000 torchbearers, including notable Canadian celebrities such as Shania Twain, Simon Whitfield, Silken Lauman, Alexandre Despatie and Catriona Le May Doan and past and present NHL hockey stars including Sidney Crosby, Wayne Gretzky, and the captains of the Vancouver Canucks teams that went to the Stanley Cup Finals, Trevor Linden () and Stan Smyl (). In fact, many television personalities were selected as torchbearers for the relay, mainly from CTV's parent company, CTVglobemedia. Matt Lauer and American actor, bodybuilder, and former California Governor 
Arnold Schwarzenegger were also torch bearers. 
On 22 October 2009 the Olympic Torch was lit during a ceremony held at the Ancient Olympia in Greece. Actress Maria Nafpliotou played the role of the High Priestess and ignited the flame using a parabolic mirror and the sun's ray. The first torch was carried by Olympic skier Vassilis Dimitriadis.
Kept under close secrecy, the final Olympic Torchbearer turned out to be not one, but five final torchbearers. Rick Hansen brought it into BC Place Stadium, in turn lighting Catriona Le May Doan's torch, who lit Steve Nash's torch, and the flame continued to Nancy Greene and Wayne Gretzky. Three of the four torchbearers lit the indoor Olympic Cauldron; Le May Doan was left standing due to a malfunction causing only three of the four arms to be raised. Gretzky exited BC Place, with his torch still lit, and caught a ride on the back of a VANOC vehicle, to Coal Harbour, where he lit the outdoor Cauldron. This makes Gretzky the first person to light two official cauldrons in the same Olympics.
At the start of the closing ceremony, Le May Doan re-lit the indoor Cauldron after clown and mime Yves Dagenais "fixed" and "raised" the arm that malfunctioned in the opening ceremony.
Relay elements.
Torch.
The torches used for 2010 relay and the lighting ceremonies are made by designers at Bombardier Inc.'s Aerospace division.

</doc>
<doc id="20341973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341973" title="Université Catholique de l'Afrique de l'Ouest">
Université Catholique de l'Afrique de l'Ouest

Université Catholique de l'Afrique de l'Ouest (UCAO) or Catholic University of West Africa was founded in 1967 as the Higher Institute of Religious Culture; later it became a university. It is situated in Abidjan, Ivory Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="20341995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341995" title="Terry Howard">
Terry Howard

Terry Howard (born 26 February 1966 in Stepney) is a retired English footballer who played for Chelsea, Crystal Palace, Chester City, Leyton Orient, Wycombe Wanderers, Woking and Aldershot Town.
On 7 February 1995, Howard, in his 397th appearance for Leyton Orient, was sacked at half-time by then-manager John Sitton, as featured in the Channel 4 documentary "".

</doc>
<doc id="20341996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20341996" title="Richard Sale">
Richard Sale

Richard Sale may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20342048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342048" title="Live by Request (Kenny Rogers album)">
Live by Request (Kenny Rogers album)

Live by Request is a live CD released in 2001 by Kenny Rogers. It documents an installment of A&E Network's "Live by Request" series.
Charts.
The album entered the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart and peaked at number 68.

</doc>
<doc id="20342051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342051" title="Bart Gets a 'Z'">
Bart Gets a 'Z'

"Bart Gets a 'Z'" is the second episode of "The Simpsons"' twenty-first season. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 4, 2009. 
In the episode, the fourth grade students of Springfield Elementary School decide to spike Ms. Krabappel's coffee in order to teach her a lesson after she takes away their cell phones. She is fired by Principal Skinner, who hires a new teacher named Zachary Vaughn. Although Vaughn is a hip young teacher who impresses the students, Bart is plagued by guilt and tries to get Ms. Krabappel hired back.
In its original airing, the episode had an estimated 9.32 million viewers and received a Nielsen rating of 5.1/8. The episode was written by Matt Selman, and directed by Mark Kirkland.
Plot.
Mrs. Krabappel's positive attitude is crushed when she sees her students distracted from class by their cell phones, so she takes the devices away and puts them on the drawer with the biology frogs. This angers Bart and the other children, and they decide Mrs. Krabappel needs to "chill out". Bart notices that Homer is goofy and easy-going once he has had a few beers, so the students decide to spike Mrs. Krabappel's coffee with liquor they steal from their parents. The next day, once she has consumed a mug of heavily-spiked coffee (with sly encouragement from the kids), Mrs. Krabappel is quickly intoxicated. After a day of dangerous and drunken acts including singing a loud, off-key, incoherent version of "This Old Man" with her students, flirting Dewey Largo, Principal Skinner is forced to fire her, although reluctantly, even giving her his hankey when she starts crying.
Principal Skinner replaces her with a hip recent graduate of Tufts University named Zachary Vaughn. The students are immediately impressed with Zack, as he returns their cell phones and instructs them to use their electronic devices for classwork; his first assignment to them is “Twenty minutes of Twittering”. Bart raves to his mother about how much fun it is to have Zack as a teacher, but Marge worries about Mrs. Krabappel's well-being, and Lisa doubts Zack's ability to teach. Bart goes to visit Mrs. Krabappel and is stricken with guilt when he sees her moping in front of the television. Bart and Milhouse meet at a bookstore (where Moe is revealed to be a fan of Doris Kearns Goodwin) and decide to get Mrs. Krabappel rehired. They buy a self-help book entitled "The Answer" (a spoof of "The Secret"), which professes to have all the answers to help someone achieve their dreams. Mrs. Krabappel is initially skeptical, but reveals her dream is to open a muffin shop. Some time in the future, she does open a muffin shop and becomes very successful, even though Bart handed Ned Flanders, the shop's first customer, a banana instead of his cranberry-bran muffin order. As Ned leaves, Bart inadvertently confesses that he had the idea to spike her coffee with alcohol and therefore is responsible for getting her fired. Mrs. Krabappel is furious and tells him that her real dream was to be a teacher, and concludes that Bart is the only kid she has ever met who is "bad on the inside."
Bart is deeply troubled by Mrs. Krabappel's statement, and decides to get her old job back by spiking Zack's "Blue Bronco" energy drink, but instead decides to tell Principal Skinner the truth and face punishment. Principal Skinner is pleased that Bart was honest and agrees to punish him for it, but tells him he cannot just rehire Mrs. Krabappel when Zack is doing a good job in her place. Skinner is about to give Bart a severe punishment for his actions against Mrs. Krabappel, but their conversation is suddenly disrupted by a belligerently drunk Zack — who ironically secretly mixes vodka in his own drink — who mocks the schoolchildren and tells them they have no future because their education will not help them achieve real things in life. Groundskeeper Willie drags Zack away with the remark "It's always the good ones who go crazy first," and Mrs. Krabappel is reinstated. Bart hopes that there will be no hard feelings between Mrs. Krabappel and himself. She responds by making every student in the class eat a very stale muffin, as part of her "muffin-based revenge," as the end credits style of text mimics that of "The Secret".
Production.
The episode was written by Matt Selman, and directed by Mark Kirkland, marking the pair's writing and directorial debuts for the season.
Cultural references.
The novel Bart reads called "The Answer" is a parody of film and book, "The Secret". The song heard with Edna in the morning is a Paul McCartney song titled "Another Day". The store Mrs. Krabappel opens is called "Edna's Edibles", a reference to the store that Mrs. Garrett owned on the TV Show The Facts of Life. The film Edna is watching when Bart comes by to see how she is doing closely resembles the 1986 Rodney Dangerfield hit Back to School.
Reception.
In its original airing, the episode had an estimated 9.32 million viewers and received a Nielsen rating of 5.1/8, which was an improvement over the last episode, but came fourth in its timeslot.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode a 6.9/10 and also stated the episode was "...neither hilarious nor incredibly terrible. It's middle of the road, but has just enough going for it that a fan will enjoy the episode." Todd VanDer Werff of The A.V. Club gave the episode a C+ and also stated "So I liked the Krabappel and Bart stuff, but everything else was pretty bad.".

</doc>
<doc id="20342093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342093" title="Vernon O. Underwood Stakes">
Vernon O. Underwood Stakes

The Vernon O. Underwood Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race held annually at Hollywood Park Racetrack in Inglewood, California. Raced in late November, the Grade III event is open to horses age three and older. It is contested on Cushion Track synthetic dirt at a distance of six furlongs.
Inaugurated as the National Sprint Championship Stakes, in 1990 the name was changed to honor Vernon O. Underwood (1907–1990), a prominent California businessman. [http://www.youngsmarket.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/ContentAttachmentView?storeId=10551&contentName=YMC_B2CAboutUs.html]
In 2001, H. Eugene Reed's eight-year-old gelding Men's Exclusive became the first back-to-back winner of the race and its oldest winner.
The race was run in two divisions in 1981, 1982, and 1984.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="20342115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342115" title="Masters of the Sea (TV series)">
Masters of the Sea (TV series)

Masters of the Sea was a 1994 television drama series produced by the Television Corporation of Singapore (TCS), the predecessor of Mediacorp. It was the first full-length English drama series to be produced in Singapore. The series starred Wong Li-Lin, Ng Chin Han, and Aziz Mustajab.
"Masters of the Sea" was derided by some as "fairly disastrous" and lasted only two seasons, with the second season titled "Masters of the Sea: In Troubled Waters". One of the criticisms was that it portrayed an elderly Peranakan woman wearing the wrong costumes and ornaments, and speaking the wrong phrases. However, it was syndicated to Indonesian television, where it was shown localised into Indonesian.

</doc>
<doc id="20342119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342119" title="1997 Newsweek Champions Cup – Singles">
1997 Newsweek Champions Cup – Singles

Michael Chang was the defending champion and won in the final 4–6, 6–3, 6–4, 6–3 against Bohdan Ulihrach.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds received a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20342126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342126" title="Panos H. Koutras">
Panos H. Koutras

Panos H. Koutras (; born in Athens) is a Greek filmmaker, writer, who made his debut with the feature film "The Attack of the Giant Moussaka" (1999), a science-fiction parody. He has directed two more films "Alithini Zoi" (2004) and "Strella" (2009).
He studied filmmaking at the London International Film School. He also studied at the Sorbonne in Paris. When he was studying in London and Paris he submitted several short films to film festivals including the London Film Festival. At the "Festival du Cinema, Mediterraneen" he won first prize in 1991 for the short film "The Fall and Rise of Lydia Von Burer".

</doc>
<doc id="20342167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342167" title="Province of Pomerania (1653–1815)">
Province of Pomerania (1653–1815)

The Province of Pomerania (1653–1815) was a province of Brandenburg-Prussia, the later Kingdom of Prussia. After the Thirty Years' War, the province consisted of Farther Pomerania. Subsequently, the Lauenburg and Bütow Land, Draheim, and Swedish Pomerania south of the Peene river were joined into the province. The province was succeeded by the Province of Pomerania set up in 1815.
The name "Pomerania" comes from Slavic po more, which means Land at the Sea.
Farther Pomerania.
Farther Pomerania was made a province of Prussia ("Brandenburg-Prussia") after the Peace of Westphalia ended the Thirty Years' War in 1648. During the war, the noble House of Pomerania ("Griffins"), ruling Pomerania since the 1120s as Dukes of Pomerania, went extinct in the male line with the death of Bogislaw XIV in 1637. Throughout the existence of the Griffin duchy, Brandenburg claimed overlordship and was asserted of Pomerania inheritance in numerous treaties. Yet, Sweden had been one of the most important players in the war and as such, she was awarded some of her territorial gains in Pomerania after the war by the Peace of Westphalia, thwartening Brandenburg-Prussia's ambitions for inheritance of the whole former Duchy of Pomerania.
Gain of Lauenburg and Bütow Land and Draheim.
During the Second Northern War (1654–1660), Brandenburg-Prussia and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth concluded the Treaty of Wehlau on 19 September 1657, and the subsequent Treaty of Bromberg. The Commonwealth therein gave Brandeburg-Prussia the Lauenburg and Bütow Land as a fief, and also pawned Draheim to Brandenburg.
The Peace of Oliva on 3 May 1660, confirmed Brandenburg's rights in the Lauenburg and Bütow Land as well as in Draheim.
Gain of lower Oder's right bank.
Swedish Pomerania was occupied by Denmark and Brandenburg in the Brandenburg-Swedish theater of the Scanian War from 1675–1679, whereby Denmark claimed Rügen and Brandenburg the rest of Pomerania. Sweden reestablished control after the Peace of Saint-Germain-en-Laye on 28 June 1679.
This tempted Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg, to utter ""Exoriare aliquis nostris ex ossibus ultor!" someone arise from my bones as an avenger".
The strip of land on the east side of the Oder, except for Gollnow and Altdamm, was given to Brandenburg. Gollnow and Altdamm were held by Brandenburg as a pawn in exchange for reparations, until these were paid in 1693.
Gain of southern Swedish Pomerania.
During the Great Northern War, Stettin was sieged by Russian and Saxon forces led by prince Menschikov, and surrendered on 29 September. According to the Treaty of Schwedt on 6 October, Menschikov was paid his war costs by Prussia, and Stettin was occupied by Holstein and Brandenburg troops.
On 12 June 1714, king Friedrich Wilhelm I of Brandenburg-Prussia concluded a treaty with the Russian Empire confirming her gains in Swedish Ingermanland, Karelia and Estonia, and in turn received Russian confirmation of his gains in southern Swedish Pomerania.
On 22 November 1714, King Charles XII of Sweden returned from Turkey to lead the Swedish defense in Pomerania in person. In turn, Holstein's forces in Stettin were arrested as a Swedish ally by Prussia. In February 1715, Charles seized Wolgast in an advance to reestablish Swedish control in Western Pomerania.
On 1 May 1715, Prussia officially declared war on Sweden. In the same month, Hanover and Denmark joined the Russian-Prussian treaty of 1714. The allied forces subsequently occupied all of Pomerania except for Stralsund. In the Battle of Stralsund Charles XII of Sweden led the defense until 22 December 1715, when he evacuated to Lund.
In the Treaty of Stockholm, concluded on 21 January 1720, Prussia was allowed to retain its conquest, including Stettin. By this, Sweden ceded the parts east of the Oder River that had been won in 1648 as well as Western Pomerania south of the Peene river (Old Western Pomerania or "Altvorpommern") and the islands of Wollin and Usedom to Brandenburg-Prussia in turn for a 2 million Taler payment.
The capital was then moved to Stettin.
Seven Years' War.
After the Battle of Zorndorf in 1759 (Seven Years' War), Russian troops made their way into Pomerania and laid a siege on Kolberg. When Kolberg withstood, the Russian troops ravaged Farther Pomerania. Sweden and Russia invaded Brandenburgian Pomerania throughout the years 1760 and 1761. Kolberg was again made a target, withstood a second siege, but not the third one in 1761. In the winter of the same year, the Russian troops made Farther Pomerania their winter refuge. In 1762, Prussia made peace with Sweden and Russia.
Brandenburgian Pomerania was left ravaged and the civilian death toll amounted to 72,000.
Administration.
The Swedish forces left Kolberg and were replaced by Brandenburgian troops on 6 June 1653. Three days later, the prince elector called the nobility to assemble at a Landtag in Stargard, that constituted on 19 July 1654, to decide on the further administrative system of the province.
Regimentsverfassung ("regime constitution") of 1654.
The Landtag decrees along with a constitution ("Regimentsverfassung") were issued on 11 July 1654.
Kolberg was made the new capital. Troops were to be permanently garrisoned in the town, this was to be paid for by the province. The province was to be governed by a "Regierung" (government, led by a president and a chancellor, four other members, general administration, in charge of the police, border patrol, enforcement of ducal rights), a "Kammer" (chamber, also "Amtskammer"), a "Rentei", for administration of the domains), a "Hofgericht" (court) and a "Konsistorium" (ecclesiastical administration). The first president was Ewald von Kleist. Because the president was also occupied with diplomatic missions and representation of the province in Berlin, the chancellor was instead supervising the province's administration.
The province was divided into seven knightly districts, also the territories of eight local noble houses (Flemming, Borcke, Wedel, Dewitz, Osten-Blücher, Manteuffel and Glasenapp, so-called "schloßgesessene Familien", i.e. palace-owning families), and the County of Naugard. Furthermore, there were the ducal domains ("Amt") Kolbatz, Friedrichswalde, Marienfließ, Treptow, Stolp and Rügenwalde, and the towns of Pyritz, Stargard, Treptow an der Rega, Greifenberg, Belgard, Neustettin, Schlawe, Stolp, Rügenwalde, Kolberg and Köslin. The secularized territory of the Kammin diocese ("Stift Cammin") had a separate status.
The population was represented in the "Landständische Vertretung" by 25 "Landrat" officials. The knightly districts assigned nine, the noble families six, the towns five and Stift Cammin also five. The prince-elector had to approve the assignments.
Military administration.
Brandenburg-Prussia set up a combined military institution, the war commissionary for her Pomeranian province and Neumark. It was led by Wedego von Bonin as the kriegskommissar. Initially only active during wartime, it became a permanent institution in 1660. The Kriegskommissariat was subject only to the prince-elector (later king) and not to the provincial government. It was represented in the urban communities by "Steuerkommissar" and in the rural districts by "Kriegskommissar" (later "Kreisdirektor") officials. These commissioners collected contributions (war tax) and supervised garrison. Tus, the Kriegskommisariat became a central institution in the province's financial and economical administration.
Administrative reform of 1714.
In 1714, the former position of "Landrat" was abolished, and replaced with that of "Prussian Landrat". The office was assigned to the former Kreisdirektor. Already before the reform, the positions of Kreisdirektor (initially Kriegskommissar) and Landrat of a district had often been held by the same man.
Administrative reform of 1722.
Based on an order of Prussian king Frederick William I, Amtskammer and Kriegskommissariat were fused into the "Kriegs- und Domänenkammer" (war and domain chamber), in 1722. This new chamber moved from Stargard, which had been capital since 1668, to Stettin, which had been acquired by Prussia and merged into the Pomeranian province in 1720. The chamber was responsible for all administrative fields of the province except for justice (that was within the responsibility of the government and the court) and ecclesial administration (handled by the Konsistorium). A second chamber (though under superiority of the Stettin chamber) was set up in 1764 in Köslin for the eastern districts.
Administrative and military reform of 1733.
On 15 September 1733, Prussian king Frederick William I ordered another administrative reform. The most important change was the application of the "Kantonsreglement" order. This order split the province into small military districts ("Kanton") based on the civilian ones. All peasants of a canton were enrolled by the Prussian army, and assigned to the Prussian infantry units "Infanterieregiment 7, 8, 17, 22" or "30", or the cavalry units "Dragonerregiment 1, 2" or "5". The enrollment did not depend on actual warfare, but was permanent. Also, the rural nobility was enlisted into the army as potential officers. Those chosen (by the king himself) for a military career were trained in Berlin, and received not only military, but a broad education.
Rebuilding and Inner Colonisation of Prussian Pomerania.
After the great losses of the previous wars, Prussia began rebuilding and resettling her war-torn province in 1718. Programs were devised for financial aid to rebuild houses, e.g. people were paid 23% of a house's cost if they built it with fire-proof material, and vacant residential areas were granted rent free to those willing to erect buildings. There were also cases where those building a house were granted free citizenship, were exonerated from garrison duties, or were given the necessary timber for free. Also, public buildings were renewed or built new by the Prussian administration.
Swamps in the Randowbruch and Uckermark regions were drained and settled with colonists from the Low Countries from 1718. In 1734 part of this region became therefore known as "Royal Holland". Dutch colonists were also settled in other parts of Pomerania. Also, Protestants from the otherwise Catholic Salzburg region arrived Prussia via the Pomeranian ports. While most went on to settle in other parts of Prussia, some settled in Pomerania.
To improve access to the port of Stettin, the Swine river was deepened and Swinemünde was founded on the river's mouth in 1748. A similar project in Stolp failed due to financial shortfalls.
Throughout the 1750s, the vast Oderbruch swamps were drained to provide farmland.
King Frederick the Great appointed Franz Balthasar von Brenckenhoff to rebuild the war-torn Prussian portion of Pomerania. Even before the Seven Years' War, the Inner Colonisation of Farther Pomerania had been begun by prince Moritz of Anhalt-Dessau. Brenckenhoff, after providing some humanitarian aid in 1763 (especially horses and wheat from the military and money for seed and life stock), introduced programs for financial aid, tax reduction, and low-rate credits and thus managed to have most of the farms that had been destroyed rebuild in 1764.
In the years following, new farmland was made available by clearance of woodlands and draining of swamps (e.g. Thurbruch, Plönebruch, Schmolsiner Bruch) and lakes (e.g. Madüsee, Neustettiner See) as well as levee construction at some rivers (e.g. Ihna, Leba).
To compensate for the wartime population losses, new colonists were attracted. In the 1740s, colonists were invited from the Palatinate, Württemberg, Mecklenburg and Bohemia. Most came from the Palatinate, while the Bohemians soon returned to their homeland as a result of housing shortages. In 1750, recruitment of settlers started in Danzig, Elbing, Warsaw, Augsburg, Frankfurt am Main, Nuremberg, Hamburg and Brussels. Protestant craftsmen from Roman Catholic Poland settled in the towns. The colonists were freed of certain taxes and services such as military service. Between 1740 and 1784, 26,000 colonists arrived in Prussian Pomerania, and 159 new villages were founded. Most colonists originated in the Palatinate, Mecklenburg and Poland.
In 1786, the population of Prussian Pomerania (Farther Pomerania and Western Pomerania south of the Peene river) reached 438,700.
Napoleonic Wars.
After Prussia lost the Battle of Jena-Auerstedt in late 1806, French troops marched north into the Pomeranian province. Fortified Stettin surrendered without battle, and the province became occupied by the French forces. Only fortified Kolberg resisted, and the French laid siege in March 1807. Ferdinand von Schill was among the defendants. The siege was not successful and was lifted only when Prussia surrendered to Napoleon Bonaparte in the Peace of Tilsit on 2 July.
The terms of surrender included high war contributions (25,000,000 Taler from the Province of Pomerania alone). The agreed on withdrawal of the French troops was delayed repeatedly. In November 1808, the French troops left the province except for Stettin, which forced the provincial government to move to Stargard in 1809. The Kriegs- und Domänenkammer was renamed Royal-Prussian government ("Königlich Preußische Regierung"), while the former government ("Regierung") was renamed Supreme State Court ("Oberlandesgericht").
The reforms of vom Stein (1807) and Karl August von Hardenberg (1811) abolished serfdom.
In 1812, French troops invaded Swedish Pomerania, and also occupied Prussian Pomerania again. The Prussian troops took quarter in Kolberg. After Ludwig Yorck von Wartenburg, who commanded a Prussian corps with a significant Pomeranian share, had left the coalition with France in the Convention of Tauroggen of 30 December 1812, the Prussian military called the Pomeranians to arms in February 1813. Also in February, Russian troops reached Farther Pomerania. In March, all French forces left Pomerania, except for Stettin, which was held by the French until 5 December 1813. After the war, Prussia after diplomatic efforts of Hardenberg in the Congress of Vienna gained Swedish Pomerania by paying 2,6 million Taler to Denmark and granting her the Duchy of Lauenburg, and paying an additional 3,5 million Taler to Sweden on 7 June 1815. On 23 October, Swedish Pomerania was merged into the Prussian province, both now constituting the Province of Pomerania.

</doc>
<doc id="20342184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342184" title="Mariana Mihajlović">
Mariana Mihajlović

Mariana Mihajlović (born 1990 in Plavnica, Montenegro) is beauty pageant contestant who won Miss Montenegro 2008 and represented her country in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She did not place in the top fifteen.

</doc>
<doc id="20342189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342189" title="Dragon slayer (disambiguation)">
Dragon slayer (disambiguation)

Dragon slayer, or similar, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20342193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342193" title="ATP World Tour 250 series">
ATP World Tour 250 series

The ATP World Tour 250 series is the newest series for tennis tournaments of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) from the 2009 ATP World Tour. It is the lowest tier of events on the tour, and is a continuation of the ATP International Series.
The series includes 40 tournaments, with a number of 250 rankings points to win for the events' singles champions –which accounts for the name of the series. Draws are either consisted of 28, 32, 48, or 56 for singles and 16 and 24 for doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="20342211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342211" title="Godfrey Winham">
Godfrey Winham

Godfrey Winham (December 11, 1934--April 26, 1975) was an English-born music theorist and composer of contemporary classical music who moved to the United States.
While in the UK, Winham studied with Hans Keller, and contributed brief reviews and structural summaries of new works to "The Music Review".
In 1956 he married the singer and contemporary music specialist Bethany Beardslee. He received his B.A. (1956), M.F.A. (1956), and Ph.D. (1965) all at Princeton University and remained there after his graduation as a lecturer and research associate in the field of computer-generated electronic sound. During the 1960s he was an influential figure in American music theory circles, even though his list of publication was not extensive. His large collection of mostly unpublished documents and papers is held at Princeton University.

</doc>
<doc id="20342230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342230" title="Deroche, British Columbia">
Deroche, British Columbia

Deroche is a farming and railway community on the Canadian Pacific Railway and BC Highway 7 located approximately 110 km east of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Deroche is adjacent to the eastern end of Nicomen Island, from which it is separated by the Nicomen Slough (NB a different location 3 km away was known as Deroche Landing). The community is at the foot of Nicomen Mountain and is immediately across the river from Chilliwack Mountain. The population of Deroche is about 148. 
Name origin.
The original name of Deroche was Derocier, but the local CPR station was given the current name to honour Joseph Deroche, who settled there in the early 1880s and had to BC from California in 1860 during the gold rush. Deroche died on March 19, 1922, age 99, and some of his descendants still live in the area.
Services.
In addition to a store and garage and other small commercial enterprises, Deroche has an elementary school which is part of British Columbia School District No. 75 (Mission).
The Deroche water system service area was established in 1992 by the Dewdney-Alouette Regional District, and later became a Fraser Valley Regional District service area after reorganization of regional district boundaries. The water system serves the community of Deroche, which is in Electoral Area G of the regional district. The system was originally operated as a private water system under a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity, and was taken over by DARD in 1993. At that time, Deroche Creek was used as the source, but several debris flow incidents within the watershed severely affected the creek, causing interruptions of supply as well as several water quality challenges for the system. As a result, in 1999-2000 several upgrades to the system were carried out. The system was changed over to a groundwater well source, dramatically improving water quality and supply reliability.

</doc>
<doc id="20342235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342235" title="Marelize Robberts">
Marelize Robberts

Martha Elizabeth “Marelize” Robberts (born 1987) is a beauty pageant contestant who won the title of Miss Namibia 2008 and represented Namibia in Miss World 2008 in South Africa and in Miss Universe 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20342258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342258" title="2009 in Iraqi football">
2009 in Iraqi football

National Team.
Four Nations Tournament.
Four nations tournament, hosted in the UAE. Two semi-finals, winners advance to the final.
Domestic Clubs International Participitations.
2009 AFC Cup.
Iraq was excluded from the AFC Champions League due to not fulfilling the AFC demand of having a fully professional league. Hence, the Iraqi clubs relegated to the AFC Cup with having 2 seats to participate in. The 2007–08 Iraqi Premier League's Champion (Arbil FC) and runners-up (Al-Zawraa) will participate this season.

</doc>
<doc id="20342263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342263" title="Azerbaijan–Switzerland relations">
Azerbaijan–Switzerland relations

Azerbaijani–Swiss relations are foreign relations between Azerbaijan and Switzerland. Azerbaijan has an embassy in Bern as does Switzerland in Baku. Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE).
Economic cooperation.
In November 1998, delegates of the two countries met and agreed to improve and expand their economic relations and the Swiss Government agreed to give a $US 50 million credit to Azerbaijan.
Switzerland considers Azerbaijan an important country for economic development cooperation according to the Swiss State Secretariat for Economic Affairs 
The Azeri president has stressed the importance of the ties between the two nations.
An intergovernmental agreement on trade and economic cooperation was signed in Baku in October 2000. 
The Swiss Foreign Affairs minister visited the Azeri President in February 2006, where the two stressed the importance of their relationship. During this visit, the focus was primarily on economic cooperation, however, the minister raised the issue of Azerbaijan's conflict with Armenia This was followed by a visit by the Swiss Energy Minister in October 2007, after which an energy agreement was signed.
Further emphasis was placed on the relationship and further development made in a visit by the Swiss foreign affairs minister to Baku in May 2009, where his Azeri counterpart said his country placed "great importance to boosting cooperation with Switzerland" and expressed hopes of deepening the existing bilateral ties.
European Union.
Switzerland has had a role in developing relations between Azerbaijan and the European Union, with Swiss officials advocating closer ties between the EU and Azerbaijan in order to provide energy security for Europe. Switzerland has also provided 'neutral ground' for Azeri officials to meet with delegates of Western organisations and governments.

</doc>
<doc id="20342270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342270" title="Dick Packer">
Dick Packer

Dick Packer was a U.S. soccer center forward who was a member of the U.S. team at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He was a two time First Team All American at Penn State and played over ten seasons in the American Soccer League.
Packer grew up in Newtown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania. He attended the George School where he played soccer, basketball and baseball. In 1952, the Penn State University soccer coach, Bill Jeffrey, recruited Packer. He entered Penn State on a full athletic scholarship, playing both baseball, as a center fielder and shortstop, as well as center forward on the soccer team. At the time, collegiate rules prohibited freshmen from playing intercollegiate sports. Consequently, he played on the varsity soccer team from 1953 to 1955. His junior season, he dropped baseball and concentrated on soccer for his last two seasons at Penn State. In 1954, Penn State won the national college championship and shared the 1955 title with Brockport University. Packer was named to the 1954 and 1955 first team All American team. Despite playing only three seasons and twenty-four games, he scored 53 goals, a school record which stood until broken by Stuart Reid in 1995. 
In December 1955, he joined the Uhrik Truckers of the American Soccer League. By that time, he had been selected for the U.S. Olympic Soccer team as it prepared for the 1956 Summer Olympics. In order to maintain his amateur, he played without pay with Truckers. The Truckers won the 1955-1956 ASL championship with Packer coming off the bench and scoring two goals in the title game. Packer graduated from Penn State in 1956 with a bachelor’s degree in hotel administration. That summer, he went to the Summer Olympics, but did not play in the team’s only game, a 9-1 loss to Yugoslavia.
During his college years, he had attended ROTC and after graduation, he was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Air Force. Packer separated from the Air Force in 1959. He rejoined Uhrik and would play with the team until at least 1968. He also worked in the travel industry. He has also run soccer camps for over thirty years.

</doc>
<doc id="20342276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342276" title="Agreement on Ending the War and Restoring Peace in Vietnam">
Agreement on Ending the War and Restoring Peace in Vietnam

The Agreement on Ending the War and Restoring Peace in Vietnam (also, "Paris Accords") arranged a settlement which ended direct military involvement by the United States and resulted in a temporary ceasefire, the end of the Vietnam War occurring two years later. The agreement was reached at the end of the Paris Peace Accords on January 27, 1973. Like the Geneva Agreements, it mandated "free and democratic general elections under international supervision." Henry Kissinger and Le Duc Tho were awarded the 1973 Nobel Peace Prize for their efforts as primary negotiators of the Agreement. Tho refused to accept it. America's withdrawal brought an end to foreign involvement in the country of Vietnam for the first time in 114 years, since the first incursions by the French in 1858.
Subsequent to the agreement.
The war began after the RVN's refusal to hold elections, and the Hanoi government exploited its military advantage in the power vacuum created by the withdrawal of the United States, rather than giving its adversary a vote that it had itself been denied. Conflict resumed early in 1975, the People's Army of Viet Nam (PAVN) entering Saigon on April 30, 1975.
Full text of the agreement can be seen at the Wikisource article 

</doc>
<doc id="20342298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342298" title="Julius Ailio">
Julius Ailio

Julius Ailio (19 July 1872 in Loppi – 4 March 1933 in Helsinki) was a Finnish Social Democratic politician. He was a member of the Senate of Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20342300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342300" title="Carmen Kool">
Carmen Kool

Carmen Selina Kool (born 15 March 1986, Bilthoven) is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Netherlands in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She has completed an International Baccalaureate and has pursued a media-focused career.

</doc>
<doc id="20342330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342330" title="Kasten Antell">
Kasten Antell

Kasten Antell (May 12, 1845, Helsinki – July 20, 1906) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Senate of Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20342348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342348" title="The Sevens (stadium)">
The Sevens (stadium)

7he Sevens Stadium is a purpose-built rugby sevens stadium in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The Sevens Stadium is a venue for rugby, soccer, Gaelic football, Australian football (Aussie rules), netball, basketball, cricket, tennis, track and field, and concerts.
The Sevens is located at the intersection of the Dubai-Al Ain Road (E66) and the Jebel Ali-Lahbab Road (E77) and the complex offers parking for around 15,000 vehicles. 
Facilities at The Sevens include: seven rugby/football pitches, six cricket pitches (3 grass (1 floodlit) 3 subkha), four netball/tennis courts, one basketball court, a grandstand, and international-standard ancillary facilities ideal for sports events. All courts and pitches are floodlit.
It was the venue for the first HSBC A5N Youth Rugby Festival in February 2009 and for the second round of the HSBC Sevens World Series 2011/2012.
Rod Stewart played at the stadium on March 7,2010 during his Soulbook Tour.
Duran Duran performed at the stadium on March 8, 2012.
Justin Bieber has performed at the stadium on May 4 and May 5, 2013, as part of his Believe Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20342360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342360" title="1927–28 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1927–28 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1927-28 campaign was the last season of Town's true dominance of English football. They finished 2nd behind Everton, although if they had won all their last 3 games, they would have won the title, but they only beat Portsmouth and lost Sheffield United and Aston Villa. They also reached their 3rd FA Cup Final, losing to Blackburn Rovers in controversial circumstances.
Review.
Town's team of the mid 1920s were all-conquering, almighty and described as the best team in the world. Just 1 season after relinquishing their championship title, but they were still a formidable force in the 1st Division. This was proven by their record 8-2 win over Cardiff City in October and the 7-1 win over Sheffield United in November. George Brown still continued his goalscoring exploits by scoring 35 goals during the season, including 27 in the league. They were still in the hunt for the title until late April. They needed to win their last 3 games to have a realistic chance of reclaiming their title, but defeats to Sheffield United and Aston Villa made the win over Portsmouth irrelevant. They missed out on the championship by 2 points to Everton.

</doc>
<doc id="20342364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342364" title="The Colour of Money (game show)">
The Colour of Money (game show)

The Colour of Money was a British game show, broadcast on ITV between 21 February and 11 April 2009. The programme was produced by 12 Yard, and hosted by Chris Tarrant and Millie Clode. The format was originally devised by Paul Brassey and Daniel Moody in 2006, and developed by Jim Cannon, Andy Culpin, Samuel Pollard and David Young.
A total of eight episodes were produced but only seven of these were broadcast, due to poor viewing figures. Subsequently, the programme was axed by ITV on 12 June 2009. The game-show later survived as a board game manufactured by games-giant Drummond Park.
Format.
In the studio, are twenty stylised "cash machines", each with a different coloured screen (hence the title of the show). Before each game, each machine is loaded with a different amount of money. These amounts range from £1,000 to £20,000 in increments of £1,000. The contestant, hosts, audience and viewers are all unaware of which amount of money is in which machine.
At the beginning of the game, the contestant is given a choice of three "cash cards", each of which has been credited with a cash value from £50,000 to £100,000. The value on the card the contestant selects becomes their target for the game.
The contestant proceeds to select cash machines one at a time. At this point, the entire studio changes colour to the relevant colour that the contestant selects. The host starts each machine, at which point, the money inside begins counting upwards on the screen, at a rate of £1,000 per second. When this figure passes, the total amount that the machine contains it 'locks down', signified by an alarm and flashing screen. The contestant must stop each machine before it locks down by shouting the word "stop". If the contestant stops the machine, then, the amount displayed on the screen at that point is added to a running total. If, however, they fail to stop the machine before it locks down, then, no money is added to the total.
The contestant can select up to ten of the twenty machines. If they add enough money to their total to reach their target, then, they'll win the game, and get to take the money home. If they fail to reach their target after selecting ten machines, or if at any point in the game, it'll become mathematically impossible for them to do so, then, the game ends, and the contestant gets relegated from the show with nothing.
Co-host Millie Clode provided contestants with a statistical rundown between the machines being played – informing them of their running total, how much money they still needed to take, how many machines they could still select and how much money they needed to take, on average, from each of these remaining machines to reach their target.
Each episode of the show featured two consecutive games.
Series.
The series was filmed at The London Studios, with the first episode airing at 18:35 on Saturday, 21 February 2009. The second, third (postponed on Saturday, 7 March) and fourth episodes were broadcast at the slightly later time of 18:45. The fifth episode aired on Saturday, 28 March at 20:20. The sixth episode aired on Saturday, 4 April at 19:55. The seventh episode aired on Saturday, 11 April at 21:15. The eighth and final episode that was scheduled to air on 18 April was rescheduled for 29 December, but again was not shown.
Reception.
Ratings.
Episode viewing figures from BARB:
Prior to the show going on air, former ITV controller of Entertainment Duncan Gray, writing in "The Independent", suggested that ITV executives were hoping for an audience of around 5 million viewers.
Critical reaction.
The programme received a largely negative response from critics. "The Times" said that it was "tedious", while "The News of the World" branded it "exactly the kind of cynical crowd-pleasing guff we’ve come to despise ITV for". One of the few positive reviews came from Charlie Brooker, writing in "The Guardian", who called the show "so compelling, tense and yet ultimately random, it's likely to be a huge worldwide hit.". In his review of 2009, Brooker described this as the "most off-the-mark prediction" of the year. Readers of ukgameshows.com named it the worst new game show of 2009 in their "Hall of shame" poll.
Online game.
An online version of the game is available to UK residents. Targets in the online game range from £55,000 to £155,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20342366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342366" title="Juhani Arajärvi">
Juhani Arajärvi

Juhani Arajärvi (July 25, 1867, Urjala – November 13, 1941) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Senate of Finland. Arajärvi was Minister of Finance from 1917
to 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="20342372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342372" title="Kahurangi Taylor">
Kahurangi Taylor

Kahurangi Taylor is a beauty pageant contestant who represented New Zealand in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She was one of the 25 semifinalists in the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20342376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342376" title="Chilliwack Lake">
Chilliwack Lake

Chilliwack Lake is a lake in the upper basin of the Chilliwack River southeast of the city of the same name in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia, Canada. The lake, while entirely within Canada, is located just north of the border between British Columbia and the state of Washington and is both fed and drained by the Chilliwack River, which has its source in the North Cascades of Washington state, which surround the lake on all sides.
Parks and recreation.
Chilliwack Lake Provincial Park is located on the lake's shores on the Canadian end of the lake. At the south end of the lake, there is a large beach, often a partying location, where the at-this-point-slough-like Chilliwack River enters the far end of the lake. There is also a trail that leads into an old growth forest along the river above the lake. It starts near the lake's far end. If you head off trail and ford the river, you can find the difficult trail to Hanging Lake.
Road closures.
The road on the east side of the lake leading to its far end has been closed off to all but regular vehicles. ATVs and dirtbikes are not permitted on the road beyond the south boundary of Chilliwack Lake Provincial Park. In addition to that, the road has been decommissioned and gated at the bridge over Depot Creek due to vandalism at the far end of the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20342395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342395" title="Harold Foster Hallett">
Harold Foster Hallett

Harold Foster Hallet (1886 - 1966), - British philosopher, was born in 1886.
From 1904 to 1908 - shipyard of Messrs Young and Co at Poplar.
1908 - BSc in Engineering from the University of London.
In 1912 he gained an MA in Mental Philosophy from the University of Edinburgh.
In 1912-1916 - Lecturer in Logic, and Assistant in Logic and Metaphysics.
In 1915-1916 - Assistant in Moral Philosophy.
In 1919-1922 - Assistant Lecturer at the University of Leeds.
In 1922-1931 - Lecturer in Philosophy at the University of Leeds.
From 1931 to 1951 - Professor of Philosophy at King's College London.
In 1929-1935 Hallett - British Secretary of the Societas Spinoza.
In 1935-1945 - Chairman of the Board of Philosophical Studies at the University of London.
He is the author of numerous books and articles on philosophy

</doc>
<doc id="20342396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342396" title="Service Corporation of America">
Service Corporation of America

Service Corporation of America. (later known as SCA Services, Incorporated) was a Boston-based waste and environmental services company in North America. The company was later a subsidiary of Waste Management, Inc., active from 1970-1984.
History.
Early years.
SCA was unique in that it was not originally supposed to be a waste hauler. SCA was incorporated by Berton Steir as a diversified conglomerate, providing building maintenance, vending, food, travel, and waste disposal service. SCA's first acquisition was of seven vending companies, a building maintenance company, and a single waste hauler. By the time its stock was placed on the NYSE, it had decided to focus on waste disposal instead. Similar to many of the other firms around this time, it would purchase companies with its stock. In the early 1970s, SCA absorbed 87 independent contractors. As part of the deals, SCA would keep the current management in control. The Harvard-educated Steir naïvely acquired New Jersey trash companies, with disguised ownership, which subsequently caused SCA problems. Berton Steir left the company in 1976.
Mafia and Criminal Connections Emerge.
SCA was the first major trash hauler to enter New Jersey, which proved to be highly unstable for the company. To combat this, Tom Viola and his firm were enlisted to soften up the market. Viola also brought his criminal connections with him, but despite this, he was made SCA's vice president.
Another waste hauler, based out of Utica, New York, was owned by Anthony Bentro. Anthony was infamous for his connections to Anthony Provenzano, a mobster linked with plots to murder Fidel Castro, John F. Kennedy and Jimmy Hoffa. Months after Hoffa's assassination, prominent members of SCA's New York team were indicted for planning a $300,000 kickback to mobsters and Teamsters.
Continued Expansion.
SCA had grown to become the third largest waste hauler amidst all this internal turmoil. Its territory stretched from Boston, Massachusetts, all the way to California. By 1976, its sales were $660,000,000 dollars, including all of its subsidiaries. SCA's fleet of garbage trucks had swelled to 1,800 in 90 cities. It had 39 landfills, 100 municipal contracts, 110,000 commercial accounts and 100,000 dumpsters. SCA's data center in Somerville, MA provided information technology ("IT") services to its haulers, many of which had no IT capability prior to acquisition by SCA in the 1980s.
Hazardous Waste Activities.
SCA had begun to diversify into the world of hazardous wastes. It owned sites in five states. One of these dumps in Niagara Falls, New York, near the infamous Love Canal site, became a local terror. Lagoons of industrial waste would emerge during rainstorms, and highway officials reported of numerous explosions and fires. A 1976 incident was described as sending flames and exploding drums 80 feet in the air. Continued public protest made SCA prefer incineration of toxic wastes to landfill burial. These efforts appeared to pay off when President Carter banned hazardous waste burial, but the Reagan administration quickly reversed these policies.
The Fall Of SCA.
The company's criminal connections would become known after the murder of several independent contractors who had challenged SCA in New Jersey. Immediately afterwards, the towns reverted to SCA's services. In response to these accusations, SCA tried to dispose of all of its New Jersey operations, but couldn't find a buyer. Due to the numerous troubles that Tom Viola had gotten the company into, he resigned in 1981. Viola was replaced by a far more reputable business leader, Henry Russell. In one of the strangest alliances in the company's history, SCA joined the Environmental Defense Fund to reinstate the ban of hazardous waste dumping. But these moves just forestalled SCA's inevitable demise.
BFI Vs. Waste Management.
Houston based Browning-Ferris Industries attempted to swallow the company whole in 1982. Many inside the company questioned if this would work. SCA had rejected an offer by Waste Management in 1977, and this was no different. What would have amounted to an $210 million deal, was rejected by the company. Canadian waste hauler Laidlaw was going to purchase SCA, but the various scandals and criminal connections that the company had deterred the company from pursuing mergers. Through a subsidiary, 60 percent of SCA was purchased by Waste Management, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="20342397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342397" title="Arthur Brofeldt">
Arthur Brofeldt

Arthur Brofeldt (January 27, 1868, Taipalsaari – August 27, 1928) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Senate of Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20342427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342427" title="American Eagle (comics)">
American Eagle (comics)

American Eagle, in comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20342436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342436" title="Judith Wilson">
Judith Wilson

Judith Ingrid Wilson is a beauty pageant contestant who won Miss Northern Ireland 2008 and represented the province in Miss World 2008 in Johannesburg, South Africa. She is a graduate of The Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama, where her first study instruments were double bass and piano. She is from Enniskillen, County Fermanagh.

</doc>
<doc id="20342445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342445" title="Jamal Rashid">
Jamal Rashid

Jamal Rashid Rahman commonly known as Jamal Rashid (; born 7 November 1988) is a Bahraini footballer who plays for Al-Nahda Club in the Omantel Professional League. 

</doc>
<doc id="20342453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342453" title="Arthur Castrén">
Arthur Castrén

Arthur Castrén (June 10, 1866, Turtola – June 29, 1946, Jakobstad) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Senate of Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20342454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342454" title="2010 Winter Olympics torch relay route">
2010 Winter Olympics torch relay route

The route of the 2010 Winter Olympics torch relay carried the torch through over 1000 communities across Canada, visiting different locations from October 30, 2009 to its final stop at BC Place in Vancouver, British Columbia on February 12, 2010.
Route in Greece.
Route in Greece as follow.
October 22 (day 1)
October 23 (day 2)
October 24 (day 3)
October 25 (day 4)
October 26 (day 5)
October 27 (day 6)
October 28 (day 7)
October 29 (day 8)

</doc>
<doc id="20342464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342464" title="Chilliwack Mountain">
Chilliwack Mountain

Chilliwack Mountain is a small mountain rising from the floodplain of the Fraser River in the city of Chilliwack, British Columbia, Canada. Located on the south side of the Fraser opposite the north side community of Deroche, it lies just west of the downtown of Chilliwack and to the east of Greendale, a rural neighbourhood of Chilliwack near its western boundary. Mostly forested, the mountain has become the site of upscale real estate development which was approved by the City of Chilliwack Council in the Chilliwack Mountain Comprehensive Development Plan of 1996 for the development of a suburban community scenario that would lead to a build-out population of 4,500, or 1,700 dwelling units.
The report addresses environmentally and geotechnically sensitive areas that need to be treated with due care.

</doc>
