<doc id="20525489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525489" title="Mirror Image Inc.">
Mirror Image Inc.

Mirror Image Inc, a Pawtucket, Rhode Island based company that screenprints on garments and tote bags. The company's innovative screenprinting techniques have won every major award in the printing industry involving difficult photographic reproduction and special effects printing. In addition to the awards for exceptional productivity and talent, the company (as well as its owner, Rick Roth) have also gained national attention and accolades for their charitable work and community involvement.
History.
Mirror Image was founded in 1989, by Rick Roth, a self-taught screen printer. He majored in philosophy and religion and graduated with honors from Colgate University, and later continued his studies at Harvard Divinity School.
Roth's first commercial job was helping a friend print a yellow shirt with green ink that said “Fed on Zinke’s Corn.” Roth went on to print thousands of shirts with homemade equipment, primarily the designs of his friend Ken Brown. His first popular print were caricatures by Brown. One was called "Ike and Tina" but it was Eisenhower and Tina Turner and another was "Steve and Idi" Steve Lawrence and not Edie Gorme, but rather Idi Amin. He hand stretched screens, made an exposure unit from a light bulb and pie plate, and printed by eye without the benefit of even a handpress. He eventually went to work at the Somerville Media Action Project (SMAP), a youth program that also did simple screenprinting. Roth went on to work with Mel King as Project Manager of the Youth Entrepreneurial Development Project (YEDP). At night he would still print shirts on the simple equipment at SMAP. Eventually he left YEDP and when SMAP closed its doors they eventually sold him its screen printing equipment. Upon buying the equipment, Roth formed the company Mirror Image with one employee. When it grew to three workers the workers, with encouragement from Roth, signed a contract with the United Auto Workers and remain unionized to this day. The name of the company Mirror Image was actually chosen by the first employee. After 11 months their landlord sold the building they occupied in Somerville, MA and they moved to an old steel warehouse in Cambridge. 
In the 1980s Mirror Image's screen printing expertise grew, particularly reproducing photographs. Roth and his part-time employee Colin Cheer did something that was innovative at the time – they used four screens to print a black-and-white photograph. They also began to do primitive multichannel color separations, going beyond the usual CMYK to using two cyan screens and two magenta screens to control the full color prints. These separations were done using a stat camera and contact frame and using actual "screens". They then took advantage of advancing technology and using the earliest Apple computers and earliest versions of Photoshop they created "simulated" process separations. These were photographic reproductions using halftones but using colors chosen from each printed piece, not the usual CMYK. 
During the 90s, the company, despite having a clientele with mostly small print runs of difficult prints, was turning out nearly a million shirts a year (with only a single eight-hour shift per day) and won numerous awards despite being a relatively small business. 
Because of their growing reputation and expertise, Mirror Image was invited by the manufacturer of the press they used, MHM Screen Printing, to do testimonial ads and represent the company at domestic and international trade shows. At these shows, Mirror Image would create a technically difficult design, which was printed by Mirror Image staff in the MHM booth during the show. At this time MHM was having marketing issues having been seen by many as selling a press that was not supposed to be good at printing on dark shirts (which is more technically difficult than printing on white shirts). Mirror Image deliberately engineered designs that then would then, right on the trade show floor, be printed on dark shirts. This was so impressive that at the international printing exposition FESPA in 1996 at Lyons, France more than 100 people would be standing in the booth at a time watching the press print. 
By 1999 Mirror Image was forced to move due to escalating rents in the Greater Boston Area. Mirror Image and 18 of 23 employees then moved to RI to a space in Pawtucket where the shop still resides today. 
With Mirror Image's reputation for doing photographs on t-shirts firmly established, Mirror Image began expanding to a new area of technical expertise, branching out into special effects printing, including stunning work using high-density jobs. Examples of some of his more innovative pieces were printing brand-name beer bottles that looked like photographs with water droplets that looked real. Mirror Image working closely with designer/printer KC Hruby also developed a technique to screen print what looked exactly like masking tape. In fact, people would try to peel the tape off the shirt it looked so real. This led to Mirror Image printing fashion work for companies such as Burton, Akademiks, Rocawear, Wrangler and Subware in addition to custom work for museums; big-name clients like Boston Beer Company (makers of Sam Adams Beer),; and hot-market printing for events like the Super Bowl that garnered Mirror Image local TV coverage. Mirror Image also began doing contract work for promotional products distributors, under the name Monkey Fish Printing. 
Mirror Image’s reputation as a union shop that treats its employees well also has earned it jobs doing non-profit and political work. Mirror Image has done work for Oxfam America, the Green Party, Amnesty International, Students for a Free Tibet, Music Makers Foundation, New Orleans Musicians Clinic, and Farm Aid.
Awards.
2005: Mirror Image's "Blueprint & Car" T-shirt was named First Place of the 2005 IMPRESSIONS Awards, Category: Simulated process color with gel effects
Honorable Mention, Category:Simulated Process Color Screen Printing, IMPRESSIONS Awards: "Rocawear Biggie” printed by Mirror Image
Honorable Mention, Category:Special Effects Screen Printing, IMPRESSIONS Awards: "Monkeyfish Masking Tape” printed by Mirror Image
2004: Mirror Image's "Allen Iverson Photo" T-shirt was named Grand Champion of the 2004 IMPRESSIONS Awards, which were judged at the Dallas Imprinted Sportswear Sept. 10-12.
Mirror Image also took home first place in the Special Effects and Simulated Process categories.
These awards have set the standard for more than 25 years for showcasing the best decorating this industry has to offer. 
2001: The 2001 IMPRESSIONS Decorator of the Year Award honors Roth, who has devoted more than 25 years of his life to screen printing His creativity, technical developments, continuous business growth, and community-minded approach have made an indelible mark on the industry.
1994: Grand-prize winner of Screenplay's 1994 Terrific T-Shirt Contest, for high-quality fine-art printing. 
Humanitarian Efforts.
While Mirror Image has earned considerable respect within the industry for its exceptional productivity and talent, the company also has gained attention and accolades for its constant nonprofit work and community involvement. Roth has a reputation for achieving his business goals while staying true to his values: He runs a union shop, offers competitive wages and has fully paid for employees health insurance, hires people from all walks of life and countries of origin, and takes up myriad social and political causes on the side.
“We do a lot of human rights-related work because I’m interested in it,” including work for Amnesty International, Farm Aid and Oxfam, says Roth, who serves on the board of directors of Students for a Free Tibet.
Roth also steers clients toward using U.S.-made products, or at least garments from overseas manufacturers that he considers more ethical than average. “I just try to have as much influence as possible,” he says. “I wouldn’t print on a shirt that came from Burma, for instance. That’s a horrible place.”
Although almost all of Mirror Image’s nonprofit work is done for free, at cost or with some type of discount, it still serves a legitimate business purpose: The projects allow the staff to be highly creative compared to some of the company’s better-paying gigs. However, Roth’s real motivation has nothing to do with business.
“Less often than you might think does anybody send us real jobs just because they saw that we helped somebody else out,” he says. “But you’re just supposed to do good things in this world.”
Other Efforts include:
For the past 10 years, Rick Roth has organized a fund-raising event at the Specialty Graphic Imaging (SGIA) Expo. Screen printed T-shirts were produced right on the show floor and sold to attendees. Roth then made arrangements with Kevin Aucoin, a local musician and manager of a chain record store in New Orleans, to sell the remaining shirts. Total revenues generated from the combined shows have surpassed $100,000.
Roth coordinated the creation of a retail Web site designed to raise money for schools to be built in Pakistan in the name of slain child labor activist Iqbal Masih. Since its inception, the Web site has raised more than $150,000. He has been a part of this project for the past eight years and continues to maintain the Web site as a revenue-generating source for the schools.
Mirror Image is the proud sponsor of the Pawtucket Film Festival, which was founded by Rick Roth nine years ago. This is a nationally and internationally acclaimed event that has brought the arts to the former mill town of Pawtucket that is trying to re-invent itself as artist-friendly.
The most recent research and development project right now at Mirror Image is coming up with a way to recycle inks, which normally have to be disposed of through waste control. The company also is working on a prototype of an organic edible ink that can be used to print T-shirts.

</doc>
<doc id="20525496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525496" title="All for a Song">
All for a Song

All for a Song is a 1982 album by Barbara Dickson. The album was made up of mostly new recordings but included four of her past hits.
Background.
Following the success of her 1980 album, but relative failure of her next album, Epic Records decided to take no chances with this release and included four of her past hits on the collection and backed it up with a TV advertising campaign. This resulted in "All for a Song" becoming the most successful album of Dickson's career. The album peaked at No.3 in the UK and spent most of the year in the charts, eventually selling over 600,000 copies in the UK alone.
Past singles included on the album were "Answer Me", "Another Suitcase in Another Hall", "Caravan Song" and "January February", while contemporary singles released from the album were "Run Like the Wind", "Take Good Care" and "I Believe in You". This was the first album to include "Caravan Song", which had been released in 1979 and was one of Dickson's most well-known songs. "Run Like the Wind" had originally been written by Mike Batt for the film "Watership Down", but was replaced by "Bright Eyes". 
The album cover proved to be a problem, when on doing research, the record company decided that cover photographs which featured a lot of blue didn't tend to sell well and despite the fact that the album sleeves had already been printed, they were rejected in favour of an alternative shot featuring warmer shades ("see illustrations, right"). The rejected covers were instead sold in Scotland and Ireland.
The album was largely recorded in the Netherlands with producer Mike Batt. Alan Tarney, the producer of her previous two albums was only used on one new track, while Dickson herself produced covers of The Beatles tracks, "The Long and Winding Road" and "With a Little Help from My Friends".
"All for a Song" was released in the Netherlands as "I Believe in You". To date, the album has never been released on Compact disc, although many of the tracks have featured on compilations.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
Personnel.
Producers:

</doc>
<doc id="20525501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525501" title="Renaud of Roucy">
Renaud of Roucy

Renaud or Ragenold, Count of Roucy (b: abt 920 or 931 - d: 10 May 967). Known as a Viking who became the military chief of Reims after the restoration of Artald of Reims. He'd built a fort at Roucy between late 940s and early 950s and supported young King Lothair of France in the expedition at Aquitaine and the siege of Poitiers. Renaud became the Count of Roucy around or before 955 by King Lothair.
He married Alberade of Lorraine, daughter of Gilbert, Duke of Lorraine around 945 and had four children:
Renaud could have a brother named Dodo according to Flodoard, but it could be a name of place where Renaud's brother was located. Their parents are not known or recorded.
Renaud died in 10 May 967 and was buried at the Abbey of Saint-Remi.

</doc>
<doc id="20525508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525508" title="Ben Mandelson">
Ben Mandelson

Ben Mandelson (born 6 October 1953, Everton, Liverpool, England) is an English world musician, and also manager and producer.
Punk and New Wave years.
In mid-1970s he was a student in Bolton Institute of Technology (now Bolton University), where he met Howard Devoto, future Buzzcocks and Magazine frontman. When punk emerged, he formed a band called Amazorblades, being the group's guitarist.
In 1981, he joined Howard Devoto's Magazine, replacing Robin Simon (who previously replaced a solid member of that band, John McGeoch) and playing on their last album "Magic, Murder And The Weather".
World Music Years.
In 1982, as "Hijaz Mustapha" he started playing with Lu Edmonds aka Uncle Patrel Mustapha Bin Mustapha, which led to the formation of 3 Mustaphas 3, a band that was active throughout the 1980s and into the 1990s.
In 2009, together with Justin Adams and, again, Lu Edmonds, Mandelson formed the band Les Triaboliques and released their debut album "Rivermudtwilight".

</doc>
<doc id="20525523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525523" title="St. George's Greek Orthodox Church (Southbridge, Massachusetts)">
St. George's Greek Orthodox Church (Southbridge, Massachusetts)

St. George's Greek Orthodox Church is a historic Greek Orthodox Church building at 55 North Street Southbridge, Massachusetts. It is the oldest Orthodox church in the city, built in 1932 to serve the growing Greek immigrant population of the town. The community's first Greek church was built in 1910, but burned down. This church, built on land purchased from the Hamilton Woolen Mill, is typical of other Greek Orthodox churches built in central Massachusetts around that time. It has a number of Byzantine features, including Roman style round arch windows and doors. Its most notable Greek feature is the central part of the facade with its Classical triangular pediment with Corinthian columns.
The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20525539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525539" title="Ahmad Heryawan">
Ahmad Heryawan

H. Ahmad Heryawan (born 19 June 1966) is the current Governor of West Java Province. He was inaugurated in April 2008, after winning the West Java gubernatorial election in March 2008.
Ahmad Heryawan, together with his running mate Yusuf Macan Effendie ("also known as Dede Yusuf"), was the governor candidate from PKS (Prosperous Justice Party) and PAN (National Mandate Party) coalition, running the gubernatorial election against Agum Gumelar – Nu'man Abdul Hakim from PDIP and PPP coalition and Danny Setiawan – Iwan Ridwan Sulandjana from Golkar and PD coalition.
Before entering the gubernatorial election, Ahmad Heryawan was a member of Jakarta House of Representatives, taking position as one of the vice chairmen of the house.

</doc>
<doc id="20525542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525542" title="St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church-St. Mary's School (Southbridge, Massachusetts)">
St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church-St. Mary's School (Southbridge, Massachusetts)

St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church—St. Mary's School was a historic church at Hamilton and Pine Streets in Southbridge, Massachusetts.
The Greek Revival church was built in 1853 by Leonard Cutler and was added to the national Register of Historic Places in 1989. It was destroyed by fire in December 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20525556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525556" title="A. Kinney House">
A. Kinney House

The A. Kinney House is a historic house at 42 Edwards Street in Southbridge, Massachusetts. It is an excellent local example of a mid 19th century house with transitional Greek Revival and Italianate styling. Its basic form, a three wide, side hall layout, is classically Greek Revival, but its exterior includes Italianate details such as round-arch gable windows and bracketing in the cornice, gable and porch areas. Nothing is known of its owner, identified on period maps as A. Kinney.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20525579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525579" title="Bee Group Newspapers">
Bee Group Newspapers

Bee Group Newspapers are publishers of Western New York's leading suburban newspapers. It was founded in 1877. Bee Group Newspapers are the official newspapers for Erie County, New York and most area towns, villages, and school districts. The weekly readership is 175,672. All papers include local government news, their award-winning classified section, and special themed sections produced throughout the year. Bee Group Newspapers are members of the New York Press Association and the National Newspaper Association. High-traffic black boxes with "The Bee" logo in bright yellow are easy to locate and contain the free publications of the Bee Group Newspapers. In addition to the black boxes, there are more than 250 racks in high-traffic locations containing the newspapers. The Amherst Bee and Cheektowaga Bee are still paid circulation newspapers that are mail-delivered weekly to subscribers. Bee Group Newspapers will not deliver their newspapers into bushes, driveways or deliver the newspapers to people who do not wish to read them.
Bee Group Newspapers publishes nine weekly newspapers:
Amherst Bee.
Amherst Bee was founded in 1879. It is the flagship paper of Bee Group Newspapers. It is published every Wednesday. The Amherst Bee is free at over 150 locations in Amherst, New York. Amherst Bee celebrated their 125th year of publication in 2004.
Cheektowaga Bee.
Cheektowaga Bee was founded in 1977. It is free at over 100 locations in Cheektowaga, New York. Cheektowaga Bee celebrated their 25th anniversary of publication in 2002.
Lancaster Bee.
Lancaster Bee was founded in 1877 and has been in publication one year longer than Amherst Bee.
Clarence Bee.
Clarence Bee was founded in 1937. It is published every Wednesday.
Ken-Ton Bee.
Ken-Ton Bee was founded in 1982. It is published every Wednesday.
Orchard Park Bee.
Orchard Park Bee was founded in 1986. It is published every Thursday.
Depew Bee.
Depew Bee was founded in 1893. It is published every Thursday.
West Seneca Bee.
West Seneca Bee was founded in 1980. It is published every Thursday.
East Aurora Bee.
East Aurora Bee was founded in 1987. It is published every Thursday.

</doc>
<doc id="20525601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525601" title="Trail Making Test">
Trail Making Test

The Trail Making Test is a neuropsychological test of visual attention and task switching. It consists of two parts in which the subject is instructed to connect a set of 25 "dots" as fast as possible while still maintaining accuracy. It can provide information about visual search speed, scanning, speed of processing, mental flexibility, as well as executive functioning. It is also sensitive to detecting several cognitive impairments such as Alzheimer's disease and dementia.
History.
The test was used in 1944 for assessing general intelligence (and was part of the Army Individual Test of General Ability). Starting in the 1950s
Method and Interpretation.
The task requires a subject to 'connect-the-dots' of 25 consecutive targets on a sheet of paper or computer screen. There are two parts to the test: A, in which the targets are all numbers (1,2,3, etc.)and the test taker needs to connect them in sequential order, and B, in which the subject alternates between numbers and letters (1, A, 2, B, etc.). If the subject makes an error, the test administrator is to correct them before the subject moves on to the next dot.
The goal of the test is for the subject is to finish the part A and part B as quickly as possible, the time taken to complete the test is used as the primary performance metric. Error rate is not recorded in the paper and pencil version of the test, however, it is assumed that if errors are made it will be reflected in the completion time. Test B, in which the subject alternates between numbers and letters, is used to examine executive functioning. Part A is used primarily to examine cognitive processing speed.

</doc>
<doc id="20525614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525614" title="Jeff Miller (California politician)">
Jeff Miller (California politician)

Jeff Miller (born September 14, 1963) is an American politician who served in the California State Assembly. A small business owner, he served 8 years as both the Mayor and a City Councilman in the City of Corona.
Education.
Miller graduated from Foothill High School. He received his bachelors degree from Cal State Fullerton in 1985.
Political career.
In 2000, he was elected to the Corona City Council, where his legislative priorities were to keep the economy growing, the budget balanced, the community safe, and reduce regional traffic.
As a member of the Riverside County Transportation Commission, he worked on the Riverside/Orange Corridor Authority.
Miller served as chairman of the Riverside County Republican Party from 2006 to 2008.
Assembly career.
Miller serves on the Assembly Higher Education Committee as well as the Insurance, Housing and Community Development, and Transportation Committees. In addition, he serves as vice-chair of the Environmental Safety and Toxic Materials Committee. In his previous term, Miller sat on the Appropriations, Transportation, Education, and Environmental Safety and Toxic Materials Committees while also serving as the caucus' Elections Chair.
Miller formerly served on the Assembly Ethics Committee. However, during the Committee's 1990 investigation of improper activities involving fellow Assemblyman Mike Duvall, tapes surfaced showing Duvall telling Miller details of his sexual liaisons with lobbyists, and Miller was removed from the Committee because he had personal knowledge of the matter being investigated.
Miller was reinstated and placed back on the Ethics Committee by Speaker Perez.
AB 2098.
AB 2098 and its "design build" method could serve as the model for all future road construction projects in California. The California Transportation Commission saw the benefits of the innovative design build method, and decided to unanimously endorse AB 2098. In addition to the California Transportation Commission, AB 2098 garnered 54 bipartisan co-authors in both the State Assembly and the State Senate. Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed AB 2098 into law in September 2010.
Miller's work on AB 2098 earned him the award of Legislator of the Year from the Southern California Contractor's Association, as well as recognition from the Orange County Business Council.
Legislative scorecards.
California League of Conservation Voters
Lifetime score 11%
2012 score 24% 

</doc>
<doc id="20525615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525615" title="Staircase (album)">
Staircase (album)

Staircase is the fourth solo album released on ECM by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett. It features Jarrett performing four solo piano pieces recorded in the studio.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 4 stars stating "One can always admire Jarrett's lovely tone and flexible touch, yet when he gets stuck for ideas, the repetitions finally begin to grate. Maybe he really needs the stimulus of a live audience in order to get the creative and rhythmic juices flowing when flying solo.".
Track listing.
Disc one, side one.
Staircase:
Disc one, side two.
Hourglass:
Disc two, side one.
Sundial:
Disc two, side two.
Sand:
Personnel.
Keith Jarrett – piano

</doc>
<doc id="20525618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525618" title="John Findley Wallace">
John Findley Wallace

John Findley Wallace (September 10, 1852 – July 3, 1921) was an American Engineer and Administrator, best known for serving as the Chief Engineer of the Panama Canal between 1904 and 1906. He had previously gained experience in railroad construction in the American Midwest.
Biography.
He was not initially a member of the seven-man Isthmian Canal Commission, but was later appointed to it when it was reformed and its membership reduced to three following his own recommendation. He was paid $25,000 a year, the second largest salary in the American government, behind only the President. Under his leadership the Americans struggled to make any significant developments in the construction of the canal, and were severely hit by an outbreak of yellow fever. In 1906 Wallace returned to America, attracted by a potential job offer, which incensed the Secretary of War William Taft who demanded his resignation. The news of his departure rocked the morale of the workers on the canal, and many also left their jobs in the wake of his resignation. He was succeeded by John Frank Stevens. Wallace remained an advocate of the concept of a sea-level canal at Panama which later proved unworkable. Wallace was unassertive and could not get along with other people well.

</doc>
<doc id="20525620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525620" title="Rashtriya Jagran Manch">
Rashtriya Jagran Manch

Rashtriya Jagran Manch is a new Hindu organization. It was formed in 2007 by a breakaway group of RSS.

</doc>
<doc id="20525623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525623" title="Sacred Heart College, Lower Hutt">
Sacred Heart College, Lower Hutt

Sacred Heart College, Lower Hutt is a Catholic secondary school situated in the Wellington Region of New Zealand. It was established in 1912 by the Sisters of Our Lady of the Missions and was the first secondary school to be opened in the Hutt Valley. It was originally sited in high street on the property known as Margaret street. In 1957 the school was shifted to the existing site on Laings road. In May 1980 it became the first Catholic secondary school to be integrated under the Private Schools Conditional Integration Act 1975. The school has six house groups: Lisieux (Pink), Avila (Red), Aubert (Green), Lourdes (Light Blue), Barbier (Dark Blue) and Siena (Yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="20525634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525634" title="Thessalus of Tralles">
Thessalus of Tralles

Thessalus of Tralles (fl. circa 70-95 AD) was a famous Roman physician and early adherent to the Methodic school of medicine. He lived in Rome, where he was the court physician of Emperor Nero. It was here that he died and was buried, and his tomb was to be seen on the "Via Appia".
He was from Tralles in Lydia. He was the son of a weaver, and followed the same employment himself in his youth. This, however, he soon gave up, and, though he had a poor general education, he embraced the medical profession, by which he acquired for a time a great reputation, and amassed a large fortune. He adopted the principles of the Methodic school, but modified and developed them. He appears to have exalted himself at the expense to his predecessors; asserting that none of them had contributed to the advance of medical science, and boasting that he himself could teach the art of healing in six months. Galen frequently mentions him, but always in terms of contempt, and is often abusive towards him.
He supported a method of treatment that he named "metasyncrisis". His object was, in obstinate chronic cases, where other remedies failed, to attempt a thorough change in the fundamental constitution of the organism ("syncrisis"). He began by the application, for three days, of strong vegetable remedies, both internally and externally, together with which, a strict regimen and emetics were applied. This was the preparation to a system of fasting, which concluded with a course of restoratives.
Thessalus regarded the chicory plant to be an herb of the sun. He wrote several medical works, of which only the titles and a few sentences remain.

</doc>
<doc id="20525639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525639" title="Doki Doki Majo Shinpan 2 Duo">
Doki Doki Majo Shinpan 2 Duo

Similarly to the first game, players determine whether female characters are witches by touching their bodies with the stylus. However contrary to its predecessor, this title exhibits new features such as an enhanced witch check touching system and microphone input.
The game resumes with Akuji, the main character of the first game, this time in high school.
The game is rated D (17 years and over) in Japan by the CERO because of the nudity and sexual references presented in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="20525650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525650" title="Eagleswood Township School District">
Eagleswood Township School District

The Eagleswood Township School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through sixth grade from Eagleswood Township in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States. 
Public school students in grades 7 - 12 attend the schools of the Pinelands Regional School District, which serves students from Bass River Township, Eagleswood Township, Little Egg Harbor Township and Tuckerton Borough. The district includes Pinelands Regional Junior High School (1,082 students in grades 7-9) and Pinelands Regional High School (888 students in grades 10-12). The current combined enrollment is nearly 2,000 students. The student to teacher ratio is 25:1 in the high school, and 22:1 in the middle school.
As of the 2008-09 school year, the district's one school had an enrollment of 135 students and 15.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 8.5.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "B", the second lowest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
School.
The Eagleswood Township Elementary School had an enrollment of 135 students in the 2008-09 school year.
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="20525691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525691" title="Robert Schulz">
Robert Schulz

Robert "Bob" Schulz (born July 1, 1938) is a jazz and Dixieland jazz cornetist. Schulz was born in Wonewoc, Wisconsin and attended the University of Wisconsin–La Crosse. He was a band director for 17 years. Then, in 1979, he joined the Turk Murphy Jazz Band of San Francisco. He would stay with them for eight years, until Murphy's death. He went on to lead the Bob Schulz's Frisco Jazz Band, and has put out 6 studio albums (the later four being under the band name of Bob Schultz and his Frisco Jazz Band), 1 live album, and 1 compilation (also as Bob Schulz and his Frisco Jazz Band). Additionally, he has released recordings as Bob Schulz & His Chicago Rhythm Kings, Bob Hirsch & Bob Schulz and The Midcoast Reunion Jazz Band, and Bob Schulz & The Riverboat Ramblers.

</doc>
<doc id="20525698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525698" title="John Warren Cooke">
John Warren Cooke

John Warren Cooke (February 28, 1915 – November 28, 2009) was an American politician and newspaper publisher. A Democrat, he served in the Virginia House of Delegates 1942–1980 and was its Speaker from 1968 until his retirement.
Personal life; non-political career.
Cooke was born in Mathews, Virginia, to Giles Buckner Cooke and Katharine Grosh. His father, an Episcopal minister, had been a major in the Confederate States Army, serving on the personal staff of Robert E. Lee.
Attending both public and private schools, Cooke graduated from Lee-Jackson High School in Mathews. He spent one year at the Virginia Military Institute, then went to work for the Mathews County government, serving as clerk of the county school board, among other tasks.
Cooke married Anne Brown Rawn of Huntington, West Virginia on May 10, 1947. They had a son and a daughter.
Cooke was president of Tidewater Newspapers, Inc. in Gloucester, Virginia and publisher of the "Gloucester-Mathews Gazette-Journal" newspaper from 1954 until March 2009.
Political career.
Cooke was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates in 1941, representing Mathews and Gloucester Counties on the Middle Peninsula. In 1944, Middlesex County was added to the district. That same year, he became secretary of the House Democratic caucus.
Cooke was an alternate delegate to the 1948 Democratic National Convention. He became Democratic caucus leader in 1950 and majority floor leader in 1956. In 1965, Charles City and New Kent Counties on the Virginia Peninsula were added to the district.
Cooke was elected House Speaker on January 10, 1968, replacing the retiring E. Blackburn Moore. That year he co-sponsored the Virginia Freedom of Information Act.
In 1971 Cooke's district changed one more time, dropping Charles City and New Kent Counties and adding Essex, King and Queen and King William Counties. Cooke retired in 1979.
Death.
Cooke died on November 28, 2009 at his home in Mathews County, according to his son, Giles Cooke. He was 94.

</doc>
<doc id="20525726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525726" title="Alvin Childress">
Alvin Childress

Alvin Childress (September 15, 1907 – April 19, 1986) was an African-American actor who is best known for playing the cabdriver Amos Jones in the 1950s television comedy series "Amos 'n Andy".
Biography.
Alvin Childress was born in Meridian, Mississippi. He was educated at Rust College, from which he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Sociology. When he initially entered college, Childress intended to become a doctor, enrolling in typical pre-med courses. He had no thoughts of becoming involved in acting, but became involved in theater outside of classes.
Childress moved to New York City and became an actor with Harlem's Lafayette Players, a troupe of stock players associated with the Lafayette Theatre. Soon, he was engaged as an actor in the Federal Theater Project, the American Negro Theater, and in all-black race film productions such as "Keep Punching" (1939). His greatest success on the stage was his performance as Noah in the popular comedy, "Anna Lucasta", which ran for 957 performances. He also worked at Teachers College of Columbia University. Childress also operated his own radio and record store in New York City. When he learned about casting for the "Amos 'n Andy "television series, Childress decided to audition for a role. He was hired a year before the show went on the air.
In 1951, he was cast as the level-headed, hard-working and honest Amos Jones in the popular television series, "The Amos 'n Andy Show", which ran for two years on CBS and made a star of the old-time vaudeville comedian, Tim Moore. Childress originally tried out for the role of The Kingfish, but Charles Correll and Freeman Gosden cast him as Amos. Since he had been hired a year before the show began, Gosden and Correll turned the search for an actor to play "The Kingfish" over to Childress. In a 1979 interview, Childress shared information about some of the candidates. Cab Calloway was considered but found wanting by Gosden because of his straight hair. Childress said there were many famous men, with and without actual acting experience, who wanted to play the role.
Shortly after the television show had ended, plans to turn it into a vaudeville act were announced in 1953, with Childress, Williams and Moore playing the same roles as they had in the television series. It is not known if there were any performances. In 1956, after the television show was no longer in production, Childress and some of his fellow cast members: Tim Moore, Spencer Williams, and Lillian Randolph along with her choir, began a tour of the US as "The TV Stars of "Amos 'n' Andy"". The tour was halted by CBS as the network considered this an infringement of their rights to the program and its cast of characters. Despite the threats which ended the 1956 tour, Childress, along with Moore, Williams and Johnny Lee were able to perform one night in 1957 in Windsor, Ontario, apparently without legal action. When he tried for work as an actor, Childress found none as he was typecast as Amos Jones. For a short time, Childress found himself parking cars for an upscale Beverly Hills restaurant.
Childress also appeared in roles on the television series "Perry Mason", "Sanford and Son", "Good Times" and "The Jeffersons" and in the films "Thunderbolt and Lightfoot" (1974) and "The Day of the Locust" (1975). When Childress appeared as a minister in a 1972 episode of "Sanford and Son", he was reunited with two former cast members: Lillian Randolph of "Amos 'n' Andy" in the role of Aunt Hazel and Lance Taylor, Jr. of "Anna Lucasta", with the role of Uncle Edgar.
Childress's first wife was the former Alice Herndon, who established herself as a successful writer and actress under the name of Alice Childress (1916–1994); the couple was married from 1934 to 1957 and had a daughter, Jean Rosa. From 1961 to 1973, Childress worked as an unemployment interviewer for the Los Angeles Department of Personnel and in the Civil Service Commission of Los Angeles County.
Death.
Suffering from diabetes and other ailments, he died in Inglewood, California on April 19, 1986. He was buried at National Memorial Harmony Park in Landover, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="20525728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525728" title="Holbæk Priory">
Holbæk Priory

Holbaek Priory was a small Dominican monastery in Holbæk, Denmark.
History.
Holbæk is first mentioned in 1199 in a letter of gift from Bishop Absalon. The Dominican Priory at Holbaek was established by 1275 just south of Holbæk, Denmark. The king personally owned Holbæk and the town had supported the king's cause against the Bishop of Roskilde and perhaps the placing of a Dominican house at Holbaek and the building of Holbæk Castle added to its stature among Zealand towns. The priory was burned in a town fire in 1287 and had to be rebuilt. The Black Friars Church was dedicated to St Nicholas in 1323 by Bishop Niels of Børglum. It became the north range of a roughly rectangular friary. The church was open to the public for mass with the friars separated from the townspeople by a gate. Women were not permitted in St Nicholas except on days when special commemorative masses were said. The south range, which still exists was built in the mid-15th century in the Gothic style out of red bricks. The two-story refectory with a vaulted cellar. The range built in the same style was older and housed the individual friars' cells, chapter hall and perhaps a library. The west range was constructed in the first quarter of the 16th century to complete the quadrangle. The priory had a garden and at least a partial cloister for the friars to walk outside under shelter. There was a cemetery attached to the priory. The priory church had a nave and single side aisle with a choir with an apse on the east end.
Holbæk Priory enjoyed royal favor especially Christopher II. Queen Dorothea of Brandenburg, the wife of Christopher II and Christian I, whose generosity permitted a major expansion of the priory complex. Since the Dominicans were a mendicant order they were reliant on the gifts of individuals or families to support the priory and its works, usually schools and hospitals. The gifts were most often in the form of properties such as farms or houses in towns which were used to generate rents. Royal favors included properties and unique forms of revenue such as landing rights, fishing rights, or fees to be paid for religious services such as masses for the dead. The priory church became a popular place for burials of local nobles and officials who were often remembered with large tombstones which were set into the floor of the church. Several of these have been preserved to modern times. Holbæk Priory was never a large monastery. The gifts it received of which records exist are in small amounts, usually a few pennies or guilders.
The continuous existence of the friary was threatened in the early 16th century as Danes exchanged their Catholic beliefs and institutions for those of the Lutheran reformers. Mendicant orders were particularly disliked for the constant appeals for alms in addition to the usual tithes and fees Danes paid to the church until the Reformation. The Franciscans were hounded form 28 Danish towns by 1532 some virtually at sword point. The Dominicans received a letter of protection from Count Christopher of Oldenburg in the Count's Feud, a civil war which ended Catholic influence in Denmark. Unfortunately, they picked the wrong side. Count Christopher went to war on behalf of Christian II, the last Catholic king of Denmark, and he lost. Christian III, who was a staunch Lutheran, and the State Council (Danish: Rigsråd) made Denmark a Lutheran country in October 1536 with the adoption of the Lutheran Ordinances, which stipulated religious belief and practices throughout Denmark.
The friars were already having difficulty supporting the priory and by February 1535 the buildings had been abandoned. The last Dominican prior at Holbæk, Hans Pedersen, wrote a letter of gift to the town as a place for the sick and poor. He attributed the loss of the priory to the sore hunger, want, and poverty which the brothers endured had endured but could no longer. The town of Holbæk took control of the priory with the intent of making it into a hospital for the poor and sick. The church was made into a reformed parish church for the town. But all religious houses and their properties reverted to the crown and Christian III ordered the demolition of the priory in order to expand Holbæk Castle. The eastern range and part of the southern range were pulled down, and then work was halted. The remnants of the priory were turned over to the town and the buildings were converted into a school which existed in one form or another there until 1902. The other range became a town hall. Part of the town hall was turned into the town jail called the "tower prison". The town hall occupied the building until 1844 when it became a mortuary. In 1869 the ancient priory church was torn down and a new expanded one was built on the site. In the 1970s the remaining sections of the priory were restored and turned over to St Nicholas' church for a meeting halls and offices.
Sources.
Jacobsen, J.G.G. 'The Priory of the Black Friars in Holbaek'. 2003 http://jggj.dk/Holbaek_Kloster_UK.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20525737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525737" title="Garfield's Pet Force">
Garfield's Pet Force

"Garfield's Pet Force" is a 2009 CGI film based on characters from the Jim Davis comic strip "Garfield" and loosely based on the Pet Force novel series. It is the sequel to "Garfield's Fun Fest" (2008). It is the final installment in the Garfield CGI Cartoon films. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on June 16, 2009. It was written by Garfield creator Jim Davis. In 2010 it was released in 3-D.
Summary.
When Vetvix comes to Comic Strip World to go after Garzooka. Garzooka enlists Garfield, Nermal, Arlene, and Odie to help him stop Vetvix by becoming the Pet Force. However, Garfield would rather eat and sleep then help save the world. When Vetvix starts threatening Garfield's world, Garfield realizes what's really at stake. Will Garfield stop being lazy and help the Pet Force, and save the world?
Plot.
On the planet Dorkon, Professor Wally (the professor counterpart to Wally) shows Emperor Jon (the Emperor counterpart to Jon Arbuckle) his new invention, The Moscram ray gun, a device powered by the Klopman crystal that can scramble inanimate objects and organisms into new creatures under the user's control. But Emperor Jon is more concerned about finding a wife to continue the royal bloodline. Soon a warship lands near the palace. Emperor Jon runs into Vetvix (the super-villain counterpart to Dr. Liz Wilson), and asks her if he can marry her. She agrees, but only because she wanted to steal the Moscram Ray Gun, and is successful. Professor Wally calls the Pet Force: Garzooka (Garfield's superhero counterpart), Odious (Odie's superhero counterpart), Abnermal (Nermal's superhero counterpart) and Starlena (Arlene's superheroine counterpart). But Vetvix zombifies every member of the Pet Force except Garzooka. He manages to get hold of the Klopman Crystal and escapes with Professor Wally in a secret passageway. The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force. Professor Wally finds the counterparts, and give Garzooka their pictures and some serums that will transform the counterparts into the Pet Force, and he flies away in his space ship to Comic Strip World leaving Professor Wally behind with Vetvix vowing for revenge. 
The situation was revealed to be a comic book Nermal was reading during a cookout with the gang. Nermal is really excited about getting the next 100th edition issue. Garfield's friends go to the Comic studio to work their new strip, except Garfield who wants to finish all the hot dogs. Nermal gets the new Pet Force issue from a news stand, with Garzooka jumping out of a comic book afterawards. Garzooka heads for Jon's house and is told where Odie, Arlene, and Nermal are by Garfield. Garzooka gives Garfield the Klopman Crystal as well telling him to protect it. Curiously, the pages of the comic book show exactly what is going on in Comic Strip World with Garfield & his group, but pages of future incidents are blank "until" the incidents occur. 
In the break room at the Comic Studio, Nermal, Arlene, and Odie notice Garzooka behind them. Garzooka hands them the serums asking them to help him stop Vetvix, but they don't change immediately after they drink the serums. However it's time for Odie, Arlene, and Nermal to go to work and Garzooka follows. Meanwhile, the real Garfield is enjoying a relaxing day all to himself, but is captured by Vetvix (who appeared in Comic Strip World earlier) who tortures him for the Klopman Crystal, but to no avail (because Garfield is a cartoon character). Garfield tries to protect the Klopman Crystal, but it is taken by Vetvix and orders her guards to get rid of Garfield.
Back at Comic Studio, the gang is interrupted by Vetvix who crashes her war ship into the Comic Studio and zombifies most of the characters at the studio. Nermal, Odie, Arlene, Jon, and Garzooka escape to the back alley. Garzooka is wondering why the serums haven't taken effect yet. He notices Garfield falling from sky, when Odie, Nermal, and Arlene turn into their Pet Force counterparts, the effects of the serums having been delayed. They plan to bring down Vetvix's ship using the antenna on top of a tall tower nearby. Vetvix's ship reverses, causing a bill board to break to pieces. The Pet Force hide under one of the broken pieces of the bill board and escape while being chased by zombies and manage to reach the tower by crashing through walls. Eli saves Garfield from Vetvix, by making the air vent suck him in while Jon and a trash can were scrambled then becoming zombies. Vetvix causes chaos, zombifying all of the Comic Strip World. Eli scolds Garfield for not helping the Pet Force when the team needed him. Garfield doesn't see himself as a hero. Eli and Garfield manage to find three survivors: Wally, Wally's wife Bonita, and Betty. Garfield decides to name himself and the survivors "The Crazy Crew" and form their own plan. Meanwhile at the tower, Garzooka realizes the zombies are too much for the Pet Force. Luckily Garfield and Wally disguise themselves as Garzooka, and get the zombies' attention. The real Garzooka and the Pet Force go to the antenna and use it to bring down Vetvix's ship. Meanwhile, the zombies chase Garfield and Wally to the Comic Studio, and Eli opens the pit in the filming area, in which the zombies fall into. Meanwhile at the tower, Vetvix shoots the Moscram Ray Gun using the super scramble mode at the Pet Force.
Emperor Jon and Professor Wally break free (by the Professor's monocle that Garfield put on the windowsill earlier), and take over the ship, flying into the air, making Vetvix fall off. However, she makes a giant monster by shooting the ray gun at most of the buildings in the Comic Strip World, and decides to use the monster to destroy everything and get back her ship. Meanwhile, Vetvix's ship lands near the back alley of Comic Studio, and the Crazy Crew meet them, who let Garfield enter the ship. The ship flies above the monster and Garfield jumps off. By using the power of the Super Scrambled Pet Force and the dropped Moscram Ray Gan, Garfield defeats the monster along with unscrambling the Pet Force. Garfield and the "Crazy Crew" surround Vetvix and she backs up into a corner called the "Smile Section" which Betty invented. Garfield shoots Vetvix with the Moscram Ray Gun and Vetvix becomes a nice woman who is the perfect spouse for Emperor Jon. Eli opens the pit and Garfield unscrambles the zombies. Garzooka gives Arlene, Odie, and Nermal the red serums, and drink it. Emperor Jon and queen Vetvix start their honeymoon after Emperor Jon immediately forgave her. Garfield finally wins Arlene's feelings, and two gaze at the stars. Suddenly, a trail of stars goes under them and they float into space and dance, before returning to Earth, and the film ends.
In the post-credit scenes, the gang watch a video (showing that the real Pet Force is back) at the Comic Studio. They notice that Betty is there too, and realize that she followed Garzooka to Dorkon. It looks like there will have to be a new assistant director to Charles which Nermal is eager to take.
Cast.
Additional voices were provided by Cathy Cavadini, Greg Finley, Jeff Fischer, David Michie, Paige Pollack and Ruth Zalduondo.

</doc>
<doc id="20525773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525773" title="Mount Masaraga">
Mount Masaraga

Mount Masaraga is an extinct stratovolcano, located in Ligao City in the province of Albay, in the Bicol region, on Luzon Island, in the Philippines, at latitude 13.32°N (13°20'N), longitude 123.60°E (123°35'E).
Physical features.
Mount Masaraga is a forested, sharp-topped, mountain with an elevation of asl. It is adjacent and the closest to the perfect cone of Mayon Volcano.
Eruptions.
There are no historical eruptions from the volcano with the last eruptive activity dated as Holocene as reported by the Global Volcanism Program. Thick lava flows from that period are present on the flanks of Mount Masaraga, an understudied volcano in the Philippines.
Geology.
Rock type found on the mountain is andesite trending to rhyolite. Tectonically, Masaraga is part of the Bicol Volcanic Chain of volcanoes and part of the Pacific ring of fire.
Listings.
The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) lists the mountain as one of the inactive volcano of the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="20525785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525785" title="Game Show in My Head">
Game Show in My Head

Game Show in My Head is an American television game show airing on CBS produced by Ashton Kutcher and hosted by Joe Rogan. The show premiered on CBS on January 3, 2009 and aired on Saturdays at 8PM Eastern Standard Time.
History.
CBS originally ordered a pilot of "Game Show in My Head" hosted by Chris Kattan, but later decided to re-shoot the pilot with a new host, Joe Rogan. CBS ordered an unnamed number of episodes of the series. In March 2008, the show began seeking contestants. In December 2008, CBS announced that they would begin airing episodes of the new version of the show on Saturdays, starting January 3, 2009.
Saturdays are the least-watched night of the week; this move has inspired speculation that the network has a lack of faith in the program.
Gameplay.
"Game Show in My Head" is a hidden camera show in which contestants must perform a series of five "hilarious and embarrassing" tasks in front of strangers,
which they are instructed to do by the host via an earpiece.
Each of the tasks is worth $5,000, and contestants can also double their money in a "no-holds-barred bonus round." Therefore, the maximum amount of money that a contestant can earn is $50,000. The show is similar to the classic Nickelodeon game show You're On!. That is the contestants have to get strangers to complete tasks while they're caught on a hidden camera. The contestants on location and in studio are taped live during the taping.
Show Premiere.
"Game Show in My Head" premiered with Two Back-to Back Episodes on Saturday, Jan. 3, 2009 (8:00-9:00 PM, ET/PT).
Shalisse Pekarcik, a 26-year-old personal trainer from Salt Lake City, Utah and Craig Scime, a 32-year-old entrepreneur from Buffalo, N.Y., competed for the chance to win $50,000 each, on back-to-back episodes of "Game Show in My Head" on Saturday, Jan. 3 (8:00-8:30 PM, ET/PT and 8:30-9:00 PM, ET/PT respectively) on the CBS Television Network. As of July 2009 it has been cancelled by CBS.
Show Credits.
"Game Show in My Head" is from fox21, produced by Hat Trick Productions and Katalyst Films, Inc. with executive producers Jimmy Mulville & Leon Wilde and Ashton Kutcher, Jason Goldberg & Karey Burke.

</doc>
<doc id="20525801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525801" title="List of Faroese football transfers, winter 2008–09">
List of Faroese football transfers, winter 2008–09

This is a list of Faroese football transfers in the winter transfer window 2008-09 by club. Only transfers of the Premier League and 1st League are included.
Premier League.
07 Vestur.
In:
Out:
AB Argir.
In:
Out:
 
B36 Tórshavn.
In:
Out:
B68 Toftir.
In:
Out:
EB/Streymur.
In:
Out:
HB Tórshavn.
In:
 
Out:
ÍF Fuglafjørður.
In:
Out:
KÍ Klaksvík.
In:
Out:
NSÍ Runavík.
In:
Out:
Víkingur Gøta.
In:
Out:
First League.
B71 Sandur.
In:
Out:
Skála ÍF.
In:
Out:
TB Tvøroyri.
In:
Out:
VB Sumba.
In:
Out:
FC Hoyvík.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="20525805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525805" title="Danville Dans">
Danville Dans

The Danville Dans are a collegiate summer league baseball team located in Danville, Illinois. The team plays in the Prospect League, which their former league, the NCAA-sanctioned Central Illinois Collegiate League, was absorbed into after the 2008 season. 
In their history as a CICL team, the Dans have won nine tournament titles, the most of any CICL team. The Dans have made the playoffs once in the four-year history of the Prospect League, and finished second in the 2010 tournament. 

</doc>
<doc id="20525896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525896" title="Gregorio di Cecco">
Gregorio di Cecco

Gregorio di Cecco (sometimes "Gregorio di Cecco da Lucca" or "Gregorio da Lucca di Cecco") was an Italian painter of the Sienese School during the early Renaissance. He was born in Sienna around 1390 and died after 1424.
He was a student of Taddeo di Bartolo and later became di Bartolo's partner.

</doc>
<doc id="20525930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525930" title="Log-space transducer">
Log-space transducer

A log space transducer (LST) is a type of Turing machine used for log-space reductions. 
A log space transducer has three tapes:
A language A is said to be log-space reducible to a language B if there exists a LST which will convert an input from problem A into an input to problem B, using logarithmic space on the work tape, such that the input is in A iff the output is in B.
This seems like a rather convoluted idea, but it has two useful properties that are desirable for a reduction:
Transitivity holds because it is possible to feed the output tape of one reducer (A->B) to another (B->C). At first glance, this seems incorrect because the A->C reducer needs to store the output tape from the A->B reducer onto the work tape in order to feed it into the B->C reducer, but this is not true. Each time the B->C reducer needs to access its input tape, the A->C reducer can re-run the A->B reducer, and so the output of the A->B reducer never needs to be stored entirely at once.

</doc>
<doc id="20525951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525951" title="SuperPoke!">
SuperPoke!

Superpoke! and SuperPoke! Pets were Facebook and MySpace applications originally created by Nikil Gandhy, Will Liu and Jonathan Hsu. It was launched within a month of the creation of the Facebook Platform. Slide acquired the application - along with the trio - in 2007, and grew the application to become the most monthly active users Facebook application at one point. The application mimics Facebook's own "poke" feature, but adds new features such as the ability to smile, wink, slap, and smack friends on Facebook. The application previously also allowed users to virtually "stab" a friend; Facebook later asked Slide to remove this option from the application.
SuperPoke! differentiated itself from other applications by introducing characters such as a sheep, chicken and penguin. These characters were originally designed by Kevin Ho. Superpoke! was shut down on September 27, 2011 and SuperPoke! Pets closed March 7, 2012
SuperPoke! Pets.
Slide capitalized on the popularity of the SuperPoke! brand by creating SuperPoke! Pets (also known as SPP), which allowed users to take care of virtual pets. Players had the ability to customize aspects such as their characters' looks and home. Slide's VP of product, Mike Huang, and designer Kevin Ho made a conscious decision to be consistent with the artwork and style. They used the same characters created in SuperPoke! for the animals users could adopt and used the same styeitems users could purchase in Pets. As SPP became the most lucrative property Slide has, they created two other games under this brand: SPP Top Fish and SPP Ranch.
History of SuperPoke! Pets.
SuperPoke! Pets launched April 2008 to social networks Facebook, MySpace, and Hi5. Slide soon began experimenting with the early app, first by releasing gold items that users could buy using gold bars (virtual cash) that was purchased with real money. In late December 2008, SuperPokePets started work on their own website, titled SPP.com or SuperPokePets.com, which gave SPP app owners on all social networking sites a choice of becoming an SPP member for free, so that members from different platforms could unite into one community. Once on the website, members could customize their own profiles with their existing pets from the social networks, and participate in activities and features the network apps did not offer.
Following more success, SPP held decorating contests where famous celebrities such as Ashley Tisdale and Keith Urban came to promote their albums such as Tisdale's "Guilty Pleasure" and Urban's "Defying Gravity". Winners were awarded special badges and a copy of the CD.
In August 2010, Slide was acquired by Google, and almost a year later SPP announced drastic changes including removing gold buying, quests, and updates to the games features, due to the game finally reaching the point where it could grow on its own.
In September 2011, SPP announced that their website would be shut down and go offline March 6, 2012.
As of March 7, 2012 SuperPoke! Pets is no longer available.

</doc>
<doc id="20525954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525954" title="Šaban Trstena">
Šaban Trstena

Shaban Terstena (, ) (born January 1, 1965 in Skopje, SR Macedonia, Yugoslavia) is a former Macedonian Albanian wrestler who won the gold medal at the 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles and also won the silver medal at the Seoul Olympics in 1988. Terstena is the 1984 European champion, won the silver medals in 1983, 1985, 1986, and the bronze in 1982 and 1988. He holds the 1982 World Wrestling Championships bronze . Whenever he took part in the Mediterranean or Balkan Games, he was the wrestler to win the first place. He has been pronounced the Best Macedonian athlete many times and once, in 1984 the best athlete of Yugoslavia. In 2000 he has been also pronounced the best Albanian athlete of the last century. He has won 715 matches out of 741 fights. He participated in 42 tournaments in the world winning 30 gold medals, the remainder being silver and bronze. At the Atlanta Olympic Games in 1996 he won the fifth place.

</doc>
<doc id="20525956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525956" title="OneOne">
OneOne

OneOne is the collective name for an ongoing music project featuring Saya (the principal singer and songwriter with Tenniscoats) and Satomi Matsuzaki (front-woman and bassist for Deerhoof). They released their debut album, "AoooO", in December 2008. In Japan it appeared on the P-vine label. It is intended for release in the USA via Aquarius Records.
Saya said in a December interview with Japanzine that the pair first met in San Francisco, in connection with a musical exchange program. "AoooO" was subsequently written and recorded over the intervening years, and was mixed by Deerhoof's Greg Saunier.
The band undertook their first Japanese tour in September, 2008, accompanied by Takashi Ueno (also of Tenniscoats) and the aforementioned Greg Saunier. In the same Japanzine interview, Saya mentioned that the accompanists were nicknamed CanCan, but they were essentially improvised support.

</doc>
<doc id="20525961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525961" title="Lucius Julius Gainius Fabius Agrippa">
Lucius Julius Gainius Fabius Agrippa

Lucius Julius Gainius Fabius Agrippa also known as Lucius Julius Agrippa () was a considerable wealthy man who descended from royalty. He lived in the second half of the 1st century and first half of the 2nd century in the Roman Empire. Agrippa was a son born to Cilician Prince Gaius Julius Agrippa (who served as a Quaestor for the Roman Province of Asia and before 109 served as a Praetorian Guard) and his mother was a Roman woman who belonged or was related to the Fabia (gens). His brother was a younger Gaius Julius Agrippa.
Agrippa was of Jewish, Nabataean, Edomite, Greek, Armenian, Median and Persian origins. Through his paternal grandfather Herodian Prince and King of Cetis Cilicia Gaius Julius Alexander, Agrippa was a descendant of King Archelaus of Cappadocia; King of Judea Herod the Great; his wife Mariamne and King Tigranes VI of Armenia. Through his paternal grandmother Princess and Queen of Cetis Cilicia Julia Iotapa, he was a direct descendant of Greek King Antiochus IV of Commagene and his sister-wife Greek Queen Julia Iotapa. Agrippa was an apostate to Judaism. However, his name indicates that the family connections from the Herodian Dynasty were not wholly broken. It is unlikely that Agrippa attempted to exert influence on Judean Politics.
Agrippa lived and became a citizen in Apamea in Western Syria. Little is known on his early life. In his career, Agrippa served as a Gymnasiarch. A Gymnasiarch was a public official responsible for sports or games held at public festivals. This official directed Ancient Greek Gymnasiums and supervised competitors. A Gymnasiarch could have a teacher, a coach or a trainer of athletes. Agrippa also served as a Pontifex Maximus.
In 115, Apamea had suffered a serious earthquake. During this crisis, Agrippa served as the city’s ambassador to Rome. Agrippa at his own expense had made various generous public benefactions to his community. He frequently at his own expense undertook embassies to the Roman Emperor and the Roman Senate.
For six months, Agrippa paid and distributed (supra) expensive olive oil for anointing and corn for public use in Apamea. Agrippa with his wealth assisted in the reconstruction of Apamea in the following ways:
There are a number of honorary inscriptions and decrees that have survived which were dedicated to Agrippa in Apamea and Rome. These honorary inscriptions and decrees date from 115 until 118. At the Baths of Apamea on the façade of the Baths, Agrippa dedicates an inscription to a Julius Bassus, a Pro-Praetorian Legatus in Apamea. Other inscriptions in consoles attached to the pillars of the baths are dedications by Agrippa’s slaves, freedmen or clients.
At the Capitoline Hill in Rome, there is a bronze inscription dedicated to Agrippa. This inscription in Rome reveals that he undertook numerous voluntary liturgies. Below is an honorary decree that has survived on a base of a statue of Agrippa. The decree reads:
The surviving inscriptions and decrees of Agrippa, reveals that he had a generous spirit, who was concerned for public safety and order in Apamea. His choice of Apollo and Marsyas at the baths reveals his gentle, witty commentary on the ambitions of the performers who competed for prizes in the Large Hall. A possible descendant of Agrippa was the usurper of the 3rd century Jotapianus.

</doc>
<doc id="20525964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525964" title="Krista Polvere">
Krista Polvere

Krista Polvere is an Australian-born singer/songwriter from Adelaide, but resides in Melbourne, Australia. Polvere moved to Sydney at a young age to study acting and music. Polvere's father, a former band manager, immigrated from Naples, Italy and her mother is of Welsh decent.
Playing shows around the small bars and clubs in Adelaide, Polvere moved to Melbourne for its live music culture. Polvere ventured to New York City for an adventure, traveling to the heart of where the folk scene began. Polvere is noted to be a huge Dylan fan and was mesmerized by the history of the music scene in NYC. Soon after getting to NYC, Polvere was introduced to Jon Graboff of The Cardinals, which led to her meeting with Ryan Adams, with whom she co-wrote tracks for her debut album "Here Be Dragons".
Recording "Here Be Dragons" in Kingston, New York with Grammy Award-winning producer Malcolm Burn, Polvere had Ryan Adams play guitar and piano on her album and Grasshopper from Mercury Rev appear on the recording. Directly after finishing the recording process, Polvere moved back to Australia. Critically acclaimed "Here Be Dragons" was released in Australia through independent Sydney-based label Inertia. Polvere has been compared to musicians Nick Drake and Mazzy Star. Krista Polvere has also worked with well-known Australian artists Mark Lizotte (aka Diesel) and Monique Brumby.
Polvere accompanied Ryan Adams and The Cardinals on their national Australian tour to sell out shows. Polvere also opened for Canadian folk man Ron Sexsmith on a national tour and she toured with Steve Earle playing to sell out crowds.
Through an introduction from a good friend Polvere started talking ideas for her second record with Marc Ford (The Black Crowes) and his long-time friend /music collaborator Anthony Arvizu. 
Marc and Anthony have co-produced two of Ryan Bingham's records and Marc, of course is world renowned for his outstanding guitar playing and style. From these discussions it became clear that this would be the right match. Marc's purist approach meant that the album was recorded live in their Long Beach Californian studio, The Compound.
Working within a tight timeframe of 3 weeks for recording and mixing of 13 tracks, meant that everyone worked hard and intuitively. Ryan Adams played guitar and sang backing vocals.
This album showcases Polvere's song writing ability and voice. Ryan Adams was most recently quoted in an interview with Melbourne’s Herald Sun as saying:
“She is going to be the next big thing, I just recorded some music with her for her new record in California," he says. "I did some guitar and some vocals and I would say this: I have always been impressed by her. She's always impressed me as a songwriter and a friend. But the songs I've heard this time, I can honestly say I had no idea that she was capable of what I heard."I don't say that to undermine her - I was shocked at how intricate it was. From what I've heard it's such a powerful record. It's going to be a real game-changer."
Polvere released her second album 'Reservoir Drive' in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20525970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525970" title="Oversight of the Troubled Asset Relief Program">
Oversight of the Troubled Asset Relief Program

The Emergency Economic Stabilization Act created the Troubled Asset Relief Program to administer up to $700 billion. Several oversight mechanisms are established by the bill, including the Congressional Oversight Panel, the Special Inspector General for TARP (SIGTARP), the Financial Stability Oversight Board, and additional requirements for the Government Accountability Office (GAO) and the Congressional Budget Office (CBO).
Financial Stability Oversight Board (FSOB).
The Financial Stability Oversight Board is created to review and make recommendations regarding the Treasury's actions. Its purpose is to review the operation of TARP, to make recommendations to the Treasury for improvements, and to watch for fraud and misrepresentation. The FSOB also has the power to ensure that the Treasury follows policies in accordance with the Act and the economic interest of the U.S. It is to meet on a monthly basis and report to Congress and the Oversight Panel quarterly.
The members of the board are:
Congressional Oversight Panel (COP).
The "Congressional Oversight Panel" was mandated by Title 1, Section 125 of the TARP legislation as an "establishment in the legislative branch." The Congressional Oversight Panel is charged with the job of reviewing the state of the markets, current regulatory system, and the Treasury Department's management of the Troubled Asset Relief Program. The panel is required to report their findings to Congress every 30 days, counting from the first asset purchase made under the program. The panel must also submit a special report to Congress about regulatory reform on or before January 20, 2009. The Congressional Oversight Panel will cease to exist on December 31, 2009 unless renewed.
The panel consists of five outside experts appointed as follows:
The first meeting of this board was held Wednesday, November 25, 2009, and elected Elizabeth Warren as the chairperson and Damon Silvers as deputy chairperson. As no assets have yet been purchased, (OFS instead chose to provide $250 billion to banks through the Capital Purchase Program) it is not clear whether the requirement to report after 30 days from "first asset purchase" has been violated.
On December 8, 2009, the government’s financial bailout program concluded in a year-end review that, despite flaws and lingering problems, the program “can be credited with stopping an economic panic.” Also on this date, Rep. Jeb Hensarling stepped down from the panel, submitting his letter of resignation. Hensarling was replaced by Mark McWatters, a Dallas lawyer and certified public accountant who has served as an advisor to Hensarling.
On October 1, 2010, Senator Ted Kaufman of Delaware was appointed by Majority Leader Reid to replace Warren on the panel, as Warren resigned to focus on her duties at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Three days later, Kaufman was unanimously elected as the panel's second chairperson. Kaufman was succeeded in Congress by Senator Chris Coons on November 15, 2010, but he remains chairperson of the Congressional Oversight Panel as of late December 2010.
Government Accountability Office (GAO).
The Comptroller General (director of the Government Accountability Office) is required to monitor the performance of the program, and report findings to Congress every 60 days. The Comptroller General is also required to audit the program annually. The bill grants the Comptroller General access to all information, records, reports, data, etc. belonging to or in use by the program.
On December 2, 2008, GAO released their first report on the bailout. Neel Kashkari, the OFS chairman, said in a letter to GAO that the department agrees with the report's findings and most of its recommendations but questioned GAO's suggestion to require more reporting from banks, saying gathering specifics from individual banks might not be the best way to evaluate the program. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi called the report's findings "discouraging." and that the report shows the program "is not accountable to American taxpayers."
Special Inspector General for TARP (SIGTARP).
The EESA created the Office of the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program (SIGTARP), and the Special Inspector General is appointed by the President and confirmed by the U.S. Senate. The Special Inspector General's purpose is to monitor, audit, and investigate TARP-related activities, including those of the Treasury in the administration of the program, and report findings to Congress every quarter. Christy Romero was sworn-in as the current Special Inspector General on April 9, 2012, having been nominated by the President on February 1, 2012, and confirmed by the U.S. Senate on March 29, 2012.
Eric Thorson is the Inspector General of the US Department of the Treasury and was originally responsible for the oversight of the TARP but expressed concerns about the difficulty of properly overseeing the complex program in addition to his regular responsibilities. Thorson called oversight of TARP a "mess" and later clarified this to say "The word 'mess' was a description of the difficulty my office would have in providing the proper level of oversight of the TARP while handling its growing workload, including conducting audits of certain failed banks and thrifts at the same time that efforts are underway to nominate a special inspector general." [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/11/20/AR2008112003484.html]
Former Special Inspector General Neil Barofsky was confirmed by the Senate on December 8, 2008, and was sworn into office on December 15, 2008. Mr. Barofsky stepped-down from the post on March 30, 2011. Prior to assuming the position of Special Inspector General, Mr. Barofsky was a federal prosecutor in the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York for more than eight years. Mr. Barofsky received the Attorney General's John Marshall Award for his work on the Refco matter. Mr. Barofsky also led the investigation that resulted in the indictment of the top 50 leaders of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) on narcotics charges, a case described by the then Attorney General as the largest narcotics indictment filed in U.S. history.
Under the leadership of Mr. Barofsky, the Office of the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program has quietly turned into a full-fledged financial law enforcement agency. It has 45 investigators who are empowered to carry guns and badges, and 27 vehicles with sirens and lights spread out in its branch offices across the United States. SIGTARP agents are empowered to make arrests. The agency is currently engaged in 142 ongoing criminal and civil investigations, and it has already recovered assets worth $151.8 million. By the summer of 2010, SIGTARP agents were participating in raids alongside other U.S. law enforcement agencies. They worked with FBI agents in a raid on Colonial Bank in Orlando, Florida in an investigation into possible TARP-related fraud.
In January 2012, Special Inspector General Christy Romero said some $133 billion remained to be repaid by participants in the program, of which some at least is not likely ever to be repaid or recouped. That figure was offset partly by some $40.3 billion income and profits from repaid loans and investments; however new home-foreclosure bailout programs that could last as late as 2017 could also cost an additional $50 billion or more.
SIGTARP has been described as having a staff of 170, an annual budget of $41 million, and a substantial law-enforcement record. As of late 2013, SIGTARP had "pursued criminal charges against 107 senior bank officers, most of whom have been sentenced to prison."
TARP Oversight Reports.
COP Reports.
- Commercial Real Estate Losses and the Risk to Financial Stability, 02/11/10, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-021110-cop.cfm/<br>
- Exiting TARP and Unwinding Its Impact on the Financial Markets, 01/14/10, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-011410-cop.cfm<br>
- Taking Stock: What Has the Troubled Asset Relief Program Achieved?, 12/09/09, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-120909-cop.cfm/<br>
- Guarantees and Contingent Payments in TARP and Related Programs, 11/06/09, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-110609-cop.cfm/<br>
- An Assessment of Foreclosure Mitigation Efforts After Six Months, 10/09/09, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-100909-cop.cfm/<br>
- The Use of TARP Funds in Support and Reorganization of the Domestic Automotive Industry, 09/09/09, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-090909-cop.cfm/<br>
- The Continued Risk of Troubled Assets, 08/11/09, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-081109-cop.cfm/<br>
- Special Report on Farm Loan Restructuring, 07/21/09, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-072109-cop.cfm/<br>
- TARP Repayments, Including the Repurchase of Stock Warrants, 07/10/09, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-071009-cop.cfm/<br>
- Stress Testing and Shoring Up Bank Capital, 06/09/09, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-060909-cop.cfm/<br>
- Reviving Lending to Small Businesses and Families and the Impact of the TALF, 05/07/09, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-050709-cop.cfm/<br>
- Assessing Treasury’s Strategy: Six Months of TARP, 04/07/09, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-040709-cop.cfm/<br>
- Foreclosure Crisis: Working Toward a Solution, 03/06/09, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-030609-cop.cfm/<br>
- February Oversight Report: Valuing Treasury’s Acquisitions, 02/06/09, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-020609-cop.cfm/<br>
- Special Report on Regulatory Reform, 01/29/09, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-012909-cop.cfm/<br>
- Accountability for the Troubled Asset Relief Program, 01/09/09, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-010909-cop.cfm/<br>
- Questions About the $700 Billion Emergency Economic Stabilization Funds, 12/10/08, http://cop.senate.gov/reports/library/report-121008-cop.cfm/
Main COP Reports Website: http://cop.senate.gov/reports/
SIGTARP Reports.
- April 2012 Quarterly Report to Congress, 4/25/12, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Quarterly%20Reports/April_25_2012_Report_to_Congress.pdf<br>
- Special Report: TARP & SBLF: Impact on Community Banks, 4/25/12, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/TARP_SBLF_Special_Section.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: Factors Affecting Implementation of the Hardest Hit Fund Program, 4/12/12, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/SIGTARP_HHF_Audit.pdf<br>
- January 2012 Quarterly Report to Congress, 1/26/12, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Quarterly%20Reports/January_26_2012_Report_to_Congress.pdf<br>
- Evaluation Report: The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance under TARP, 1/24/12, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/SIGTARP_ExecComp_Audit.pdf<br>
- October 2011 Quarterly Report to Congress, 10/27/11, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Quarterly%20Reports/October2011_Quarterly_Report_to_Congress.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: Exiting TARP: Repayment by the Largest Financial Institutions, 9/29/11, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/Exiting_TARP_Repayments_by_the_Largest_Financial_Institutions.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: Legal Fees Paid Under the Troubled Asset Relief Program: An Expanded Report, 9/28/11, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/G%2009%20OFS%20Contracting%20Final%2011-004%2009-28-2011.pdf<br>
- July 2011 Quarterly Report to Congress, 7/28/11, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Quarterly%20Reports/July2011_Quarterly_Report_to_Congress.pdf<br>
- April 2011 Quarterly Report to Congress, 4/28/11, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Quarterly%20Reports/April2011_Quarterly_Report_to_Congress.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: Treasury’s Process for Contracting for Professional Services under TARP, 4/14/11, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/Treasury's%20Process%20for%20Contracting%20for%20Professional%20Services%20under%20TARP%2004_14_11.pdf<br>
- January 2011 Quarterly Report to Congress, 1/26/11, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Quarterly%20Reports/January2011_Quarterly_Report_to_Congress.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: Extraordinary Financial Assistance Provided to Citigroup, Inc., 1/13/11, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/Extraordinary%20Financial%20Assistance%20Provided%20to%20Citigroup,%20Inc.pdf<br>
- October 2010 Quarterly Report to Congress, 10/26/10, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Quarterly%20Reports/October2010_Quarterly_Report_to_Congress.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: Selecting Fund Managers for the Legacy Securities Public-Private Investment Program, 10/7/10, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/Selecting%20Fund%20Managers%20for%20the%20Legacy%20Securities%20Public-Private%20Investment%20Program%2009_07_10.pdf<br>
- July 2010 Quarterly Report to Congress, 7/21/10, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Quarterly%20Reports/July2010_Quarterly_Report_to_Congress.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: Factors Affecting the Decisions of General Motors and Chrysler to Reduce Their Dealership Networks, 7/19/10, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/Factors%20Affecting%20the%20Decisions%20of%20General%20Motors%20and%20Chrysler%20to%20Reduce%20Their%20Dealership%20Networks%207_19_2010.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: Treasury’s Monitoring of Compliance with TARP Requirements by Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance, 6/29/10, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/Treasury's%20Monitoring%20of%20Compliance%20with%20TARP%20Requirements%20by%20Companies%20Receiving%20Exceptional%20Assistance%206_29_10.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: Assessing Treasury’s Process to Sell Warrants Received from TARP Recipients, 5/11/10, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/Assessing%20Treasury's%20Process%20to%20Sell%20Warrants%20Received%20From%20TARP%20Recipients_May_11_2010.pdf<br>
- April 2010 Quarterly Report to Congress, 4/20/10, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Quarterly%20Reports/April2010_Quarterly_Report_to_Congress.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: Factors Affecting Implementation of the Home Affordable Modification Program, 3/25/10, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/Factors_Affecting_Implementation_of_the_Home_Affordable_Modification_Program.pdf<br>
- January 2010 Quarterly Report to Congress, 1/30/10, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Quarterly%20Reports/January2010_Quarterly_Report_to_Congress.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: Additional Insight on Use of Troubled Asset Relief Program Funds, 12/10/09, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/Additional_Insight_on_Use_of_Troubled_Asset_Relief_Program_Funds.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: Factors Affecting Efforts to Limit Payments to AIG Counterparties, 11/17/09, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/Factors_Affecting_Efforts_to_Limit_Payments_to_AIG_Counterparties.pdf<br>
- October 2009 Quarterly Report to Congress, 10/21/09, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Quarterly%20Reports/October2009_Quarterly_Report_to_Congress.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: Extent of Federal Agencies’ Oversight of AIG Compensation Varied, and Important Challenges Remain, 10/14/09, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/Extent_of_Federal_Agencies'_Oversight_of_AIG_Compensation_Varied_and_Important_Challenges_Remain_10_14_09.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: Emergency Capital Injections Provided to Support the Viability of Bank of America, Other Major Banks, and the U.S. Financial System, 10/5/09, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/Emergency_Capital_Injections_Provided_to_Support_the_Viability_of_Bank_of_America.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: Despite Evolving Rules on Executive Compensation, SIGTARP Survey Provides Insight on Compliance, 8/19/09, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/Sigtarp%20Survey.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: Opportunities to Strengthen Controls to Avoid Undue External Influence over Capital Purchase Program Decision Making, 8/6/09, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/Opportunities_to_Strengthen_Controls.pdf<br>
- July 2009 Quarterly Report to Congress, 7/21/09, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Quarterly%20Reports/July2009_Quarterly_Report_to_Congress.pdf<br>
- Audit Report: SIGTARP Survey Demonstrates that Banks Can Provide Meaningful Information on Their Use of TARP Funds, 7/20/09, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Audit%20Reports/SIGTARP_Survey_Demonstrates_That_Banks_Can_Provide_Meaningfu_%20Information_On_Their_Use_Of_TARP_Funds.pdf<br>
- April 2009 Quarterly Report to Congress, 4/21/09, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Quarterly%20Reports/April2009_Quarterly_Report_to_Congress.pdf<br>
- February 2009 Quarterly Report to Congress, 2/6/09, http://www.sigtarp.gov/Quarterly%20Reports/SIGTARP_Initial_Report_to_the_Congress.pdf<br>
Main SIGTARP ‘Reports & Audits’ Page: http://www.sigtarp.gov/pages/reportsaudits.aspx
GAO Reports.
- TARP: Treasury Needs to Strengthen Its Decision-Making Process on the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility, 02/05/10, http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-10-25/<br>
- TARP: The U.S. Government Role as Shareholder in AIG, Citigroup, Chrysler, and General Motors and Preliminary Views on its Investment Management Activities, 12/16/09, http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-10-325T/<br>
- AUDIT: Office of Financial Stability (TARP) Fiscal Year 2009 Financial Statements, 12/09/09, http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-10-301/<br>
- TARP: Continued Stewardship Needed as Treasury Develops Strategies for Monitoring and Divesting Financial Interests in Chrysler and GM, 11/02/09, http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-10-151/<br>
- TARP: One Year Later, Actions Are Needed to Address Remaining Transparency and Accountability Challenges, 10/08/09, http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-10-16/<br>
- TARP: Status of Government Assistance Provided to AIG, 09/21/09, http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-09-975/<br>
- TARP: Treasury Actions Needed to Make the Home Affordable Modification Program More Transparent and Accountable, 07/23/09, http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-09-837/<br>
- TARP: June 2009 Status of Efforts to Address Transparency and Accountability Issues, 06/17/09, http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-09-658/<br>
- TARP: March 2009 Status of Efforts to Address Transparency and Accountability Issues, 03/31/09, http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-09-504/<br>
- TARP: Status of Efforts to Address Transparency and Accountability Issues, 01/30/09, http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-09-296/<br>
- TARP: Additional Actions Needed to Better Ensure Integrity, Accountability, and Transparency, 12/02/08, http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-09-161/
Main GAO Reports Website: http://www.gao.gov/docsearch/featured/financialmarketsandhousing.html
Treasury Department and Financial Stability Oversight Board (FSOB).
- Financial Stability Plan, One Year Later, 02/10/10, http://www.financialstability.gov/latest/pr_02102010.html<br>
- TARP Exit Strategy, Sec. Geithner letter to Congress, 12/09/09, http://www.financialstability.gov/latest/pr_12092009.html<br>
- TARP Monthly Report - December 2009, 01/11/10, http://www.financialstability.gov/docs/105CongressionalReports/December%2520105(a)_final_1-11-10.pdf
<br>
- TARP and Office of Financial Stability Agency Financial Statement for FY2009, 12/10/09, http://www.financialstability.gov/latest/tg_12092009.html<br>
- TARP Warrant Disposition Report, 01/20/10, http://www.financialstability.gov/latest/pr_01202010.html<br>
- Making Home Affordable Monthly Report - December 2009, 01/19/10, http://www.financialstability.gov/docs/report.pdf<br>
- Small Business Financing Forum, 11/18/09, http://www.financialstability.gov/roadtostability/smallbusinesscommunity.html
- FSOB Quarter Ending 31 December 2009, http://www.financialstability.gov/docs/FSOB/FINSOB_Quarterly_Report%2520_123109.pdf<br>
- FSOB Quarter Ending 30 September 2009, http://www.financialstability.gov/docs/FSOB/FINSOB%20Quarterly%20Report%20_093009.pdf<br>
- FSOB Quarter Ending 30 June 2009, http://www.financialstability.gov/docs/FSOB/FINSOB-Qrtly-Rpt-063009.pdf<br>
- FSOB Quarter Ending 31 March 2009, http://www.financialstability.gov/docs/FSOB/FINSOB-Qrtly-Rpt-033109.pdf<br>
- FSOB Quarter Ending 31 December 2008, http://www.financialstability.gov/docs/FSOB/FINSOB-Qrtly-Rpt-123108.pdf
Main TARP Reports and Transactions: http://www.financialstability.gov/latest/reportsanddocs.html
CBO Reports.
- The Troubled Asset Relief Program: Report on Transactions Through June 17, 2009, http://www.cbo.gov/doc.cfm?index=10056<br>
- The Troubled Asset Relief Program: Report on Transactions Through December 31, 2008, http://www.cbo.gov/doc.cfm?index=9961
Additional CBO Reports Citing TARP: http://www.cbo.gov/search/sitesearch.cfm?criteria=TARP
Additional Resources on TARP Oversight.
- House Financial Services Committee's TARP oversight reports page, http://financialservices.house.gov/TARP.html/<br>
- ProPublica's "Eye on the Bailout", http://bailout.propublica.org/<br>
- Bailout Sleuth blog, http://bailoutsleuth.com/<br>
- Huffington Post's Bailout page, http://www.huffingtonpost.com/news/bailout<br>
- Google News' search of TARP and Bailouts, http://news.google.com/news?hl=en&&q=TARP%20or%20bank%20bailout<br>
- New York Times' TARP page, http://topics.nytimes.com/top/reference/timestopics/subjects/c/credit_crisis/bailout_plan/index.html?scp=1-spot&sq=TARP&st=cse/<br>
- Wall Street Journal's TARP page, http://topics.wsj.com/subject/t/TARP/4043/
Claims that oversight has not been effective.
Government officials overseeing bailout don't know how it's being spent.
A December 31, 2008 Associated Press article stated, "Government officials overseeing a $700 billion bailout have acknowledged difficulties tracking the money and assessing the program's effectiveness." 
A January 29, 2009 article from bloomberg.com stated, "Bloomberg News asked the Treasury Department Jan. 26 to disclose what securities it backed over the past two months in a second round of actions to prop up Bank of America Corp. and Citigroup Inc. Department spokeswoman Stephanie Cutter said Jan. 27 she would seek an answer. None had been provided by the close of business yesterday." 
Banks won't say how they are spending bailout money.
A December 22, 2008 Associated Press article stated, "The Associated Press contacted 21 banks that received at least $1 billion in government money and asked four questions: How much has been spent? What was it spent on? How much is being held in savings, and what's the plan for the rest? None of the banks provided specific answers... Some banks said they simply didn't know where the money was going." 
A review of investor presentations and conference calls by executives of some two dozen US-based banks by the New York Times found that "few cited lending as a priority. An overwhelming majority saw the bailout program as a no-strings-attached windfall that could be used to pay down debt, acquire other businesses or invest for the future." 
Federal government paid $254 billion for assets that were worth only $176 billion.
On February 5, 2009, Elizabeth Warren, chairperson of the Congressional Oversight Panel, told the Senate Banking Committee that during 2008, the federal government paid $254 billion for assets that were worth only $176 billion.
Bailout recipients spent $114 million on lobbying and campaign contributions in 2008.
On February 4, 2009, it was reported that during 2008, the companies that received bailout money had spent $114 million on lobbying and campaign contributions. These companies received $295 billion in bailout money. Sheila Krumholz, executive director of The Center for Responsive Politics, said of this information, "Even in the best economic times, you won't find an investment with a greater payoff than what these companies have been getting." 
Bank of America throws $10 million Super Bowl party.
A February 2, 2009 ABC News article titled, "Bailed Out Bank of America Sponsors Super Bowl Fun Fest" stated that Bank of America sponsored a Super Bowl event at a five star resort in Palm Beach, which was described as "... a five day carnival-like affair... 850,000 square feet of sports games and interactive entertainment attractions for football fans..." Although the bank refused to answer ABC News' questions about the cost of the event, a confidential source told ABC that the cost was approximately $10 million.
Oversight Efforts.
XBRL Proposed as tool to aid in TARP Oversight.
At the Domestic Policy Subcommittee hearing of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee on March 11, 2009, XBRL was proposed as a mechanism for automating the data entry and processing of financial filings to aid in TARP oversight.

</doc>
<doc id="20525976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525976" title="Brian Wheeler">
Brian Wheeler

""Brian Wheeler" is also a British dwarf actor who appeared in BBC children's show Trapped!."
Brian Wheeler, commonly known by the nickname "Wheels", is the play-by-play radio announcer for the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association and former host of a daily radio program.
Biography.
Early years.
Wheeler grew up in Southern California, where he was exposed at an early age to some of the most revered voices in sports broadcasting history, including Vin Scully of the Los Angeles Dodgers and Chick Hearn of the Los Angeles Lakers.
Wheeler attended Loyola University in Chicago, where he earned a degree in Broadcasting and Communications.
Early broadcast career.
Brian Wheeler began his radio career as a broadcaster for his alma mater, Loyola University Chicago, where he called play-by-play for soccer, women's softball, and basketball for station WLUW-FM. 
Wheeler went on to work in a series of broadcasting jobs in Chicago, including time working for Northwestern University, the Chicago White Sox, and SportsChannel. He worked for the NBA's Chicago Bulls during their first championship season.
Wheeler moved from Chicago to Seattle, Washington, to take a job working for the Seattle SuperSonics, remaining there for two seasons, also hosting a radio talk show on the team's flagship radio station.
Wheeler later worked as a broadcaster for the WNBA team the Sacramento Monarchs, also hosting pre-game and post-game shows for the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association.
Career in Portland.
In 1998, Wheeler came to Portland, Oregon to take a job as radio play-by-play announcer for the NBA's Portland Trail Blazers. Wheeler was placed in the difficult position of replacing broadcaster Bill Schonely, the team's radio play-by-play announcer since its inaugural season in 1970–71—a situation which he later likened to entering a "hornets' nest". Wheeler was able to put distance between himself and Schonely by adhering to the promise made to his new employers to call games "like a fan would call them". The resulting mixture of shrill "homerism" and forthright honesty soon found its niche with fans.
Wheeler is best known for his frenetic style, loud and passionate delivery, and trademark calls such as "BOOM-SHAKA-LAKA!" following energetic Trail Blazer dunks and hard to sink shots. During his radio broadcasts he's also known to call out energy driven lines such as: "Yes sir!", "Ring it up!" and "Ooh, that was nasty!". Whenever player Nicholas Batum makes a dunk, however, he replaces his "BOOM-SHAKA-LAKA!" call with "BATUM-SHAKA-LAKA!". After the final play of each Trail Blazer win, Wheeler concludes by saying, "And once again we can say: It's a great day to be a Blazer!"
Wheeler's radio partner in the role of analyst is former Trail Blazer player Antonio Harvey. 
Wheeler hosted a daily radio talk show on KXTG-FM 95.5 The Game called "Wheels at Work"(originally "Wheels After Work").
In September 2010, Wheeler announced that he would step down from the "Wheels at Work" radio show to spend more time working on the Blazers broadcast side of his life. 
In addition, he is a "Sports Broadcasting" course instructor for the online sports career training school Sports Management Worldwide in Portland.

</doc>
<doc id="20525984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525984" title="Bulimia Banquet">
Bulimia Banquet

Bulimia Banquet was a punk band from Hollywood, California, USA, who formed in 1986. The band was featured in Lisa Rose Apramian's riot grrrl documentary, "Not Bad for a Girl".
Members.
The band consisted of Ingrid Baumgart, Alan Hansford, Jula Bell, and Jason Greenwood. Mia Ferraro, Dez Cadena, Steve Drojensky,and Travis Johnson were also in the band for a period of time.
Related Projects.
Jula Bell, the bassist and co-founder of Bulimia Banquet, was also in many other groups such as Bobsled, Marc Spitz Freestyle and The Fags. She also played autoharp in the L.A. based rock group, Miss Derringer. Ingrid Baumgart was in the all female punk band, Raszebrae and Malicious Grind. Jason Greenwood was also in the T.V.T.V's (Flipside Records) and Punk Rock Vato's with Jamie Pina (Chemical People), Pat Hoed (aka. Adam Bomb), and Rick Agnew (The Adolescents, Christian death)

</doc>
<doc id="20525987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525987" title="Tomoaki Satoh">
Tomoaki Satoh

Tomoaki Satoh(佐藤 友亮, born in Fujisawa, Kanagawa, Japan) is a Japanese professional baseball player. He is currently with the Saitama Seibu Lions in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball. In 2008, he was selected Most Valuable Player of the 2008 Asia Series.

</doc>
<doc id="20525997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525997" title="Moduin">
Moduin

Moduin, Modoin, or Mautwin (, c.770–840/3) was a Frankish churchman and Latin poet of the Carolingian Renaissance. He was a close friend of Theodulf of Orléans, a contemporary and courtier of the emperors Charlemagne and Louis the Pious, and a member of the Palatine Academy. In signing his own poems he used the nom de plume "Naso" in reference to the "cognomen" of Ovid. From 815 (or earlier) until his death he was the Bishop of Autun.
Ecclesiastical career.
Moduin's early career in the church was spent at Saint-Georges in Lyon. He is first recorded in the diocese of Autun in 815, but it is not certain when he was elected or consecrated. He supported Louis the Pious and Charles the Bald during the civil wars of the 830s. After the deposition of Agobard at the Synod of Thionville in 835, Moduin took over many of the responsibilities of the Archbishop of Lyon. It was during his administration of Lyon that Florus accused him of mistreating the clergy.
Moduin may also have been the abbot of Moutiers-Saint-Jean in the Diocese of Langres.
Literature.
Moduin was a court poet and as such his two surviving verses are secular. He is notable for his praise of Charlemagne and he has been called his panegyrist. Moduin's poem to Theodulf and especially his "Egloga" were a major influence on the later Carolingian poet Ermoldus Nigellus. Even Moduin's more famous contemporary Alcuin of York, quotes Moduin in his "En tuus Albinus".
The two books of Moduin's "Egloga", about the value of poetry, are traditionally dated to 804–10, before the poem "Karolus Magnus et Leo Papa" usually attributed to Einhard. The "Egloga" are modelled after the eclogues of Virgil and Calpurnius and likewise designed as a vehicle for praising the emperor, the Augustus. The poem is a lively debate between two unnamed men—a young poet, the "puer", and an old poet, the "senex"—that mirrors Virgil's Tityrus and Meliboeus. The identification of the young poet with Moduin himself is purely speculative.
The first book begins with the youth's unsophisticated attempts to praise his older counterpart and to laud the "rebirth of 'golden Rome'". This last attempt has been often misread as a "manifesto of the Carolingian Renaissance", but in fact the "senex" ridicules it. It contains, nonetheless, some of the most explicit "renaissance" imagery of the period: "Aurea Roma iterum renovata renascitur orbi" ("Golden Rome is reborn and restored anew to the world!"). Peter Godman writes that with conclusion of the first book of Moduin's "Egloga" "Carolingian poetry achieves a new self-awareness."
Moduin's other poem, less impressive than the first and less "expertly written", was composed to comfort Theodulf when the latter was in exile; this after Theodulf had written him a letter describing the political dissension then racking the empire in terms of a bird allegory borrowed from his earlier poetry. Moduin eventually advises Theodulf to throw himself on "Caesar's" (i.e. Charlemagne's) mercy.

</doc>
<doc id="20526010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526010" title="Shirley Love (politician)">
Shirley Love (politician)

Shirley D. Love from West Virginia and Democratic member of the West Virginia Senate, representing the 11th District since his appointment August 14, 1994. He is a former broadcast journalist, having spent the majority of his career with WOAY-TV in Oak Hill, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20526057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526057" title="Ron Stollings">
Ron Stollings

Ronny Douglas Stollings is a Democratic member of the West Virginia Senate, representing the 7th District since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20526069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526069" title="Fortress chess">
Fortress chess

Fortress chess (or Russian Four-Handed chess) is a four-player chess variant played in Russia in 18th and 19th centuries. The board contains 192 squares including the fortresses at its corners. The fortresses contain 16 squares and various pieces are placed inside.

</doc>
<doc id="20526113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526113" title="Administrative liability in English Law">
Administrative liability in English Law

Administrative liability in English Law is an area of law concerning the tortious liability of public bodies in English law. The existence of private law tort applying to public bodies is a result of Diceyan constitutional theory suggesting that it would be unfair if a separate system of liability existing for government and officials. Therefore a public body which acts ultra vires is liable in tort is a cause of action can be established just like any individual would be. An ultra vires action will not, per se, give rise to damages Therefore a claimant will have to fit into one of the recognised private law courses of action. These areas in which a public body can incur private liability in tort were described by Lord Browne Wilkinson in X and others (minors) v Bedfordshire County Council [1995 3 All ER 353 (HL).
It is not enough that there is a careless performance of a statutory duty in the absence of any other common law right of action.
Breach of statutory duty.
For an action for breach of statutory duty to succeed:
Breach of a common law duty of care (negligence).
It is possible for a public authority to be liable in the law of negligence. There can be no liability here for mere carelessness performance of a statutory duty or power in the absence of any other common law right of action.
A policy/operational distinction was once apparent in the court's reasoning. They suggested that they are more willing to attach liability to an act or omission of a public authority where the duty of care claimed emerges from the "operation" of the public authority rather than the "policy" pursued by it. So, for example, in the Dorset Yacht case the House of Lords decided that if the damage caused by a group of “borstal boys” had been the result of a policy decision to grant them greater freedom, it would not be actionable. If it were actionable, it would require the assessment of the policy, its impact on young offenders, the public, and public resources, a task which the court could not undertake. However, liability could be found where the public authority had been negligent in the exercise of the policy (i.e. negligent in the context of allowing greater freedom to young offenders). This reasoning was also adopted in the case of "Anns v Merton". On the one hand, if the claimant had suffered damage as a result of a faulty inspection, that would be actionable operational negligence. On the other hand, it would be insufficient to show that structural flaws in the property would have been found if more inspections had taken place, if the lack of inspections was the result of a policy by the public authority. In the latter case the claim would not be actionable. However, the distinction now plays a relatively minor role in definition the duty of care owed by public authorities. The distinction now forms just one factor in deciding whether a decision is justiciable or non-justiciable, which is a decision to be taken by the court regardless of the views of the public authority itself. It is now more common to limit public authority liability on the basis of other factors.
The test for liability in negligence laid down in "Anns v Merton" (concerning the liability of both public and private defendants) was disapproved in the subsequent case of "Caparo Industries v Dickman", with the result that the extent of the duty of care of public authority defends would primarily result from asking whether it would be "fair, just and reasonable" to impose liability. In relation to public authority defendants, a wide range of factors would be considered including relevant statutes and a wide range of policy factors. The role of justiciability is therefore much less significant, although it can still influence a decision on whether liability is fair, just and reasonable.
The extent of liability in different areas has therefore been decided by a string of cases examining where it would be fair, just and reasonable to impose liability. In "Hill v Chief Constable of West Yorkshire", it was decided that the police owed no general duty of care to potential victims of crime. A determining factor was that the House of Lords believed that it was the discretion of a chief police officer to decide how available resources should be deployed and which leads should be acted upon and which possibilities ruled out. The House was also not prepared to risk the possibility of encouraging "defensive" policing whereby the police would shun any potential for liability even where to do so would further the case. The court in "Capital and Counties plc v Hampshire County Council" decided that a fire brigade only owed a duty of care to the owners of the property to which it responded to avoid doing damage to the property which would not otherwise occur. In this instance, the relationship was insufficiently proximate, another, separate, requirement of "Caparo" test. This conclusion was extended also to the coastguard in an analogous case.
Misfeasance in public office.
Misfeasance in public office is considered to be a special kind of public law tort. It occurs when there is a malicious or deliberate exercise or non-exercise of a statutory or common law power by an official which causes loss to a plaintiff which has been foreseen.

</doc>
<doc id="20526128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526128" title="Brooks McCabe">
Brooks McCabe

Brooks F. McCabe, Jr. is a Democratic member of the West Virginia Senate, representing the 17th District, Kanawha County. First elected in 1998, Brooks served for eight years as chairman of the Senate Committee on Economic Development. He is a member of the Senate committees on finance banking & insurance, economic development, natural resources, pensions, and government organization. Senator McCabe has taken a leadership role in legilation relating to major reforms in workers compensation, tax policy abd other past employ benefits (retirement healthcare). In addition, he has sponsored key legislation in economic and community development as well as planning and land use.
McCabe’s day job is managing member of West Virginia Commercial LLC; he has 30 years of professional experience in commercial and investment real estate, with much of that time specialized in rehabilitating historic properties. McCabe has been recognized for efforts in the redevelopment of downtown Charleston’s Historic Village District and downtown Fairmont’s Historic District.
An active supporter of downtown revitalization, McCabe was a longtime board member of Charleston Renaissance Corporation. He strongly supports the National Trust for Historic Preservation and its Main Street Program.
Other boards on which he has served include the Chemical Alliance Zone, the Charleston Area Medical Center, West Virginia State College Foundation, the University of Vermont, and The GOW School (a private college preparatory school for dyslexic students in South Wales, NY).

</doc>
<doc id="20526141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526141" title="Mark Zug">
Mark Zug

Mark Zug is an artist and illustrator who is known for his work with the Septimus Heap series and Harlan Ellison's adaption of I, Robot. He has illustrated many collectible card games, including and Dune, as well as books and magazines. He lives in Pennsylvania.
Biography.
Artist Mark Zug has been drawing from his childhood. He discovered his passion for painting to bring to life things not available to the senses - dinosaurs, superheroes, Jules-Vernean submarines, imaginary cars, races of ancient astronauts, starships inspired by then-fresh Star Trek etc. Turning continuously to fiction for inspiration, he discovered the authors Frank Herbert and Tolkien as a teen. Then giving his art a perhaps-needed break after high school, he started working as a class-A machinist at a nearby factory while experimenting with a musical career.
Rise to prominence.
He returned to art, inspired by Frank Frazetta and illustrators of the Brandywine School. In 1985 he returned to art and started painting in oil, and attended art school for 2.5 years (no diploma). He capped his tutorial by ghost-painting western novel covers and penciling historical comic strips on the side. His first big break came in 1992 illustrating Harlan Ellison's I, Robot: The Illustrated Screenplay, for which he also did 160 pages of fully painted comics. He fulfilled a long-held dream illustrating Frank Herbert's Dune universe - in the form of Last Unicorn's collectible card game of the same name, which proved a springboard into game illustration.
Present.
His works have appeared on the covers of famous novels by famous authors like Tanith Lee, Diana Wynne Jones, Hilari Bell, the Dragonlance series, Star Wars comics, the magazines Popular Science, Dragon, Dungeon, Duelist, Inquest, Star Wars Gamer, Amazing Stories, and graced many fantasy game products and brands like Shadowrun, Battletech, Dune, and Magic: The Gathering. His work is included in the book "Masters of Dragonlance Art".
His first work with children's novels was illustrating the cover art and the inside pictures for the Septimus Heap series by Angie Sage. He has illustrated all five released novels.
Critical acclaim.
Mark Zug has received quite a few accolades for his visually stunning artwork. His work in the Nancy Yi Fan novel Swordbird was acclaimed, saying that "Mark Zug's black-and-white drawings repeat strategically, offering a visual underpinning to the characters and story line." He was nominated for a Chesley and received the Jack Gaughan Award for Best Emerging Artist in 2001.
Bibliography.
Novels:
Interior Art:
Cover Art:
Dungeons & Dragons
Awards.
Mark Zug has won a few awards for his outstanding works

</doc>
<doc id="20526146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526146" title="Amanullin">
Amanullin

Amanullin is a cyclic nonribosomal peptide. It is an amatoxin, all of which are found in several members of the "Amanita" genus of mushrooms. The oral of amanullin is approximately 20 mg/kg in mice, however it is non-toxic in humans.
Toxicology.
Like other amatoxins, amanullin is an inhibitor of RNA polymerase II. Amanullin has a species dependent and specific attraction to the enzyme RNA polymerase II. Upon ingestion, it binds to the RNA polymerase II enzyme, effectively causing cytolysis of hepatocytes (liver cells).

</doc>
<doc id="20526158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526158" title="El Afweyn">
El Afweyn

El Afweyn, also known as Ceel Afweyn, is a town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia. It is the third largest city in the province.
Demographics.
The broader El Afweyn District has a total population of 65,797 residents. The city is primarily inhabited by people from the Somali ethnic group, with the Habar Yoonis, Sacad Yoonis and Habar Jeclo (Biciide) Isaaq sub-clans well-represented.

</doc>
<doc id="20526164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526164" title="John Pat Fanning">
John Pat Fanning

John Pat Fanning is a Democratic member of the West Virginia Senate, representing the 6th District since 1996. He earlier served from his appointment in June 1968 through 1980, and from 1984 through 1988.
In 1988, Fanning was indicted on bribery and conspiracy charges as part of a grand jury investigation into corruption in Mingo County, part of Fanning's district.

</doc>
<doc id="20526169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526169" title="Madhisho">
Madhisho

Madhisho is a city in the northwestern Sanaag region of Somalia. The city is populated by the Habar Yoonis clan.

</doc>
<doc id="20526190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526190" title="Sweet Alice Harris">
Sweet Alice Harris

Alice Harris, also known as "Sweet Alice", is a community organizer based in the neighborhood of Watts, Los Angeles, California. She is the founder and executive director of Parents of Watts, a local youth outreach group.
Harris was featured on an episode of after a freak 2003 flood damaged her home.
Honors.
In 2002, California lieutenant governor Cruz Bustamante named Harris Woman of the Year in honor of her community outreach efforts through Parents of Watts.
In 2007, The Women's Conference awarded Harris a Minerva Award.
In 2008, Harris received an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree from the University of Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="20526207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526207" title="Joseph M. Minard">
Joseph M. Minard

Joseph M. "Joe" Minard is a Democratic member of the West Virginia Senate, representing the 12th District since 1998. He earlier served from 1990 through 1994. He was a Delegate in the West Virginia House of Delegates from his appointment in 1983 through 1990. Senator Minard is the current President Pro Tempore of the West Virginia Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="20526209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526209" title="Ben Sobieski">
Ben Sobieski

Benjamin James Sobieski (born May 3, 1979) is a retired American football player. He attended Mahtomedi Senior High School and the University of Iowa before being drafted in the fifth round of the 2003 NFL Draft (number 151 overall) by the Buffalo Bills.
A "Parade" and SuperPrep All-American who also lettered in track and hockey, Sobieski's career was hampered by injuries. He spent six years at Iowa under two head coaches (Hayden Fry and Kirk Ferentz), missing both the 1999 and 2000 seasons due to shoulder injuries.
After being released by Buffalo, Sobieski was signed to the practice squad of the San Francisco 49ers. He was brought up to the regular team, but never played due to injury.

</doc>
<doc id="20526248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526248" title="Manga Time Jumbo">
Manga Time Jumbo

From February 1992 through October 2000, a "New Yonkoma Artist Panel" was convened. Every month, two to three works by newcomers would be included in the magazine, and readers would vote on them by sending in their opinions on a reply card. The winners of the contests would have their works serialized. Winners during this period include Ryōji Sekine, Poisson d'Avril, Takeshi Ōsawa, Shōko Fujita, Uina Kinomoto, Tōko Shiwasu, Kyūten Yuminaga, Nantoka, Tomoko Inoue, Shihori Watanabe, Eiji Ide, and Hairan.
"Manga Time Jumbo" had a "renewal" of sorts when it picked up series dropped by "Manga Time Pop" when it ceased publication in December 2003. The magazine's main draw, however, is due to its serialization of new works.
Currently serialized works.
Listed alphabetically.
Previously serialized works.
Listed in order of appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="20526252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526252" title="Anthony Seuseu">
Anthony Seuseu

Anthony Seuseu is a former New Zealand rugby league player. His position of choice was as a prop forward. He is the younger brother of Jerry Seuseu.
Playing career.
Early years.
A player in the Lion Red Cup, in 1998 Seuseu played for the Mangere East Hawks in the Auckland Rugby League competition.
In New Zealand.
Seuseu then joined the Hibiscus Coast Raiders, playing in New Zealand's Bartercard Cup. He toured Australia with the New Zealand Residents in 2000. Like his brother Jerry he eventually made the New Zealand Warriors squad, playing one National Rugby League game in 2001. In 2002 he was again in the squad however he did not play any first grade games.
Move to England.
Seuseu signed for the Halifax in 2003, a club in the English Super League. However due to work permit problems his arrival was held up and he was rushed into the squad, playing his first game the week he arrived. He played twelve games for Halifax, however his time there was not a happy one. By March he was playing games for the Academy side. He left the club in June and was later named in a "Most Embarrassing Team" selection.
He joined Doncaster for the remainder of the year, playing in the National Leagues.
Retirement.
Seuseu has since returned to New Zealand. In 2007 he was the trainer for the Auckland Harbour U/18's side.

</doc>
<doc id="20526262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526262" title="Mike Oliverio">
Mike Oliverio

Michael Angelo "Mike" Oliverio, II (born August 6, 1963) was a State Senator for the 13th District and the 2010 Democratic nominee for U.S. Representative for . He previously served in the West Virginia House of Delegates.
Early life, education and career.
Oliverio was born August 6, 1963 in Fairmont, West Virginia. He served in the United States Army, where he achieved the rank of Captain.
Oliverio is currently employed as a financial planner for Northwestern Mutual.
West Virginia Legislature.
Oliverio was first elected to public office representing the 44th House District (portions of Monongalia County) in 1992. In 1994, he was elected to the 13th Senatorial District of the West Virginia. Reelected in 1998, 2002, and 2006, Oliverio served as the chairman of the Labor Committee and vice-chairman of the Judiciary Committee. One of Oliverio's legislative accomplishments was a law which allows West Virginia's state government to invest in stocks rather than just fixed-income securities as before. Oliverio did not seek reelection in 2010 due to his candidacy for Congress. His term ended in January 2011.
Political positions.
Oliverio is considered to be a conservative Democrat and has espoused issues such as reducing the national debt. He is pro-life on the issue of abortion. He also supports an amendment to the West Virginia Constitution to ban gay marriage.
Along with Delegate Jonathan Miller, a Republican, he served as the state co-chair of the American Legislative Exchange Council, a group which that seeks ""to advance the Jeffersonian principles of free markets, limited government, federalism, and individual liberty"". Oliverio was also thanked in a 2006 speech by President George W. Bush for his assistance in securing the confirmation of Samuel Alito to the United States Supreme Court. Bush said, "I appreciate Senator Michael Oliverio, he's here. Mike I think did the country a great service when he worked on behalf of Judge Sam Alito to get him confirmed by the United States Senate. I appreciate your -- I want to thank you for that, Mike." 
In October 2009, Oliverio and House of Delegates majority leader Brent Boggs attended a "Pastor's Briefing" sponsored by the Family Policy Council of West Virginia. The Family Policy Council has recently opposed attempts to enact employment non-discrimination laws and regulations as well as anti-bullying legislation. It was criticized for its production of a video advertisement which depicted the gay and lesbian community as "snipers targeting families," a video which Oliverio said "crossed the line".
On March 20, 2010, West Virginia Republican Party chair Doug McKinney referred to Oliverio's conservative political leanings by saying, "Sen. Oliverio has always been a conservative guy. He votes with the Republican on committees. We've joked for years he needs to come over to the party who thinks like he does."
2010 U.S. Congressional campaign.
On February 1, 2010, Oliverio announced his candidacy for West Virginia's 1st congressional district seat. He defeated 14-term incumbent Alan Mollohan in the Democratic primary on May 11, 2010. Oliverio indicated his concerns about the national debt served as the primary impetus for his campaign. Olivero announced his interest in entering the 2012 Congressional race to face David McKinley, but ultimately decided not to run.
Personal life.
Oliverio resides in Morgantown, West Virginia with his wife and two children. His father, Michael Angelo Oliverio (Mike Oliverio, Sr.) was a former Monongalia County clerk. 
A Roman Catholic, Oliverio says that it is God's will whether or not he wins election. He told the "Times West Virginian": "We start every campaign by putting it in God’s hands. And we know that his will shall be done. And if it is his will for us to win, we will win. And if not, he has a higher and better purpose for me somewhere else."

</doc>
<doc id="20526282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526282" title="Zion Levy">
Zion Levy

Zion Rajamim Levy (, pronounced "Tzion Rachamim Levy") (1925–2008) was the Sephardic Chief Rabbi of Panama for 57 years. His tenure is thought to be the longest of any religious leader in the region. He built up a Jewish community of 6,000-7,000 Torah-observant Jews in a country of 3 million.
Early life.
Levy was born in Jerusalem shortly after his parents immigrated to Palestine from Morocco. His father was Rabbi Yaakov Levy, a noted kabbalist at Beit El Yeshiva. Levy studied at Porat Yosef Yeshiva.
As Chief Rabbi.
He arrived in Panama in 1951 at the urging of the Jerusalem beth din. 
Levy built the Shevet Ahim Congregation and community in Panama from scratch. To prevent power struggles between community factions and himself, Levy established himself as the sole Torah authority. He also laid down the conversion law immediately: No conversions will be performed in Panama, ruling that all converts must undergo conversions in Orthodox rabbinical courts outside Panama and then be subject to a two-year probation period in Panama, where they would have to prove their commitment to a Torah lifestyle.
In his later years, Levy oversaw the construction of new synagogues in Panama City and worked to smooth relations with the country’s Arab and Muslim communities. He frequently phoned the country’s imam for a talk.
By the time of his death, the Shevet Ahim community numbered 10,000 Jews, 6,000 of whom are Torah-observant. The community included several synagogues, mikvahs, three Jewish schools, a yeshiva, a kollel, and a girls' seminary, along with several kosher butchers.
Death.
Levy suffered from ill health for several years. In October 2008, he felt unwell and was visited by two physicians from Israel's Tel Hashomer Hospital. The doctors found him in critical condition and recommended that he be flown to Israel to Tel Hashomer. His condition improved initially, but on the evening of 23 November 2008 he succumbed to his illness at the age of 83. He was eulogized at Porat Yosef Yeshiva.
Levy was survived by his sons, David and Haim Levy. His wife, Rubissa Sarah, died shortly after Levy's Death. Haim Levy, a resident of Jerusalem, took over his father's post in Panama as Chief Rabbi. He later resigned the post, and returned to Israel. 

</doc>
<doc id="20526283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526283" title="Mount Mariveles">
Mount Mariveles

Mount Mariveles is a dormant volcano located in the province of Bataan in the Philippines. Mt. Mariveles and the adjacent Mount Natib comprise 80.9 percent of the total land area of the province. The mountain and adjacent cones lie opposite the city of Manila across Manila Bay, providing a beautiful setting for the sunsets seen from Manila.
Location.
Mount Mariveles lies at the southern end of the Zambales Mountains in the Bataan Peninsula, west of Manila Bay. Bataan province belongs to the Central Luzon or Region III of the Philippines.
Physical features.
Mariveles is a massive stratovolcano topped with a summit caldera which drains to the north. The highest peak, called Mariveles, has an elevation of asl. Mounts Pantingan, Bataan, Tarak, and Vintana are the other peaks of the volcano-caldera complex, which has a base diameter of .
Mount Samat on the northern slope and Mount Limay on the eastern slope, are major, youthful-looking parasitic cones of the volcano.
Mariveles is still thermally active with the following hot springs located within the complex: Tiis Spring, Saysain Spring, and Pucot Spring.
Eruptions.
There are no recorded historical eruptions from Mariveles caldera, with the last activity indicated by Radiocarbon dating occurring around mid-Holocene or about 2050 BCE.
Geology.
Rock type is predominantly biotite, hornblende, and andesite, with dacite flows and dacitic tuffs similar to nearby Mount Natib.
Mount Mariveles is on the Western Bataan Lineament volcanic belt of Luzon, which includes Mount Pinatubo, site of the second largest eruption of the last 20th century.
Listings.
The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS), the Philippine government branch that deals with volcanology in the country, lists Mariveles as a potentially active volcano for the age of its last eruption and active thermal features.
Climbing Mariveles.
There are already three peaks familiar to the local mountaineering community namely: Tarak Ridge, Pantingan or Banayan Peak, and Mariveles Ridge. The rest of the peaks in the caldera are still waiting to be explored.
Tarak Ridge is the more well-known destination on Mount Mariveles with its jump-off point situated at Barangay Alas-asin, Mariveles, Bataan. Pantingan Peak (locally called Banayan Peak) can be accessed through Sitio Duhat, Saysain, Bagac, Bataan. Mariveles Ridge can be accessed through Sitio Parca, Mariveles, Bataan.

</doc>
<doc id="20526297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526297" title="Heis (Town)">
Heis (Town)

Heis (), is a coastal town in the northern Sanaag province of Somalia.
History.
Heis is said to be identical with the ancient trading post of Mundus that is described in the "Periplus of the Erythraean Sea", an anonymous account by an Alexandrian salesman from the 1st century CE. Pottery and shards of Roman glassware from a time between the 1st and 5th centuries have been found near the city.
Situated in the Sanaag region, local control is disputed between the autonomous Puntland and Somaliland regions.

</doc>
<doc id="20526306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526306" title="Rigid gas permeable">
Rigid gas permeable

Rigid gas permeable lenses are rigid contact lenses made of oxygen-permeable polymers. Initially developed in the late 1970s, and through the 1980s and 1990s, they were an improvement over prior 'hard' lenses that restricted oxygen transmission to the eye. 
Rigid lenses are able to replace the natural shape of the cornea with a new refracting surface. This means that a regular (spherical) rigid contact lens can provide good level of vision in people who have astigmatism or distorted corneal shapes as with keratoconus. However, they require a period of adaptation before full comfort is achieved.

</doc>
<doc id="20526307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526307" title="Charles D. Coryell">
Charles D. Coryell

Charles DuBois Coryell (February 21, 1912 – January 7, 1971) was an American chemist who was one of the discoverers of the element promethium. 
Coryell earned a Ph.D at California Institute of Technology in 1935 as the student of Arthur A. Noyes. During the late 1930s he engaged in research on the structure of hemoglobin in association with Linus Pauling. He also taught at UCLA before 1942. In 1942 he accepted a position in the Manhattan Project, for which he was Chief of the Fission Products Section, both at the University of Chicago (1942–1946) and at Clinton Laboratories (now Oak Ridge National Laboratory) in Oak Ridge, Tennessee (1943–1946). His group had responsibility for characterizing radioactive isotopes created by the fission of uranium and for developing a process for chemical separation of plutonium.
In 1945 he was a member of the Clinton Laboratories team, with Jacob Marinsky and Lawrence E. Glendenin, that isolated the previously undocumented rare earth element 61. Marinsky and Glendenin produced this element (later named "promethium") both by extraction from fission products and by bombarding neodymium with neutrons. They isolated it using ion-exchange chromatography. Publication of the finding was delayed until later due to the war. Marinsky and Glendenin announced the discovery at a meeting of the American Chemical Society in September 1947. Upon the suggestion of Coryell's wife, the team named the new element for the mythical Prometheus, who stole fire from the gods and was punished for the act by Zeus. They had also considered naming it "clintonium" for the facility where it was isolated.
Coryell was among the Manhattan Project scientists who in 1945 signed the Szilárd petition urging President Harry S. Truman not to use the first atomic bomb "without restriction," urging him instead to "describe and demonstrate" its power and give Japan "the opportunity to consider the consequences of further refusal to surrender."
With Dr. Nathan Sugarman, Coryell was co-editor of "Radiochemical Studies: The Fission Projects", a volume of 336 research papers from the Manhattan Project.
After World War II he joined the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1945 as a faculty member in inorganic and radiochemistry. At MIT he conducted research in fission fine-structure and beta decay theory until his death in 1971.
In 1954 he received the Louis Lipsky Fellowship at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot, Israel. In 1960 he received the American Chemical Society's Glenn T. Seaborg Award for Nuclear Chemistry. The Charles D. Coryell Award of the Division of Nuclear Chemistry and Technology of the American Chemical Society, which is awarded annually to undergraduate students doing research projects in nuclear-related areas, is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20526320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526320" title="Basic Creek Reservoir">
Basic Creek Reservoir

The Basic Creek Reservoir is one of three reservoirs in the City of Albany, New York's water system. The reservoir is located in Westerlo, New York and was constructed from 1928-1932 by damming the Basic Creek and flooding former farmland and forest. It is bisected by the Albany County Route 404 causeway.
The Basic Creek Reservoir serves as a feeder reservoir, allowing water from the Basic Creek watershed to be diverted to the Hannacroix Creek, which in turn flows into the Alcove Reservoir, the primary source of water for the city.
Fishing is allowed in the Basic Creek Reservoir if a permit is bought. There are smallmouth bass, largemouth bass, black crappie, walleye, bluegill, northern pike,and chain pickerel.

</doc>
<doc id="20526327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526327" title="Peter Sørensen">
Peter Sørensen

Peter Sørensen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20526332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526332" title="Damon Silvers">
Damon Silvers

Damon Silvers is a lawyer and an associate general counsel for the AFL-CIO. Silvers led the AFL-CIO legal team that won severance payments for laid off Enron and WorldCom workers. 
He is a member of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Standing Advisory Group, the Financial Accounting Standards Board User Advisory Council, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences Corporate Governance Task Force
On November 14, 2008 Mr. Silvers was appointed by Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and the majority leader of the Senate Harry Reid (following consultation with the minority leaders of Congress ) to serve on the five-member Congressional Oversight Panel created to oversee the implementation of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act.
Mr. Silvers received his J.D. with honors from Harvard Law School. He received his M.B.A. with high honors from Harvard Business School and is a Baker Scholar. Mr. Silvers graduated from Harvard College in 1986, summa cum laude, and has studied history at Kings College, Cambridge University. At Harvard, Silvers was a leader of the anti-apartheid Divestment movement, and was one of two undergraduates invited by Local 26 of the union which represented Harvard's dining hall staff to join their negotiating team in 1986. He attended Bellevue Elementary School and Open High School in Richmond, Virginia.
References.
http://www.sec.gov/spotlight/cra-oversight-roundtable/bios/silvers.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20526334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526334" title="Awang Faroek Ishak">
Awang Faroek Ishak

Awang Faroek Ishak (born 31 July 1948 in Tenggarong, East Kalimantan) is the current Governor of East Kalimantan, one of the wealthiest provinces in Indonesia. 
Awang Faroek assumed office on December 2008. 
Early life.
Ishak was known as a lecturer in Mulawarman University in Samarinda, he gained the position of Dean of Education Faculty and 3rd University Director Assistant. 
Political life.
Ishak was a member of the People's Representative Council for two terms, from 1987 to 1992 and from 1992 to 1997. After the reforma era, Ishak was chosen to be an acting regent for the newly created regency of East Kutai that was previously part of Kutai Kartanegara Regency. Ishak was regent from 1999 until 2003 when he resigned to run for the position of governor of East Kalimantan. However Ishak was defeated in the election by Suwarna Abdul Fatah.
When the first direct elections for regent were held in East Kutai in 2006 Ishak became a candidate, running against his former vice regent Mahyudin. 
Ishak re-took the Regent position from Mahyudin after winning the East Kalimantan gubernatorial election in 2008 in two rounds. In the first round, Ishak and his running mate Farid Wadjdy won first place, defeating Achmad Amins and Jusuf SK. But because Ishak did not poll strongly enough to win outright (less than the 30% of the ballot needed to be declared the winner), the KPU (Election Committee) declared that a second round would be necessary with Ishak and Achmad Amins as the two runoff candidates. The second round of the gubernatorial elections were held in October 2008. Ishak won more than 50% of popular vote and became the 12th Governor of East Kalimantan.

</doc>
<doc id="20526337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526337" title="Porter Ranch fire">
Porter Ranch fire

The Porter Ranch fire was a brush fire that broke out near the oil fields of Oat Mountain, north of Porter Ranch, California, on Monday October 13, 2008. The cause of this fire was a power line falling onto dry brush near a drainage area. A state of emergency was declared by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger on October 13 in Los Angeles and Ventura Counties The fire burned more than and cost US$7.9 million to fight. This fire occurred with two others, one in San Diego County and another at the eastern end of the San Fernando Valley. One person lost their life due to the low visibility on highways because of the smoke from the fire.
Evacuations.
Evacuations were ordered for Box Canyon, Woolsey Canyon, Bell Canyon, Lake Manor, Dayton Canyon, Browns Canyon and areas west of Valley Circle Blvd. Evacuation centers were set up to help the people displaces by this fire as well as the Marek fire that affected areas close by. The main center was at San Fernando High School, where more than 750 evacuees registered. Other centers included El Camino High School, Shepherd of the Hills Church, and Canoga Park High School.
Residents living in these areas were allowed to return to their homes on Friday. As another precaution, authorities closed all major streets that were near the fire. These included: Topanga Canyon Boulevard northbound from Chatsworth Avenue DeSoto Avenue northbound at Rinaldi Street, Corbin Avenue northbound at Porter Ranch Drive, Mason Avenue northbound at Celtic Street, Mason Avenue northbound at Corbin Street, Ronald Reagan118 Freeway between Reseda Boulevard and Stearns Avenue, (Simi Valley).
Recovery.
The Porter Ranch (Sesnon) fires sent shock waves through the southern California area, raging out of control and burning thousands of acres each day it kept burning. The governor of California estimated that were burned in his speech on www.gov.ca.gov. Both Calfire.blogspot.com and nbclosangeles.com estimated a cost of at least 2.5 million in damaged, and it is definite that even more than that will have to be poured into recovery efforts for those who lost homes, health, property, or vehicles in the fire. The governor of California as well as nbclosangeles.com reported that 62 buildings were destroyed in the fire, including 15 homes and nbclosaneles.com reported that 41 vehicles were destroyed. More importantly, there was one fatality due to fire on the 118 freeway, and 30 firefighters were injured during the course of trying to contain and extinguish the fire. Many people have lost their homes filled with everything they own, their places of business, and their method of transportation. With 2.5 million in damages, it will be a long road to recovery. However, according to ktla.com, multiple recovery meetings have been scheduled for fire victims in order to help them cope with their losses and deal with recovery in the appropriate ways.
Cost of fighting fire.
A few hours after the fire broke out it spread within minutes. Antonio Villaraigosa declared a local emergency for the entire county of Los Angeles. This meant that all funds need to fight the fire would be provided by the local government. A few days later California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a State of Emergency for Los Angeles and Ventura Counties. When the fire was finally extinguished the total cost of damage from the fire was $12.6 million. The law enforcement from the counties of CAL FIRE, local fire departments across Los Angeles County, Ventura County Fire, California Highway Patrol, National Park Service, Los Angeles County Sheriffs Office, Los Angeles Police Department, Southern California Edison, Southern California Gas, Los Angeles County Office of Emergency Services, CDCR helped the firefighters in safely extinguishing the fire.

</doc>
<doc id="20526351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526351" title="Osman v United Kingdom">
Osman v United Kingdom

Osman v United Kingdom [http://www.worldlii.org/eu/cases/ECHR/1998/101.html EHRR 101 is a leading and controversial case before the European Court of Human Rights on human rights law in the United Kingdom. Judgment was given on 28 October 1998.
Facts.
The applicants were British citizens resident in London. The first applicant, Mrs Mulkiye Osman, is the widow of Mr Ali Osman who was shot dead by Mr Paul Paget-Lewis on 7 March 1988. The second applicant, Ahmet Osman, is her son, born in 1972. He was a former pupil of Paget-Lewis at Homerton House School. Ahmet Osman was wounded in the shooting incident which led to the death of his father. 
The applicants' complaints are directed at the failure of the authorities to appreciate and act on what they claim was a series of clear warning signs that Paget-Lewis represented a serious threat to the physical safety of Ahmet Osman and his family. The applicants argued that the police had been given information which should have made it clear that the individual posed a danger.
Judgment.
Appeals.
The English courts all agreed that the police owed no duty of care to the applicants, confirming the law in "Hill v Chief Constable of West Yorkshire Police" where it was ruled that the police owed no duty of care to one of the victims of the Yorkshire Ripper.
European Court of Human Rights.
The ruling of the European Court of Human Rights was that such blanket immunity would be a breach of article 6 of the European Convention of Human Rights, but that there was no breach of articles 2 and 8.

</doc>
<doc id="20526390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526390" title="Jimmie Bo James">
Jimmie Bo James

Jimmie Bo James : "music" is a songwriter, producer, multimedia recording artist. He is best known for his role as Dillinger in the group he founded called Juster. He was signed to TVT Records in 90's his songs have been placed in the following feature films
Bad Boys “Will Smith-Martin Lawrence” Song “Boom Boom Boom” "music" Featured on soundtrack song 4 also was awarded a gold and platinum record, 2 scene placements.
Money Train “Woody Harrelson-Wesley Snipes-Jennifer Lopez” Song “I Remember That Night” scene placement.
Volcano “Tommy Lee Jones” Song “Buck Your Head” scene placement. Music video for song also appeared in scene. 
The Substitute “Tom Berenger” Song “Boom Boom Boom” scene placement.
Bullet Proof “Adam Sandler-Damon Wayans” Song “I Remember That Night” "music" scene placement. 
Ulee's Gold “Peter Fonda” Song “Boom Boom Boom” scene placement

</doc>
<doc id="20526410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526410" title="Girideepam Bethany School">
Girideepam Bethany School

Girideepam Bethany School, founded in 1975 at Bethany Ashram, Kalathipady, India, is an English medium co-educational school and has two streams of courses.
Location.
Girideepam Campus is situated at Kalathipady. It is only a couple of km from Kottayam on KK Road (NH 220). 
Higher Secondary School.
In 1987 the first batch attended SSLC (Kerala State). In 2002 the school was upgraded to a Higher Secondary School.
Central School.
Girideepam Bethany Central School was established in 1997 as part of Girideepam High School. The first batch of AISSE (X) in 2001 and AISSCE (XII) in 2003. It is one of the top ranked CBSE Schools in the country. 
Sports.
The annual Basket Ball Tournament held in school attracts participants from all over India. The school has a long standing friendly rivalry with its Catholic counterpart Mount Bethany EHSS in Mylapra, Pathanamthitta.
Alumni Associations.
An annual alumni meet is conducted at school on every year during the Christmas Holidays. 

</doc>
<doc id="20526418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526418" title="Dqo transformation">
Dqo transformation

In electrical engineering, direct–quadrature–zero (or "dq"0 or "dqo") transformation or zero–direct–quadrature (or 0"dq" or "odq") transformation is a mathematical transformation that rotates the reference frame of three-phase systems in an effort to simplify the analysis of three-phase circuits. In the case of balanced three-phase circuits, application of the dqo transform reduces the three AC quantities to two DC quantities. Simplified calculations can then be carried out on these DC quantities before performing the inverse transform to recover the actual three-phase AC results. It is often used in order to simplify the analysis of three-phase synchronous machines or to simplify calculations for the control of three-phase inverters. The dqo transform presented here is exceedingly similar to the transform first proposed in 1929 by Robert H. Park. In fact, the dqo transform is often referred to as Park’s transformation.
Definition.
The power-invariant, right-handed dqo transform applied to any three-phase quantities (e.g. voltages, currents, flux linkages, etc.) is shown below in matrix form:
The inverse transform is:
Geometric Interpretation.
The dqo transformation is two sets of axis rotations in sequence. We can begin with a 3D space where "a", "b", and "c" are orthogonal axes.
If we rotate about the "a" axis by -45°, we get the following rotation matrix:
which resolves to
With this rotation, the axes look like
Then we can rotate about the new "b" axis by about 35.26° (formula_5):
which resolves to
When these two matrices are multiplied, we get the Clarke transformation matrix "C":
This is the first of the two sets of axis rotations. At this point, we can relabel the rotated "a", "b", and "c" axes as "α", "β", and "z". This first set of rotations places the "z" axis an equal distance away from all three of the original "a", "b", and "c" axes. In a balanced system, the values on these three axes would always balance each other in such a way that the "z" axis value would be zero. This is one of the core values of the dqo transformation; it can reduce the number relevant variables in the system.
The second set of axis rotations is very simple. In electric systems, very often the "a", "b", and "c" values are oscillating in such a way that the net vector is spinning. In a balanced system, the vector is spinning about the "z" axis. Very often, it is helpful to rotate the reference frame such that the majority of the changes in the "abc" values, due to this spinning, are canceled out and any finer variations become more obvious. So, in addition to the Clarke transform, the following axis rotation is applied about the "z" axis:
Multiplying this matrix by the Clarke matrix results in the dqo transform:
The dqo transformation can be thought of in geometric terms as the projection of the three separate sinusoidal phase quantities onto two axes rotating with the same angular velocity as the sinusoidal phase quantities. The two axes are called the direct, or d, axis; and the quadrature or q, axis; that is, with the q-axis being at an angle of 90 degrees from the direct axis.
Comparison with other transforms.
Park's transformation.
The transformation originally proposed by Park differs slightly from the one given above. Park's transformation is:
and
Although useful, Park's transformation is not power invariant whereas the dqo transformation defined above is. Park's transformation gives the same zero component as the method of symmetrical components. The dqo transform shown above gives a zero component which is larger than that of Park or symmetrical components by a factor of formula_13.
αβγ transform.
The dqo transform is conceptually similar to the αβγ transform. Whereas the dqo transform is the projection of the phase quantities onto a rotating two-axis reference frame, the αβγ transform can be thought of as the projection of the phase quantities onto a stationary two-axis reference frame.

</doc>
<doc id="20526426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526426" title="3590">
3590

3590 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20526437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526437" title="Proamanullin">
Proamanullin

Promanullin is a cyclic nonribosomal peptide. It is an amatoxin, all of which are found in several members of the "Amanita" genus of mushrooms.
Toxicology.
Like other amatoxins, proamanullin is an inhibitor of RNA polymerase II. Promanullin has a specific attraction to the enzyme RNA polymerase II. Upon ingestion, it binds to the RNA polymerase II enzyme, effectively causing cytolysis of hepatocytes (liver cells).

</doc>
<doc id="20526447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526447" title="Congregation Shearith Israel (disambiguation)">
Congregation Shearith Israel (disambiguation)

Congregation Shearith Israel may refer to:
"Using an alternative transliteration of the Hebrew wording:"

</doc>
<doc id="20526461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526461" title="Ācāra">
Ācāra

Ācāra () is a concept used in the context of Classical Hindu Law that refers to the customary laws or community norms of a particular social group. These community norms are delineated and put into practice by people who have earned the respect of those within each individual group, such as a community leader or elder. Although in Dharmaśāstra the ideal person who defines the ācāra of a particular place is dictated as one who knows the Vedas or is “learned”, in actual practice this role is often deferred to group leaders along with Vedic scholars. Ācāra is theologically important in Hindu law because it is considered, along with the Vedas (Smrti), and Śruti (traditional texts such as the Dharmaśāstra literature), to be one of the sources of dharma. Particular regional ācāra is believed to be canonized in Dharmaśāstra texts; however scholars differ on the source for the actual accounts found within these texts.
Ācāra as Customary Law.
Customary law within the context of Hindu law is defined as akin to the community norm of a particular region. This form of law encompasses laws that are actually applied to daily life, as opposed to theological laws canonized in texts which are accessible for only a small proportion of the population. In this sense, customary law represents the actual practice of law in classical Hinduism, while laws found in the Vedas, , and śruti literature represent the theoretical practice. 
Ācāra, however, is a particularly narrow scope of customary law. What separates it as a category is that these laws are put into practice by people who hold a particular power over that set group. The power is determined by a theological connection to the divine through a full understanding of Vedic literature. These people are also known in dharma literature as the sadācāra. Although dharmasastra identifies the sadācāra as the ideal person for creating laws because they are so fluent with Vedic knowledge that the laws they choose to enforce are in line with the Vedas, in reality, the power to develop laws shifted overtime from Vedic scholars to community leaders whose actions gained the respect of their fellow community members and were distinguished as "good people" even if they lacked direct knowledge of the Vedas. 
Eventually, even the laws penned by those not versed in the Vedas were connected back to Vedic literature. According to Mitramiśra, even the customs of Śudra are the dharma for Śudra. This means that each particular group has a different individual dharma they must fulfill. Therefore, as long as the practices of a leader are considered in line with the customs of the community, they are still considered to be pursuing their dharma and therefore are still connected to the Vedas.
Sadācāra.
According to the Mimamsa scholar Kumārila, "when good people act according to certain rules and no motive or goal is apparent in the realm of the observable, then this is to be understood as dharma." The "good people" of this definition represent the sadācāra. The "sad" of sadācāra is translated as good which causes sadācāra to translate as the "standards of the good (people)". Sadācāra within dharmasastra literature are people who orientate their actions toward the Veda and therefore their actions and decisions (ācāra) can be used as law. According to literature, sadācāra are the source of correct living, dharma, and therefore Hindu law, when laws set forth in the Vedas and Traditional texts do not address a particular issue. Several ancient commentators (including Kumārila) go so far as to put forth the claim that practices considered legitimate and recorded in the smṛtis but not found in the Vedas are actually located in a "lost Veda" available to the composers of the Dharma texts but now no longer extant.
Source of Dharma.
Many texts within the Hindu Law tradition refer to ācāra as the third source of dharma. Although knowledge about dharma received from the Vedas remains the primary source, the Vedas rarely mention dharma in a practical application for daily living. Because of this, there exist two other sources for dharma which provide more personally applicable directions for the follower’s lives. If an answer to a question is not found within the Vedas themselves, the question is then posed to each level of sources until an answer is given.
In descending rank in hierarchy, the sources of dharma are:
The power of ācāra within this hierarchy comes from its ability to connect with the Vedas. This connection comes either through the sadācāra, or leader, who establishes the ācāra because of his knowledge of the Vedas, or through citing an additional text as a source that is itself connected with the Vedas.
Textual Accounts.
There are a number of telling references to "ācāra" in Dharmaśāstra texts which reveal the real importance custom had for the settling of legal disputes. Nārada, for example, states that when something stated in a text on dharma conflicts with custom, custom wins out over the text. Asahāya, in his commentary to this statement, confirms that the texts should never overturn "lokācāra", or the "customs of the people." "Yājñavalkya" 1.156 agrees that what is considered anathema by the people, even if proscribed by the smṛtis, is not to be enforced. "Manu" 8.41 likewise states that a judge must study the specific laws practiced by castes ("jātidharma"), particular regions ("janapadharma"), and families ("kuladharma") before making any legal pronouncements relating to them.
Even in rules concerning legal procedure itself, the importance of custom is evidenced. "Nārada" 1.115 states that the validity of documents, i.e. whether they must be witnessed, written in one's own handwriting, etc., should be determined based on local conventions.
With regard to individual groups' own self-governance, "Nārada" 10.2-3 requires that the king allow heretical monastic groups (like Jains and Buddhists), guilds, local councils, and other corporate groups to exercise their own laws and customs. According to "Yājñavalkya" 1.342-343, the king must preserve the customs and conventions of all newly conquered lands as well.
Various scholars hold differing ideas about the origin of the recorded ācāra found in Dharmaśāstra literature such as the . Some, such as scholar Richard Lariviere, hold that traditional texts are "records of actual customs and practices found in classical India". These were factual records "recorded whether the compilers of agreed with them or not". Although each of the customs recorded within were drawn from various times and localities, the importance of recording and compiling them was to integrate the local practices into the larger brahminical sector by connecting them to the Vedas.
A different origin for the textual accounts of ācāra stated by scholar Donald R. Davis Jr., claims the ācāra of the time was not directly recorded verbatim, but instead influenced the scholars who crafted literature. However, even without the direct approval or recording done by classically defined sadācāra, or Vedic scholars, the community norms of a particular location dictated by their own leaders, who may not be Vedic scholars, remained meaningful. This demonstrates a view in which a particular practice doesn't have to be directly tied to the Veda in order for it to be honored as ācāra.
Role of Ācāra in Hindu Law.
Various difficult questions arise in regard to the relative force of śruti, , and ācāra in Hindu law and numerous rules have been laid down in cases of apparent and real conflicts among them. "Ācāra (customs and usage) are transcendental law, and so are the practices declared in the Veda and the ; therefore a twice-born person desirous of his own welfare should always make effort to follow it." The meaning of ācāra itself has changed over time in Hindu law. In the earliest days, ācāra that was to be followed was that observed or declared by learned Brahmins who were highly moral and selfless. Gradually, however, usage that had no visible secular purpose came to be looked upon as binding. Eventually, even customary norms of Śudras became enforceable by the king. In this manner, ācāra became the actual source of Hindu law in more contemporary times. Commentaries on the śāstras indicate an attempt to reconcile the text law with the actual usages of the people.

</doc>
<doc id="20526493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526493" title="Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue">
Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue

Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue may refer to:
For other Spanish and Portuguese synagogues, see Spanish and Portuguese Jews#Communities, past and present

</doc>
<doc id="20526500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526500" title="Global World Encyclopedia">
Global World Encyclopedia

Global World Encyclopedia (Korean: ) is a Korean language encyclopedia which was published by Beomhan(범한, Publishing Company) in 2004. Nearly 1500 experts wrote around 138000 articles about literature, history, science, culture, law, philosophy, thought, technology and so on.
On November 4th, 2008, Daum Communications acquired its license and donated it to Wikipedia. Some netizens and Daum have been proceeding with Knowledge Sharing Project since then.

</doc>
<doc id="20526526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526526" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Botetourt County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Botetourt County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Botetourt County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20526544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526544" title="U-43-class submarine (Austria-Hungary)">
U-43-class submarine (Austria-Hungary)

The "U-43" class was a class of two coastal submarines or U-boats operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy () during World War I. The two boats that comprised the class were Type UB II submarines of the Imperial German Navy, making the two classes identical. From the beginning of World War I, Austria-Hungary had been working to increase the size of its U-boat fleet, so the Imperial German Navy, which was finding it difficult to obtain trained submarine crews, sold two of its UB II boats, and , to its ally in June 1917.
The German Type UB II design incorporated improvements over Type UB I boats, the first coastal submarines of the German Imperial Navy. Among these were twin engines and shafts for more redundancy during operations, a higher top speed, and larger torpedo tubes with double the complement of torpedoes. As a result the UB II boats were nearly twice as heavy as their predecessor UB I boats.
Both boats of the class were selected for German service in the Mediterranean while under construction. They were shipped via rail to Pola, assembled, launched, and commissioned in the German Imperial Navy, where both enjoyed great success against Allied shipping. In June 1917, the boats were decommissioned, handed over to Austria-Hungary, and then commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy in July. The "B" in the designation of both boats was dropped, but the submarines retained the same numbers, becoming "U-43" and "U-47" under the Austro-Hungarian flag. At the end of the war and were ceded to Italy and France, respectively, and had been scrapped by 1920.
Background.
Austria-Hungary's U-boat fleet was largely obsolete at the outbreak of World War I. The Austro-Hungarian Navy satisfied its most urgent needs by purchasing five Type UB I submarines that comprised the from Germany, by raising and recommissioning the sunken French submarine "Curie" as , and by building four submarines of the that were based on the 1911 Danish "Havmanden" class.
After these steps alleviated the most urgent needs, the Austro-Hungarian Navy had adopted the German Type UB II design for what became known as the Austro-Hungarian "U-27" class in mid 1915, and had six of that class being built under license in Austria-Hungary by late 1916. In November 1916, Germany had inquired to find out if Austria-Hungary were interested in purchasing existing German submarines because Germany was having a hard time finding trained submarine crews. After protracted negotiations, which had stalled over the outflow of Austro-Hungarian gold reserves to Germany, an agreement to purchase two submarines—"UB-43" and "UB-47"—was reached in June 1917.
Design.
The UB II design.
The German UB II design of coastal submarines was a development from the design of the UB I boats, which had been originally ordered in September 1914. During their trials, the UB I boats were found to be too small and too slow, but in-service use revealed another problem. The UB I boats had a single propeller shaft/engine combo such that if either component failed, the U-boat became almost totally disabled. The UB II boats featured twin propeller shafts and twin engines (one shaft for each engine) which not only alleviated this problem, but also had the added benefit of increasing the top speed. The new design also included more powerful batteries, larger torpedo tubes, and a deck gun. The UB II boats could also carry twice the torpedo load of their predecessors, and nearly ten times as much fuel. To contain all of these changes the hull was larger, and the surface and submerged displacement was more than doubled.
The UB II boats were ordered from three manufacturers in groups that numbered between two and twelve. Each group had slight variations in design, resulting in differences in displacements, lengths, speeds, fuel capacities, and operational ranges.
The "U-43"-class design.
The "U-43" class consisted of two boats from a contracted group of six UB II boats built by AG Weser of Bremen. Like all of the UB II boats from different manufacturers and contract groups, the "U-43" group had distinct specifications. This group displaced surfaced and submerged. The boats had a single hull with saddle tanks (an early style of ballast tanks), and were long with a beam of and a draft of . For propulsion, they featured two shafts, twin diesel engines of for surface running, and twin electric motors of for submerged travel. The boats were capable of while surfaced and submerged. The range of the boats was at surfaced, and at submerged. The "U-43" class boats were designed for a crew of 22.
The "U-43" class boats were armed with two bow torpedo tubes and carried a complement of four torpedoes. They were each equipped with an 88 mm/26 (3.5 in) deck gun and an machine gun.
The two "U-43"-class U-boats were nearly identical to the eight boats of the Austro-Hungarian Navy's "U-27" class, which were built to UB II plans. Despite the similarities, the two groups are identified in sources as distinct classes.
Construction.
The six-boat group that included "UB-43" and "UB-47" was ordered in July 1915, and both boats had been laid down in early September. This group was selected by the German Admiralstab for deployment to the Mediterranean, but, unlike the smaller UB I boats, they could not as easily be transported overland by rail. Weser prepared the boats for rail shipment by cutting the boat sections longitudinally, and sent all the materials, along with German shipyard workers, to Pola, where the boats were reassembled. "UB-43" was launched in early April 1916, while "UB-47" followed in June.
Class members.
SM "U-43".
"UB-43" was ordered by the Imperial German Navy on 31 July 1915 and was laid down by AG Weser of Bremen on 3 September. While under construction, she was one of a group of six U-boats selected for service in the Mediterranean. "UB-43" was broken into railcar-sized components and shipped overland to the Austro-Hungarian port of Pola where Weser workers assembled her. She was launched on 8 April 1916 and commissioned into the Imperial German Navy as SM "UB-43" on 24 April, under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Dietrich Niebuhr. "Kapitänleutnant" Hans von Mellenthin was assigned to the boat in late August 1916, and led the boat in sinking 19 ships () over the next 8½ months. In April 1917, von Mellenthin was replaced by "Oberleutnant zur See" Horst Obermüller who commanded the ship for the next three months, sinking three more ships () and damaging the British cruiser . "UB-43" was decommissioned on 15 July and taken over by the Austro-Hungarian Navy.
Renamed "U-43" for Austro-Hungarian service, the boat became the class leader of the "U-43" boats when she was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy on 30 July 1917. The submarine's successes while under German command were not matched under Austro-Hungarian; she damaged a single ship in November 1917 in her only successful attack. "U-47" was surrendered to France as a war reparation in 1920 and was broken up at Bizerta.
SM "U-47".
"UB-47" was ordered by the Imperial German Navy on 31 July 1915 and was laid down at Bremen by AG Weser on 4 September. As one of six U-boats selected for service in the Mediterranean while under construction, she was broken into railcar-sized components and shipped overland to the Austro-Hungarian port of Pola. Shipyard workers from Weser assembled the boat and her five sisters at Pola, where she was launched on 17 June.
SM "UB-47" was commissioned into the Imperial German Navy on 4 July 1916 under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Wolfgang Steinbauer. Steinbauer and "UB-47" sank 15 ships () over the next nine months, including two Cunard Line steamers— and —serving as British troopships, as well as the French battleship . Steinbauer also damaged three ships with a combined gross register tonnage of 16,967. Under the command of Hans Hermann Wendlandt, who had replaced Steinbauer in April 1917, "UB-47" sank an additional seven ships () through 21 July, at which time the ship was decommissioned and handed over to the Austro-Hungarian Navy.
The "B" in her designation was dropped when she was commissioned as SM "U-47" for the Austro-Hungarian Navy on 30 July 1917. "U-47"s success under Austro-Hungarian command was less than that under the German flag; only three ships () were sunk through the end of the war. "U-47" was surrendered to France as a war reparation in 1920 and was broken up at Bizerta.

</doc>
<doc id="20526553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526553" title="St. Canute's Abbey, Odense">
St. Canute's Abbey, Odense

St. Canute's Abbey, Odense (), a Benedictine monastery, was built to support the pilgrimage centre for the relics of the royal Danish martyr Saint Canute (died 1086), and was the successor to the priory of St. Mary and St. Alban, Denmark's earliest monastic house. Located in Odense, it was the island of Funen's most important medieval religious institution.
History.
St. Canute's Abbey was founded in connection with the pilgrimage site at the tomb of Saint Canute, otherwise King Canute IV of Denmark, in 1096 when his remains were translated into the new church, St. Canute's Cathedral. The land was perhaps originally that of the royal farm at Odense where Canute, his brother Prince Benedict and their followers stayed until they sought sanctuary in the nearby Benedictine priory church of St. Alban's where they were killed.
Twelve monks were brought by King Erik I Ejegod from Evesham Abbey in England to build and operate the new monastery in Denmark. They are credited with planting the first apple trees in Denmark in the abbey garden. Over the years the abbey acquired extensive land holdings on Funen making it a pre-eminent institution until the Reformation. 
St. Canute's Cathedral formed the north side of the extensive abbey complex. Erik III Lam spent his last days in St. Canute's Abbey, where he died on 27 August 1147.
The abbey was sacked by the Wends in the same year, and the church and parts of the abbey were burned again in 1247 when Duke Abel "laid Odense in ashes". St. Canute's was rebuilt by 1301, and the Gothic Brick structure forms the core of the present St. Canute's Cathedral. Its form was unusual in that the shrine with the remains of Saint Canute and his brother, Prince Benedict, was placed beneath the high altar, so that pilgrims could visit it without interfering with the monks' services above them.
A cathedral school was first established in 1283. Later, additional schools were established with connections to other monastic houses in Odense. The most famous student was Hans Tausen, who later became one of Denmark's prominent Lutheran reformers.
The amount of income brought by pilgrims made it possible for the abbey to grow and expand its school and other works. In 1474 a quarrel between the Benedictine monks and Bishop Charles Rønnow resulted in the monks being driven from the abbey. They were able to return in 1489 upon orders from Pope Innocent III. 
By the 1520s the winds of change were blowing in Denmark. Many Danes were weary of the economic burdens imposed by church tithes, fees and alms. Hans Tausen, a pupil of Martin Luther, and others returned to Denmark determined to free the country from the influence, beliefs, and institutions of its long Roman Catholic past. Monastic houses, beginning with the Franciscans and Dominicans, were forced to close. In 1529 the last Roman Catholic bishop of Odense resigned. The Count's Feud decided the question to the advantage of the Lutherans. By the time Denmark became officially Lutheran in 1536, the great monasteries had reverted to the crown. The income properties were sold off or given away to nobles to whom Christian III was indebted or in return for services. In 1537 the three grammar schools associated with the former monasteries were consolidated.
Later history.
The abbey buildings were among the largest in Odense until the 1800s and were used for a variety of purposes both private and public. The buildings were modified many times and older sections demolished and other structures built in their places. 
In 1913 a fire destroyed the entire abbey complex and additions made over several hundred years. It was quickly decided that it should be rebuilt as a reminder of the historic nature of the site, without much thought to how the new building was to be used. It was completed in 1919 and eventually housed the Odense city library and reading room, which it remained until 1976 when the library was relocated. The building on the site of St. Canute's Abbey now houses "Skt Knuds Kloster Historiens Hus", a museum of the site's history.

</doc>
<doc id="20526567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526567" title="John Reid (professor of English)">
John Reid (professor of English)

Professor John Cowie Reid (4 January 1916 – 31 May 1972) was a New Zealand professor of English and founding chairman of the Mercury Theatre.
Biography.
John Cowie Reid was born in Auckland, New Zealand on 4 January 1916. He was educated at Sacred Heart College and Auckland University College. After some time spent in various occupations, he became a secondary school teacher at Auckland Grammar School for short periods before and after the Second World War. From 1942 to 1946, he served with the New Zealand Military Forces, partly in the Army Education Service. He was active in musical, film, literary, and Roman Catholic organisations. In 1952–53 he engaged in research at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. 
He was renowned as a superb lecturer, lively, cogent and persuasive. A man of great determination and energy, he was a noted broadcaster and a writer for periodicals. He was the founding chairman of the Mercury Theatre. From 1966 until its closure in 1992, the Mercury grew to become New Zealand's largest, most prolific professional theatre company.
Reid died prematurely, on 31 May 1972, leaving a wife, Joyce, six sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20526598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526598" title="Soldiers (You Am I song)">
Soldiers (You Am I song)

"Soldiers" is the second single from the album Hourly, Daily by Australian rock band You Am I. It was released in 1996 and reached number 80 in the 1996 Triple J Hottest 100 and number 33 on the Australian charts.
The video clip directed by Andrew Lancaster won the award for best video at the 1996 Aria awards.
Track listing.
All songs by Tim Rogers. 
"Boulder Fair", "Six" and "Count To Four" are all You Am I originals. 

</doc>
<doc id="20526646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526646" title="Blue Mountains (Niger)">
Blue Mountains (Niger)

The Blue Mountains (: Montagnes Bleus, Tamasheq: Izouzaouene, Izouzaoenehe) are a mountain range in Niger in the northeastern section of the Aïr Massif, about 100 km ENE of the town of Iférouane and 30 km NE of the Tezerik oasis. Isolated from the main Massif by dune seas of the Erg of Ténéré and a flat gravely Desert pavement plain, the rocky outcrop from the desert rises to a height of 924m, almost 300m over the surrounding topography. The area is in Aïr and Ténéré National Nature Reserve, which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The mountains themselves are also within the smaller Aïr and Ténéré Addax Sanctuary. They are characterised by cipollino marble outcroppings, which give the hills a blueish tint. Despite their relative inaccessibility, they became a tourist destination during the upsurge of desert region Tourism in Niger during the late 1990s and early 2000s.

</doc>
<doc id="20526671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526671" title="Fazlul Karim (lawyer)">
Fazlul Karim (lawyer)

Fazlul Karim () (born September 14, 1905, died May 24, 1986) was a Bangladeshi lawyer, businessman, politician and soldier. He was the first Mayor of Cox's Bazar.
Early life.
Fazlul Karim was born in the village of Harbang of Chakaria Upazila in the district of Cox's Bazar on 14 September 1905. He passed his Matriculation in science from Chittagong Govt. Muslim High School and Intermediate from Chittagong College. He has completed his B.A., and B.L. from Presidency College, Kolkata, then under the University of Calcutta in 1923 and 1925 and started his career as a lawyer at Calcutta Judges Court as junior Lawyer of Barrister Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy who used to appoint him to deal with his civil cases in the lower courts. He found his practice as a junior lawyer so lucrative that he refused to become a Munsif when he was offered a post by the Lieutenant Governor. After completion of his B.A exams he joined the Writers' Building (from 1923 to 1926) as the infamous Police Commissioner Sir Charles Augustus Tegart’s Bengali translator; as he was fluent in both Urdu and Bangla, he had to translate news from vernacular newspapers for Sir Tegart and Colonel Simpson’s perusal. Neither suspected that he was sympathetic to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose. Colonel Simpson was killed in a daring attack on Writers' Building by Bengali Militants. Karim was present in that particular room. The two militants did not harm him. But Sir Tagert managed to escape and mount an assault on the militants who tried to commit suicide. He was also accompanying Sir Charles Augustus Tegart when Gopinath Saha tried to assassinate him on January 12, 1924 at Chowringhee Road in Calcutta. Later he returned to Cox's Bazar completing his survey course from Savar, Dhaka and started his practice in Cox's Bazar Judges Court. He had much interest in historical legal cases. He observed the entire Bhawal Raja case staying at Dhaka.
Personal life.
Captain Advocate Fazlul Karim was born in Harbang, a village in Cox's Bazar District in the province of Bengal, to Golam Quader Shikdar, a village leader and Feroza Begum on 14 September 1905. He was the elder son in a family of seven daughters and three sons. Fazlul was educated at the Harbang Union School and later moved to the Chittagong Government Muslim High School, from where he completed his matriculation. He had passed his Intermediate with science from Chittagong College and completed his B.A. and B.L. from Presidency College, Kolkata in 1923 and 1925 respectively and started his practice as a lawyer in Calcutta court. Later he had shifted himself to Cox's Bazar court. He was the first Muslim Graduate in the Cox's Bazar District. At the age of thirty, Fazlul married Nazmunnisa Chowdhurani, elder daughter of Zamindar Akbar Ahmed Chowdhury and granddaughter of Kiwk Zamindar Fazal Karim Chowdhury of Manikpur, Chakaria, Cox's Bazar in 1935. She gave birth to their four sons — Murad B.Z. Karim (an accountant), Brigadier General Khaled A. Karim (Ex-Director Army Signals), Flying Officer Shaheed Waleed Ehsanul Karim, Dr. Zaid N. Karim Ph.D. He had suffered for sheltering the Bangladesh Mukti Bahini at his home during the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971. His wife used to supply flags for the Mukti Bahini. On 24 May 1986, Captain Advocate Fazlul Karim died at the age of 81 years in his Jamal Khan Road residence at Chittagong. He was buried at the family graveyard at Harbang, Chakaria.

</doc>
<doc id="20526708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526708" title="Colin Roderick Award">
Colin Roderick Award

The Colin Roderick Award is presented annually by the Foundation for Australian Literary Studies at Queensland's James Cook University for "the best book published in Australia which deals with any aspect of Australian life". It was first presented in 1967 and has a prize of A$10,000. Starting in 1980, the H. T. Priestley Memorial Medal has also been bestowed upon the award winner.

</doc>
<doc id="20526717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526717" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20526730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526730" title="Mark Carlson (quarterback)">
Mark Carlson (quarterback)

Mark Carlson was a quarterback for the Minnesota Golden Gophers football team from 1976-1979. During his senior year in 1979, Carlson passed for 2188 yards and 11 touchdowns, which was good enough to earn him Team MVP honors on a squad that finished 4-6-1 under first-year head coach Joe Salem.
During his tenure with the Gophers, Carlson competed with Wendell Avery for the starting quarterback position, both having varying success at different times during this period. Mark Carlson first made a name for himself during his sophomore season in 1977 in one of the biggest wins in Gopher history. The Gophers were scheduled to face the vaunted Michigan Wolverine team in their annual Little Brown Jug game, which would be played at the Gopher’s Memorial Stadium. Michigan was coming into the contest as the number one ranked team in the country with a 6-0 record. The Gophers - who were 4-2 at the time with impressive wins over Washington and UCLA – still were considered major underdogs against the Wolverines and Bo Schembechler. What added to the Gopher’s uncertainty was that they still didn’t know who their starting quarterback was going to be. After having former Gopher hero Butch Nash give a rousing pep talk on the Friday night before the game, Minnesota’s head coach Cal Stoll met with all three of his top quarterbacks to decide who would be the starter for the big game. "I kept looking in their eyes when I talked to them." Stoll would later say, - "Mark Carlson was looking right back into my eyes. I made a gut decision right then that he would be my quarterback." Sure enough Carlson, a sophomore who hadn’t played a minute all season up to that point, was under center as the Gopher’s starting quarterback. The Gophers, with a tremendous defensive effort and the solid kicking of Paul Rogind, ended up shocking Michigan 16-0 to earn their first Little Brown Jug since 1967 and handing the Wolverines their first shutout in 112 games.
Mark Carlson has a son named Kevin Carlson who ended up as a catcher in baseball, who played for both the Minnesota Gophers and the St. Paul Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="20526787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526787" title="Girl's Club">
Girl's Club

Girl's Club is a fantasy dating game published by Philips Interactive Media for the CD-i in 1992. Starring Nickelodeon's Heidi Lucas as the leader of the club who helps the player choose which date to go on. 
Philips based the game on the classic Dream Date board game> where girls get to go on simulated dates with "thirty of the coolest guys in the universe." One of the dates is actor and acting coach Chambers Stevens.

</doc>
<doc id="20526814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526814" title="Wireless network organizations by size">
Wireless network organizations by size

Wireless Network organizations sorted by size to have a better overview of the size of these organizations across the globe and to determine which networks are tiny and which are not.

</doc>
<doc id="20526825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526825" title="Max Catto">
Max Catto

Maxwell Jeffrey Catto (July 29, 1907 - March 12, 1992) was born Mark Finkell in Manchester, England and was an English playwright and novelist.
Writing career.
Catto wrote adventure novels and dramas for more than four decades and also wrote under the pseudonym Simon Kent. Ten of his works were adapted for film, the most notable of which was the novel "The Killing Frost", which became Carol Reed's 1956 film "Trapeze". Although he was a holder of a degree in electrical engineering from Manchester University, Catto began writing novels and plays in the late 1930s. After a stint in the Royal Air Force during World War II, Catto returned to writing fiction. Exotic settings and fast-paced action were the trademarks of his novels, defying categorization into any one genre, instead blending elements of many popular literary styles. Much of his work has been translated into other languages.
Works.
The following bibliography is reproduced from Contemporary Authors, Volume 137.

</doc>
<doc id="20526827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526827" title="Joel Fredrick Dubina">
Joel Fredrick Dubina

Joel Fredrick Dubina (born October 26, 1947) is a Senior Judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit.
Biography.
Dubina was born in Elkhart, Indiana. He received a B.S. from the University of Alabama in 1970, and a J.D. from Cumberland School of Law at Samford University in 1973.
He was a law clerk, to Robert E. Varner, of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama from 1973 to 1974. He was in private practice of law in Montgomery, Alabama from 1974 to 1983. 
Dubina's daughter, Martha Roby, was elected in 2010 to the U.S. House of Representatives from Alabama (AL-2) defeating incumbent congressman Bobby Bright.
Federal judicial service.
Dubina was a United States magistrate judge for the Middle District of Alabama from 1983 to 1986. He was nominated by President Ronald Reagan on July 30, 1986, to Varner's seat in the Middle District of Alabama. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on September 12, 1986, and received commission on September 15, 1986. His service was terminated on October 5, 1990, following his elevation to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. Dubina was nominated to the Eleventh Circuit by President George H.W. Bush on June 7, 1990, to a seat vacated by Robert Smith Vance. Dubina was confirmed by the Senate on September 28, 1990, and received his commission on October 1, 1990. He served as Chief Judge of the Eleventh Circuit from June 1, 2009 until July 31, 2013.
In 2009 Dubina served as member of the three-judge panel which denied an "Application for Leave to File a Second or Successive Habeas Corpus Petition" in the Troy Davis case.
Dubina was on the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals panel that reviewed Roger Vinson's decision in "Florida v. United States Department of Health and Human Services".
Dubina had announced his intention to take senior status, effective August 1, 2013, but waited until his 66th birthday on October 24, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20526839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526839" title="James W. Stansberry">
James W. Stansberry

James W. Stansberry (December 29, 1927June 28, 2010) was a United States Air Force lieutenant general and commander of the Electronic Systems Division, Air Force Systems Command, Hanscom Air Force Base, Massachusetts.
Early life and education.
Stansberry was born on December 29, 1927, in Grafton, West Virginia, and graduated from the United States Military Academy, West Point, New York, in 1949. He earned his Master of Business Administration degree, with distinction, in 1956 from the Air Force Institute of Technology, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. In conjunction with his master's studies, he was the recipient of the Mervin E. Gross and the Wall Street Journal Awards presented annually to the top graduate. He is also a graduate of the Armed Forces Staff College at Norfolk, Va.
Career.
Stansberry began his military career by enlisting as a Private in the Army in 1945. Following graduation from the United States Military Academy, he was commissioned in the Air Force and served from September 1950 through December 1954 in the Armed Forces Special Weapons Project at Albuquerque, New Mexico.
After graduation from the Air Force Institute of Technology in September 1956, he was assigned to the Northern Air Materiel Area, Pacific, with duty as chief of production at the Kawasaki-Gifu Contract Facility at Gifu, Japan.
Stansberry was assigned as assistant professor of air science at Michigan College of Mining and Technology from April 1959 to August 1961. He then transferred to the Air University at Maxwell Air Force Base, Ala., and served on the Air Force Reserve Officers' Training Corps headquarters staff for two years.
Following graduation from the Armed Forces Staff College in January 1964, Stansberry was ordered to the Air Force Directorate of Nuclear Safety, Kirtland Air Force Base, N.M. In July 1968 he transferred to the Office of the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense (Atomic Energy) in Washington, D.C. This tour of duty culminated in his appointment as deputy assistant to the secretary of Defense (atomic energy), where he served until July 1971.
Stansberry was assigned to Air Force Systems Command headquarters, Andrews Air Force Base, Md., as a division chief and later as executive secretary for Project Acquisition Cost Evaluation, from August 1971 to August 1973. He then returned to the Pentagon and served on the Air Staff as deputy director of procurement policy. In August 1974 he was appointed deputy to the deputy assistant secretary of defense (procurement). While there he conducted a major Department of Defense study of defense contract profitability (Profit 176) which resulted in major changes to Department of Defense profit policy. From February 1977 to January 1981, he was deputy chief of staff for contracting and manufacturing, Air Force Systems Command. He assumed his last command in February 1981. He was promoted to Lieutenant General March 10, 1981, with same date of rank.
After 39 years of service, Stansberry retired on August 1, 1984.
Later life and death.
Stansberry died on June 28, 2010, in Virginia Beach, Virginia. He was preceded in death by his wife, Audrey Mildred Heinz; and brothers, David and William. He leaves behind daughters, Norah Stansberry of Spokane, WA, Amy and husband Rick Goodhand of Arnold, MD and Lisa and Husband Tony Porten of Chesapeake, VA. He is known as "Bapa" to his grandchildren, Adrian, Mason, Nate, Megan, Jimmy, Molly, Cayla and Maya; and his great grandchildren, Bradan and Alison.

</doc>
<doc id="20526844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526844" title="John Brooks Leavitt">
John Brooks Leavitt

John Brooks Leavitt (1849–1930) was a New York City attorney, author and reformer. As member of the "Good Government" movement, Leavitt crusaded against Tammany Hall municipal corruption, demanding in 1897 the indictment of United States Senator Thomas C. Platt on charges of extorting bribes from the New York Life Insurance Company in return for favors to the insurance giant. "We have positive evidence, which as soon as New York has an honest District Attorney," Leavitt told a crowd of 2,000 gathered at Long Acre Square on Broadway, "will be laid before him, and we then shall be able to obtain an indictment and send the arch-boss to the jail which yawns for him."
Early life and career beginnings.
John Brooks Leavitt was born September 30, 1849, at Cincinnati, Ohio, where his father John McDowell Leavitt was practicing law, and his wife Bethia (Brooks) Leavitt. Leavitt subsequently attended high school in Zanesville, Ohio, where his father acted as minister of an Episcopal church after leaving his law practice. In 1868 Leavitt graduated from Kenyon College, and four years later he graduated with a master's degree. Leavitt then enrolled at the Columbia University School of Law, where he graduated in 1871. 
Following his graduation from Columbia, Leavitt began clerking in a New York City law office, and shortly after hung out his shingle as sole practitioner. Leavitt's practice was meager, but gradually he found clients, usually cases he took when he felt a client had been shortchanged. An early client was a clergyman who was accused of . In a subsequent case tied to election fraud, Leavitt filed suit against the New York State Secretary of State, the state's Attorney General and other state officers for contempt of court. The state officers sued by Leavitt were heavily fined by the court for their offense.
From the beginning of his career, Leavitt was outspoken. Among his targets through the years were the telephone monopoly, fellow attorneys who abused the contingency fee system, the laws regarding the criminally insane, and the need for ballot reform in New York State.
Early on, Leavitt laid out his philosophy in simple language. "The conservatism which preaches the improvement of the individual as the sole cure for social ills," Leavitt wrote in 1902, "will never improve the world." Leavitt then launched an attack on corruption in all forms – especially corporate. "If an illustration is needed it is to be found in the conduct of directors of corporations, who, when acting as a body, countenance theft, bribery, extortion, tyranny, lawlessness, trickery and fraud, which as individuals each man would abhor... The old common-law saying that corporations have no souls is false. Corporations have souls. Governments have souls. Society has a soul."
In another of Leavitt's articles, he cut to the chase. In writing on the church (Leavitt's client was a high churchman accused of malfeasance), Leavitt addressed the temptation to follow conventional wisdom. In his essay "The Attitude of the Church Towards Things Not Seen", the New York attorney noted that while church members believed miracles which happened two millennia ago, and which they had not seen, they were skeptical of current events they had seen. "Sheep follow the shepherd," Leavitt wrote. "Many laymen echo their minister."
Outspoken crusader.
Leavitt rarely missed an opportunity to put across his message. Speaking to the graduating class of his alma mater Kenyon College in 1896, for instance, Leavitt titled his commencement speech "The Civic Duties of College Graduates." Two years later, Leavitt delivered an address he called "American Institutions and Political Machines". Nor did Leavitt always take up the most popular causes. In one of his polemics, entitled "To What Extent Should Insane Persons Be Amenable to Criminal Law?", Leavitt examined the issue of mental illness and legal culpability. (At the time Leavitt served as the chairman of the committee on Criminal Procedure of New York State Bar Association. Afterwards, Leavitt chaired the Bar Association's Committee on Commitment and Discharge of the Criminal Insane."To what Extent Should Insane Persons be Amenable to Criminal Law?", by John Brooks Leavitt, Administration of Justice in the United States, American Academy of Political and Social Science, Published by Ayer Publishing, 1974, ISBN 0-405-06136-6, ISBN 978-0-405-06136-3</ref> Leavitt became a pioneer of New York State laws relating to the criminal culpability of those adjudged mentally ill.
In 1910, Leavitt spoke to the graduating class of 18 women at the Woman's Law Class of New York University. "I regret to say that many of the criminal lawyers of this city," Leavitt told the newly minted attorneys, "do not reflect much credit on the profession, for far too often are they criminal in both senses of the word." If the jury system were removed, Leavitt told the 18 women who were among the first of their sex to practice law in the city, "in twenty-five years you will have a corrupt judiciary."
Like many reformers, Leavitt rarely passed up an opportunity to convey his message, and he was a frequent contributor of letters to the editor of "The New York Times" and other New York City newspapers. The New York attorney was a contributor to the book "Everyday Ethics", a collection of essays on professional ethics published by the Yale University Press in New Haven.
Among the progressives of the era, even during the era of President Theodore Roosevelt, there was widespread skepticism that things would change for the better. In a letter to John Brooks Leavitt of January 26, 1900, for instance, E. L. Godkin told the New York attorney that barring extraordinary events, he was happily removing himself from public service in the face of the greed and corruption of elected officials. "At the time in question I was under the delusion," Godkin wrote to the reformer Leavitt, "from which I have recovered, that deliverance might come for this City from our respectable classes... Thank God I am out of it. Such a condition of things among the instructed classes needs at least a generation to be reformed." 
Leavitt held no political offices, and expressed gratitude that he felt compelled towards none. (For many years, Leavitt was a member of the Citizens Union party, headquartered at 34 Union Square in lower Manhattan. Nor did he serve on any corporate boards of directors. In 1893 he was persuaded to run for Assemblyman on the 'Good Government' reform ticket, but failed to win election, which the crusading lawyer said came as a relief. Leavitt served on committees for reform of the Bar Association, where he proposed novel plans including reconstituting the United States Circuit Court of Appeals with a different composition of federal judges.
Later life and legacy.
John Brooks Leavitt was a member of the University Club, the Social Reform Club, the New York City League of Reform, the National Civil Service Reform League, the Barnard Club, Onteora Club, the Bar Association of New York City, the New York State Bar Association, the American Bar Association and the reform-minded Civil Service League. Leavitt was a long-serving member of the New York Bar Association's Committee on Unlawful Practice of the Law, as well as the Committee on the Prevention of Unnecessary Litigation. He regularly contributed articles to "The Counsellor", the New York Law School Law Journal, where he was listed as contributor.
Leavitt kept a law office at 30 Broad Street in downtown Manhattan. He was considered a Mugwump Republican. Until the end of his life Leavitt served in various volunteer capacities with the Protestant Episcopal Church for the diocese of New York, and was the longtime Senior Warden at St. Mark's Church in-the-Bowery in Manhattan's East Village.
Leavitt was a founding director in 1891 of the East Side House, a settlement house on the East Side of Manhattan endowed by Charles B. Webster of R. H. Macy & Co. The House was designed to form a 'self-supporting club which should keep the workingmen off the streets and out of the saloons."
Leavitt was active in the Alumni Associations of Columbia College and Kenyon College, which conferred an honorary Doctor of Laws degree on him in 1896. He continued to write widely for periodicals and magazines, and often spoke to gatherings on the subject of municipal and corporate corruption. Leavitt was married in 1879 at Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, to Mary Keith, daughter of Rev. Ormes B. Keith of Philadelphia, and great-niece of Elias Boudinot, president of the United States Congress at the close of the Revolutionary War. Mary (Keith) Leavitt died at the couple's home at 1 Lexington Avenue at Gramercy Park in Lower Manhattan on July 3, 1916, at age 59.

</doc>
<doc id="20526852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526852" title="Scott Thompson Baker">
Scott Thompson Baker

Scott Thompson Baker (born September 15, 1960) is an American television actor, from Golden Valley, Minnesota. Some of his most notable roles are Colton Shore on "General Hospital", Craig Lawson on "All My Children", and Connor Davis on "The Bold and the Beautiful".
Life and career.
Baker was born in Golden Valley, Minnesota. He was educated at Oral Roberts University and the University of Minnesota. He was married to Leilani Baker on January 27, 1990; their marriage produced two children. After he and Leilani divorced, he was married to Maria Baker on June 17, 2007. He and Maria have four children, Thane, Micaela, Cassie and Jaden.
Scott had a 10-month career at Walser Honda. Following his stint at Walser Honda, he began a career at Apple Valley Ford where he is now currently employed.
Baker's professional acting career began at the Guthrie Theatre in Minneapolis, where he starred in roles such as "A Christmas Carol", "Peer Gynt", "Hamlet" and "The Sound of Music". In the 1980s, Baker took up the role of Colton Shore, on the soap opera "General Hospital", which he held for three years. For a year, he played Craig Lawson on "All My Children", and then for seven years played Connor Davis on "The Bold and the Beautiful". He also starred in the "" episode "One Little Ship" as Kudak'Etan.
In 1989, Scott Thompson Baker won the Soap Opera Digest Award for Outstanding Male Newcomer, for his role as Colton in "General Hospital". He also received two nominations in 1990, for Outstanding Super Couple: Daytime (shared with Kristina Wagner) and Outstanding Hero: Daytime, for the same role. However, he lost to Doug Davidson, as Paul in "The Young and the Restless", and A Martinez and Marcy Walker, for Cruz and Eden in "Santa Barbara".

</doc>
<doc id="20526859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526859" title="R. Lanier Anderson III">
R. Lanier Anderson III

Robert Lanier Anderson III (born November 12, 1936) is a senior U.S. Circuit Court Judge for the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit.
Early life and education.
Born on November 12, 1936 in Macon, Georgia, Robert Lanier Anderson III was named for his father and grandfather; his grandfather had been named for Robert Sampson Lanier, the brother-in-law and longtime law partner of his great grandfather, Clifford Anderson. Robert Lanier and Clifford Anderson started the firm with which all four generations practiced and which, dating from the 1840s and having gone through several iterations, is the second oldest continuous practice in the state of Georgia. Robert Sampson Lanier, was the father of noted poet and musician Sidney Lanier. After graduating from Bibb County public schools Anderson earned an A.B. degree from Yale University in 1958, and an LL.B. degree from Harvard Law School in 1961.
Professional career.
A fourth-generation, Macon, Georgia lawyer, Anderson began private practice in his hometown of Macon, Georgia in 1961. He fulfilled his military obligation as a lieutenant in the United States Army from 1961 until 1963, stationed on a Nike Site in Denbigh, VA, being discharged as a Captain in the reserves in 1965. Anderson had by then returned to private legal practice in Macon, where he worked from 1963 until 1979. He practiced at the family firm of Anderson Walker & Reichert, concentrating most of his efforts on tax and estate planning. Among other civic activities he served on the Bibb County Board of Education from 1968-74.
Federal judicial service.
On April 18, 1979, President Jimmy Carter nominated Anderson to a newly created seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The United States Senate confirmed Anderson on July 12, 1979, and he received his commission on July 13, 1979.
On October 1, 1981, the federal government created the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit, and Anderson was one of a group of judges reassigned to the new circuit.
In 1986, Anderson became the subject of an impeachment drive after a three-judge panel on which he sat ordered retrials for several convicted murderers because, they ruled, pretrial publicity had unfairly tainted their trials.
In 1999, Anderson penned a noted ruling in favor of the estate of Martin Luther King, Jr. in a copyright fight with CBS over King's famous "I Have a Dream" speech.
Anderson became a chief judge of the Eleventh Circuit on May 17, 1999, serving in that capacity until May 31, 2002.
In July 2008, Anderson told President George W. Bush of his intention to take senior status effective January 31, 2009. However, word did not become public of his decision until November 2008. Anderson told a local newspaper that he still planned to work "almost full-time" but that he hoped to take more vacation time—probably four to six weeks a year—to visit grandchildren in New York and Connecticut. And while Anderson could have taken senior status in November 2001, he chose not to do so, he told the paper, because "I was having so much fun, I didn't want to."
In 2008, Anderson described himself as a judicial "moderate," and added that he "would like to be thought of as a judge who had no particular agenda and who took each case on the facts and applied the law that the Supreme Court laid down," regardless of his own personal view on it. "And I think that’s what I attempt to do, and I think every judge on our court does."

</doc>
<doc id="20526873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526873" title="Khedebneithirbinet I">
Khedebneithirbinet I

Khedebneithirbinet I (“Neith Kills the Evil Eye”) was an ancient Egyptian queen from the Twenty-sixth dynasty of Egypt, probably the wife of pharaoh Necho II and the mother of his successor, Psamtik II. 
Biography.
The identification as Necho's wife is solely based on the fact that her sarcophagus dates to the 26th dynasty, that her titles as King's wife and King's mother fit, and that no other wife is attested for the king. Her stone sarcophagus lid (ÄS3), now located in Vienna, was discovered in 1807 and indicates that she was probably buried at Sebennytos in Lower Egypt if the provenance given for this object is correct. 

</doc>
<doc id="20526879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526879" title="Waleed Ehsanul Karim">
Waleed Ehsanul Karim

Waleed Ehsanul Karim, Shaheed (Martyr) () (July 1944, Harbang, Chakaria - 19 April 1965, Karachi) was a Pakistan Air Force's fighter pilot and one of the youngest F-86 Sabre Jet pilot in the entire world. 
Background.
Karim was born in July 1944 to Captain Advocate Fazlul Karim and Nazmunnisa Chowdhurani at Harbang, Chakaria, Cox's Bazar, British India (now in Bangladesh). He had completed his Senior Cambridge from PAF Public School Sargodha (formerly PAF College Sargodha) in April 1961 (5th Entry, Sabre House) and joined the Pakistan Air Force in August 1961.
PAF career.
He was commissioned in the PAF in June 1963. He was the Wing Under Officer (WUO). He was also selected for Sword of Honor but did not get it. In a debate in the academy he had mentioned the Language Movement of 1952 which compelled the government to establish Bengali at par with Urdu. He was later nominated as Pakistan Air Force Basketball team captain at Air Force Academy, Risalpur.
Fighter Pilot of PAF.
He was famous for his daring stunts with his F-86 Sabre. He took part in the Republic Day fly past at Rawalpindi on 23 March 1964. He died when his recently repaired aircraft (which was hit by anti-aircraft guns at Rann of Kutch in the morning sortie) developed engine trouble and plunged into the Arabian sea about 10–15 miles off the south coast of Karachi in the night of 19 April 1965 when he was returning from a reconnaissance mission over Gujarat.
Indo-Pakistani 1965 War.
He had participated at the Rann of Kutch battle by dropping smoke bombs in daytime to screen the infantry attacks. Neither his body, nor the aircraft was recovered. But a part of the rudder was later recovered from the same location after two months.
At that time he was a fighter pilot of 17th Squadron (the Tigers) of the Pakistan Air Force. Air Marshal Azim Daudpota was his Squadron Leader at that time. Flight Lieutenant M. Matiur Rahman, Bir Sreshtho, Air Vice Marshal Momtaz Uddin Ahmed were his course mates in both Sargodha and Risalpur.

</doc>
<doc id="20526880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526880" title="Mary Ann Coady Weinand">
Mary Ann Coady Weinand

Dr. Mary Ann Coady Weinand (December 25, 1959 – September 26, 2007) was an American psychiatrist in Tucson, Arizona for 16 years from 1991 until 2007. She was best known as an effective psychiatrist and has become a local symbol for hope in the fight against Breast Cancer. In May 2008 her old psychiatric clinic was renamed in her honor as a tribute to her legacy and impact in the Southern Arizona treatment of Psychiatry. It was the first time such a building was named after an employee in Tucson.
She became a local icon in Tucson in the fight against breast cancer, which claimed her own life. She was the first woman psychiatrist to have a building name after her honor as a result of her legacy. More than $10,000 has been donated to local charities in her memory. She was featured in the Life Stories section of the "Arizona Daily Star" on May 10, 2008
Early life and career.
Mary Ann Coady was born on Christmas Day, 1959 in Homestead Air Force Base near Miami, Florida to Neil J. Coady and Dolores (née Breitenbach). She was raised in Wichita, Kansas and graduated from Kapaun Mt. Carmel High School in 1977. Her favorite activity as a teen was riding her horse. She graduated from the University of Kansas with a B.A. in Human Biology with Distinction in 1982. She had initially planned on studying to become a Nurse, but when she applied to nursing school her interviewers suggested that with her record she would be more suited for Medical School. 
She switched her path of study to pre-medicine soon after. In college she was a member of the Phi Beta Kappa Honor Society. She went on to Medical School and completed medical school at the University of Kansas School of Medicine in 1986, and residency training in Adult Psychiatry in 1990. She was board certified in both Adult Psychiatry and Addiction Psychiatry. She practiced psychiatry in Tucson from 1991 until June 2007 when she abruptly left work at COPE Community Services due to her rapidly deteriorating health. 
Death.
At the age of 47, she died on September 26, 2007, peacefully at home, surrounded by her family, from breast cancer. She had been with COPE since May 2001. Her battle with breast cancer enabled her to write her own obituary a week before she died. It was published in the "Arizona Daily Star". In addition to her three children and husband, she was survived by her mother, father, and her mother-in-law Martha E. Bean-Weinand.
COPE Building Dedication Ceremony.
Her commitment was recognized on May 10, 2008 with the dedication of the Mary Ann Coady Weinand, M.D., Clinic on East Lakeside Parkway in Tucson. The clinic, where Dr. Coady Weinand worked before succumbing to metastatic breast cancer last year, provides services to adults with serious and general mental illness and substance abuse issues. "She brought a unique perspective in regard to the seriously mentally ill in our community", said COPE medical director Dr. Adam Opbroek.

</doc>
<doc id="20526881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526881" title="Valley Springs High School">
Valley Springs High School

Valley Springs High School is a secondary school in Valley Springs, Arkansas, United States. The school is the sole high school serving grades 9 through 12 in the Valley Springs School District. In 2012, Valley Springs was nationally recognized with the Silver Award in the U.S. News & World Report Best High Schools ranking report.
History.
In 1912, the North Arkansas Conference of Methodist Churches felt a need to establish a high school in the Ozarks. Valley Springs, with its academic background, was selected, and it became Valley Springs Training School.
In 1922, the first organized high school was started in an old two-story frame structure on the south hill at Valley Springs. For a dormitory, the school used the old Dr. Hale home above the spring. The church bought a campus and a farm of on which the boys worked to help pay expenses. Part of this farm is now the present school system.
Academics.
The assumed course of study follows the Smart Core curriculum developed by the Arkansas Department of Education (ADE). Students complete regular (core) and career focus courses and exams and may select Advanced Placement (AP) coursework and exams that provide an opportunity for students to obtain college credit.
Extracurricular activities.
The Valley Springs High School mascot and athletic emblem is the tiger with green and white serving as its school colors.
Athletics.
For 2012-14, the Valley Springs Tigers compete in the 3A 1 East (Basketball) Conference under the administration of the Arkansas Activities Association (AAA). Interscholastic activities include baseball, basketball (boys/girls), cheer, cross country (boys/girls), golf (boys/girls), softball, tennis (boys/girls), track (boys/girls), and volleyball.
The Valley Springs Tigers boys basketball team has been one of the state's most successful with six state championships between 1950 and 1996, including three consecutive titles in 1950–52.
Clubs and traditions.
Beyond sports, Valley Springs students participate in a variety of clubs and organizations including the FBLA, FCCLA, National FFA Organization, Student Council, National Honor Society, Quiz Bowl, Robotics Team (Operation Tigers In Space - O.T.I.S.), and the Yearbook.

</doc>
<doc id="20526911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526911" title="Tadeusz Schaetzel">
Tadeusz Schaetzel

Tadeusz Schaetzel (1891–1971) was a Polish Army colonel, intelligence officer, Promethean leader, diplomat and politician.
Career.
During World War I, Schaetzel served in the Polish Legions and as deputy director of the Chief Command of the 3rd Polish Military Organization ("KN-3"), in Kiev.
After Poland had regained independence in November 1918, he was posted in 1919 to the Staff of the Commander-in-Chief as head of intelligence on Russia in the General Staff's Section II (the intelligence section). 
In 1922 he was sent on a secret mission to Switzerland to Turkish General Ismet Pasha, who would become the second president of Turkey in 1938 after the death of Kemal Atatürk. In 1924–26 Schaetzel was military attaché in Ankara, Turkey.
In 1926–29 he was chief of the General Staff's Section II (the intelligence section). In this capacity he was very supportive of Marshal Józef Piłsudski's Promethean project, aimed at liberating the non-Russian peoples of the Soviet Union. 
In 1929–30 Schaetzel served as Counselor of the Polish Embassy and Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary in Paris; next, as Chief of Cabinet to Presidents of the Council of Ministers Walery Sławek and Józef Piłsudski, and (1931–34) as director of the Foreign Ministry's Eastern Department. In 1934–35 he was vice director of the Foreign Ministry's political department. In 1930–38 he was a Sejm deputy (in 1935–38, Vice Marshal of the Sejm).
When the Soviet Union invaded Poland on September 17, 1939, Schaetzel, along with other Polish political and military leaders, crossed the border into Romania, where he was interned in 1939–44 with Foreign Minister Józef Beck. In August 1944 Schaetzel left for Turkey, then Egypt.
From 1947 he resided in Great Britain, where he co-founded the Józef Piłsudski Institute in London and the League for Polish Independence. In 1949 he revived the "Prometeusz" (Prometheus) group, which he headed.
Decorations.
Schaetzel was decorated with the Silver Cross of the Order of "Virtuti Militari". 

</doc>
<doc id="20526914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526914" title="George Thomson (botanist)">
George Thomson (botanist)

George Thomson (26 May 1819 – 14 December 1878) was a Scottish missionary in Cameroon who collected plants to send to the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew and to the British Museum.
Thomson was born in Balfron, 16 miles north of Glasgow and trained as an architect. His brother, Alexander Greek Thomson (1817–1875) was an eminent Glaswegian architect and architectural theorist who was a pioneer in sustainable building. George and Alexander were partners in an architectural practice in Glasgow early in their careers. 
In 1870, George Thomson was sent by the Baptist Church to West Africa as a missionary in Limbe, Cameroon (then known as ""Victoria""), where he combined his religious activities with a passion for botany. In 1877, he was host to the German botanist, Wilhelm Kalbreyer who had been sent by James Veitch & Sons of Chelsea, London to search for plants in "that unhealthy region". Amongst the plants discovered by Kalbreyer was an epiphytic orchid of the "Pachystoma" genus, which was named "Pachystoma thomsonianum" in Thomson's honour.
Thomson died in Victoria from malaria on 14 December 1878. 
His nephew, Rev. William Cooper Thomson (1829–1878) was a missionary in Nigeria, after whose first wife the bleeding-heart vine "Clerodendrum thomsoniae" was named.

</doc>
<doc id="20526918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526918" title="Pirševo">
Pirševo

Pirševo is a small settlement in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20526940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526940" title="C. Robin Ganellin">
C. Robin Ganellin

Charon Robin Ganellin FRS (25 January 1934 – ) is a British born medicinal chemist, and Emeritus Smith Kline and French Professor of Medicinal Chemistry, at University College London. 
He has contributed much to the field of drug discovery and development. His most outstanding achievement was the discovery of cimetidine, a drug used to combat stomach ulcers, when he was working at Smith Kline and French. He has received many awards and much recognition for his scientific pursuits over the years. He now lives near London and is a professor at University College London.
Early life.
Born in East London on 1934 January 25, Charon Robin Ganellin knew from an early age that his calling was chemistry. During his studies at Harrow County School for Boys, he developed a strong aptitude for science and maths, but his performance in language and history was lacking. Although he enjoyed biology and natural history above his other subjects, he was influenced to pursue a career in chemistry. Because his father and his maternal uncle were chemists, he recognised that chemists could make a living. Uncertain if a career in biology was possible, he decided to become a chemist. He began his formal studies at Queen Mary College in London where he received his first degree, a bachelor of science in chemistry. He continued his studies at Queen Mary College, researching tropylium chemistry with Michael J.S. Dewar where he discovered how to isolate the tropylium cation from cyclooctatetraene. For this research, he was awarded his Ph.D. in organic chemistry in 1958 at the age of twenty-four.
Scientific Work.
In 1958, shortly after his Ph.D. studies at Queen Mary College, Ganellin joined Smith Kline and French Laboratories in the UK where he began research in medicinal chemistry. Two years after starting at SK&F, he went to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where he performed his postdoctoral work with Arthur C. Cope. At MIT he devised the first direct optical resolution of a chiral olefin using platinum complex chemistry. After a year at MIT, he returned to the United Kingdom to resume his work at SK&F. In 1966 he headed a landmark research team at SK&F, collaborating with Sir James Black researching histamine H2-receptor antagonists. This research eventually led to the discovery of cimetidine, also known by its trademark name Tagamet which is currently produced by GlaxoSmith Kline.
Cimetidine was a revolutionary drug at the time of its creation. Peptic ulcers, or stomach ulcers, used to be a very serious medical condition. Stomach ulcers were very difficult to treat and caused a great deal of pain. If left untreated, they could even be life threatening. In some cases, surgery was required to remove the ulcer. Because of these factors, cimetidine was an incredibly popular drug after it was approved for prescription. Cimetidine first entered the market in the United Kingdom in 1976, and was received extremely well. Cimetidine quickly garnered over one billion dollars in annual sales, making it the first blockbuster drug, and it is currently listed by the World Health Organization as one of the most essential drugs.
Ganellin’s contribution to this research was integral to its success. His adeptness at physical organic chemistry enabled him to understand the individual H2-receptor antagonist drugs they developed. Initially, the team developed burimamide as a potential H2-receptor antagonist for medicinal use. However, it was soon realized that burimamide was not an appropriate oral medicine. They quickly identified a similar drug, metiamide, which appeared to have clinical potential. However, metiamide also had a shortcoming – its safety was uncertain. The end result of their trials was cimetidine, an H2-receptor antagonist superior to both burimamide and metiamide. The precursor drugs which marked the progress of their research are termed prototypes. These prototype drugs helped them understand the mechanisms that described how the drugs function. Ganellin’s input was vital to the progression of their research along the sequence of prototypes to final product.
Although Ganellin’s contribution to the discovery of cimetidine was immeasurable, he was not alone. He collaborated with many other scientists at SmithKline and French, including fellow medicinal chemist Graham J. Durant. Durant was able to provide his expertise on guanidine chemistry to further the progress of the research. Sir James Whyte Black, a biologist from Scotland, was also instrumental in their research. He identified the role of the H2-receptor in the production of stomach acid. This discovery was crucial to their research, providing the impetus to search for a suitable H2-receptor antagonist to affect production of stomach acid. John C. Emmett, another medicinal chemist, is also credited as a co-discoverer of cimetidine. In addition to these key players, many others contributed to the research, such as William Duncan, the director of research at SK&F, as well as Michael Parsons, whose pharmacological experience was greatly beneficial.
Later life.
Ganellin’s collaborators influenced him and imparted in him knowledge and experience which has remained with him throughout the decades. Ganellin once said that the one achievement that gave him the “most professional pride” was his discovery of cimetidine. This period of his life has defined his scientific career, while also providing him with inspiration to continue his research in medicinal chemistry. Although Ganellin considers cimetidine his greatest achievement, he has never wavered in his devotion to scientific research. After his work on cimetidine was complete, he was given the position of vice-president for research at SK&F’s Welwyn facility. After his considerable tenure at SmithKline & French came to an end in 1986, Ganellin has continued to remain active in the affairs of medicinal chemistry. Shortly before leaving, he was awarded his D.Sc. from London University for his research and publications on histaminergic drugs and elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society (the UK’s National Academy of Science). In 1986, he was appointed as the SmithKline & French Chair of Medicinal Chemistry at University College London where he began a lengthy career in academia.
Awards and achievements.
Since then, Robin Ganellin has authored or co-authored over 260 scientific papers and is listed as inventor or co-inventor on over 160 U.S. patents. He has served as the president of the IUPAC medicinal chemistry section, and he is currently the chair of the subcommittee on medicinal chemistry and drug development. He has won many awards and commendations over the years, both for his work on cimetidine and his research in other areas of medicinal chemistry. He has received awards in medicinal chemistry from many organizations, such as the Royal Society of Chemistry, the American Chemical Society, the Society of Chemical Industry, the Society for Drug Research, the European Federation for Medicinal Chemistry and the Medicinal Chemistry Division of the Italian Chemical Society. He was also inducted into the US National Inventors Hall of Fame in 1990 for his work on cimetidine. Ganellin currently serves as the Emeritus Professor of Medicinal Chemistry, although he is now partially retired.

</doc>
<doc id="20526993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20526993" title="Sydney brown trapdoor spider">
Sydney brown trapdoor spider

The Sydney brown trapdoor spider ("Misgolas rapax") is a Trapdoor spider found primarily around Sydney, Australia. It is usually shy and retiring and is often confused with the Sydney funnel-web spider, which is one of the most venomous spiders in the world.
Description.
Sydney brown trapdoors are medium-to-large in size, the female is around 35mm in length, while the male is usually around 20mm and of a more slimmer build. They are chocolate brown coloured and the males have distinct boxing glove-shaped palps, which are the appendages at the front of the head between the first pair of legs.
Behavior.
Sydney brown trapdoors are usually shy and retiring, although the occasional individual will stand up and show its fangs if harassed inside its burrow. They spend most of the time in their burrows. At night, they are waiting for food in front of their burrows. Mature male Sydney brown trapdoors wander during humid weather in search of a mate. Mating takes place within the female's burrow. Usually the male escapes being eaten in order to mate with several females, before dying. The eggs are kept in the mother's burrow in a cocoon. After hatching, the spiderlings stay in the burrow for some time and eventually emerge to disperse and fend for themselves.
Habitat.
Sydney brown trapdoors dig an open burrow in the ground that is lined with silk. These burrows may reach 250mm in depth and around 25mm in width. Brown trapdoors are often found scattered of silk triplines around the entrance.
Toxicity.
Often mistaken for Funnel-webs, the bites of Sydney brown trapdoors are not dangerous. Local pain and swelling may occur.

</doc>
<doc id="20527003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527003" title="PM Press">
PM Press

PM Press is an independent publisher that specializes in radical, Marxist and anarchist literature, as well as crime fiction, graphic novels, music CDs, and political documentaries. It has offices in the San Francisco Bay Area, Los Angeles, and West Virginia.
History.
PM Press was started in late 2007 by AK Press founder Ramsey Kanaan and several other members of AK Press, including Craig O'Hara. Founder Ramsey Kanaan discussed his interests and involvement with AK Press and PM Press in a 2010 interview with Deric Shannon for Transformative Radio.
In their first year, they published "Wobblies & Zapatistas", a synthesis of anarchism and Marxism by historian Staughton Lynd and Balkans dissident Andrej Grubacic; Chumbawamba’s four-part harmonizing of the history of British dissent in "English Rebel Songs: 1381 to 1984"; The Big Noise production team's video magazine "Dispatches"; Lois Ahrens’ graphic depiction of the effects of mass incarceration in "The Real Cost of Prisons Comix"; "Teaching Rebellion", the oral histories of the Oaxacan Uprising (also available in a Spanish-language edition); eco-philosopher Derrick Jensen ("How Shall I Live My Life?" and "Now This War Has Two Sides" CD), and former Black Panther and freed member of the Angola 3 Robert King ("From the Bottom of the Heap: The Autobiography of Black Panther Robert Hillary King"); the activism of Staughton Lynd and IWW Starbucks organizer Daniel Gross in "Labor Law for the Rank and Filer", and the last three decades of struggle to free political prisoners, "Let Freedom Ring".
In 2009, PM releases included a documentary history of the Red Army Faction, a documentary on the 1970s British anarchist urban guerrillas The Angry Brigade, a history of the struggles of incarcerated women in the U.S. written by Victoria Law, and "My Baby Rides the Short Bus", an anthology of personal essays and stories about raising children with disabilities. 
2010 saw an edition of Peter Marshall’s history of anarchism, "Demanding the Impossible", a radical new examination of the politics of pirates by Gabriel Kuhn, the first English-language edition of writings by German agitator and theorist Gustav Landauer, and "Tunnel People" by photojournalist Teun Voeten, as well as "From Here to There: The Staughton Lynd Reader" and anthologies of works by Paul Goodman.
PM has also launched a noir imprint, "Switchblade"; a "Spectacular Fiction" imprint for science fiction; "Found in Translation" featuring translations of fiction by Japanese author Tomoyuki Hoshino, and "Calling All Heroes" by Mexican novelist Paco Ignacio Taibo II; "Spectre", a political economy imprint, and "Tofuhound", an imprint founded by "Vegan Freak" authors Bob and Jenna Torres. The "Outspoken Authors" imprint of pocketbooks feature fiction writers with conversations on their work, politics, writing, and engagement—science fiction Terry Bisson, Michael Moorcock, Kim Stanley Robinson and Elanor Arnason were among the authors featured; crime writer Gary Phillips was the only non-SF author to have an "Outspoken Authors" title.
PM also published previously unpublished work on politics from Trinidadian revolutionary thinker CLR James, works by the London stencil artist Banksy, healthy cooking from "Bitch Magazine" founder Lisa Jervis; "Arena", a journal of anarchist arts and culture edited by Stuart Christie; and a new imprint with DC’s Busboys & Poets.

</doc>
<doc id="20527014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527014" title="Magosternarchus">
Magosternarchus

Magosternarchus is a genus of weakly electric knifefish in the family Apteronotidae, containing two species. They are endemic to Brazil, occurring in large river channels in the Amazon River basin. Both species are unusual benthic predators that specialize in biting off the tails of other knifefishes, and are characterized by their greatly enlarged jaws and teeth.
Taxonomy.
The name "Magosternarchus" honors Dr. Francisco Mago Leccia, who has made many contributions to the study of gymnotiform knifefishes; the latter part of the name "sternarchus" is from the Greek "sternon" ("chest") and "archos" ("rectum"), referring to the forward placement of the urogenital opening in this group of fishes. The species name of "M. raptor" is from the Latin for "plunderer", referring to its tail-eating habits; the species name of "M. duccis" refers to the Duke University Center for Creative Ichthyology (DUCCIS), an ichthyology club. Based on several shared skeletal traits, the closest relative of "Magnosternarchus" is believed to be the genus "Sternarchella".
Distribution and habitat.
Both species of "Magnosternarchus" are believed to range widely in the Amazon River system, including in the Rio Negro to at least above the confluence of the Rio Blanco. "M. raptor" has been collected as far upstream as the lower Rio Jutai and as far downstream to the lower Rio Xingu; "M. ducci" has been collected as far upstream as Rio Ica and as far downstream as Rio Trombetas. They are found in large, swift-flowing whitewater and blackwater river channels, at least from shore, at depths of . They are absent from beaches, small streams, and other marginal habitats.
Description.
"Magosternarchus" species are immediately recognizable by their large jaws, allowing for a wide gape, and their numerous, large, conical teeth. Both the premaxilla and the dentary bone are elongated, the former bearing two to three rows of teeth (numbering 9–14 in the outermost row) and the latter bearing three rows of teeth (numbering 15–19 in the outermost row). The deeply concave dorsal margin of the opercle also serves to distinguish this genus. The eyes are small and placed towards the top of the head. The body is similar to other ghost knifefishes, being laterally compressed with a long anal fin, a small caudal fin, and no dorsal or pelvic fins. There is a dorsal filament originating posterior to the midpoint of the body.
The coloration is pinkish-white to translucent, with varying numbers of grayish-brown to black chromatophores on the upper sides of the body. The chromatophores are most concentrated at the dorsal midline, with the dorsal filament usually the darkest, and there are also thin, vertical lines of chromatophores on the connective tissue between the anal fin radial muscles. The pigmentation on the nape is interrupted by a pair of pale, comma-shaped lateralis tubes. Tiny light dots of electrosensory cell clusters are present over the back. The anal fin is clear, the caudal fin is clear to dusky, and the anal fin is clear in front and darkly pigmented along the base in the back.
Biology and ecology.
The only identifiable stomach contents of "Magnosternarchus" specimens have been the tails of other gymnotiform knifefishes. Most of the "Magnosternarchus" specimens thus far examined have also possessed regenerated tails. Like other apteronid knifefishes, "Magnosternarchus" is capable of producing a continuous weak electrical discharge for electrolocation and electrocommunication.

</doc>
<doc id="20527015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527015" title="Frank Cieciorka">
Frank Cieciorka

Frank Cieciorka (April 26, 1939 – November 24, 2008) was an American graphic artist, painter, and activist. His best known work, a woodcut rendering of a clenched-fist salute, was a model for the New Left emblem. 
Cieciroka (che-CHOR-ka) grew up in Johnson City upstate New York. In 1957, he attended San Jose State College in California, where he joined the Socialist Party out of opposition to American military intervention in the Dominican Republic and Vietnam. In 1964, he was a volunteer organizer during the Freedom Summer drive to register black voters in Mississippi and served as field secretary for the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, experiences which shaped his political consciousness. Cieciroka also helped organize the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party, an alternative to the official white-dominated state Democratic Party. 
Examples of the fist in political art can be found as far back in 1917, on an Industrial Workers of the World poster, but Cieciroka pioneered its modern usage. Having seen the clenched-fist salute at a Socialist rally in San Francisco, he decided it was a natural image for a woodcut. It gained widespread popularity when Cieciroka and others put the design on a button and gave out thousands at political rallies and demonstrations. In particular, the fist for the 1967 Stop the Draft Week became what art archivist and historian Lincoln Cushing considered “the iconic New Left fist — very stylized and easy to reproduce, picked up almost immediately by Students for a Democratic Society and others.” Although the Black Panther Party used as its primary logo a panther designed by Emory Douglas, versions of Mr. Cieciorka’s "power salute" also were featured in its publications.
Cieciroka's other work includes the book “Negroes in American History: A Freedom Primer,” which he wrote and illustrated with Bobbi Dearborn Cieciorka who also graduated from San Jose State. The book was used in “freedom schools” throughout the American South during the fight for civil rights. Its cover shows four hands and one fist reaching for the sky and is possibly the first use of the fist in the civil-rights movement. He drew poster art for labor groups including the United Farm Workers and other labor groups, made contributions to the "Peoples Press Cooperative" and was art director for "The Movement" newspaper.
In the early 1970s he moved to Humboldt County, California and became a noted watercolor painter particularly of landscapes of his rural California home. He died at his home in Alderpoint, California from emphysema on November 24, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20527043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527043" title="Eamon Dee">
Eamon Dee

Eamon Dee was an Irish Sinn Féin politician. He was elected unopposed as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 2nd Dáil at the 1921 elections for the Waterford–Tipperary East constituency. He opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted against it. He stood as an anti-Treaty Sinn Féin candidate at the 1922 general election but was not elected.

</doc>
<doc id="20527045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527045" title="Warren School District">
Warren School District

Warren School District is a public school district based in Warren, Arkansas, United States. The school district provides early childhood, elementary and secondary education from its four schools in Bradley County, Arkansas.

</doc>
<doc id="20527048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527048" title="Khunsari language">
Khunsari language

Khunsari dialect is a Central dialect within the South Median branch of Northwestern Iranian languages, spoken in Khansar, a town in the west of Isfahan Province of Iran. Some of the oldest isoglosses include the development of Aryan palatals to fricatives: OIr. *dz > z: "mossar" “big”, "kissar" “small”, "heze" “yesterday”, "zun"- “know”, "zumā" “son-in-law” (but "yešt" “ugly” < SW *a-dushta-, cf. NPers. "zesht" < NW *a-zushta- “ungeliebt”); *tsw > sp: "isba", "espa" “dog” (< Median "spaka"-), "espid" “white”, "ešpiž" “louse”.

</doc>
<doc id="20527050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527050" title="Pheu Thai Party">
Pheu Thai Party

The Pheu Thai Party (PTP) (; ; ; "For Thais Party") is the third incarnation of a Thai political party originally founded by former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra. The Pheu Thai Party was founded on 20 September 2008, as an anticipated replacement for the People's Power Party (PPP), which Constitutional Court of Thailand dissolved less than three months later after finding party members guilty of electoral fraud. The People's Power Party was itself a replacement for Thaksin's original Thai Rak Thai (TRT) party which the Constitutional Court dissolved in May 2007 for violation of electoral laws.
Foundation and Opposition years (2008-2011).
The PPP was dissolved by the Constitutional Court of Thailand on 2 December 2008. On 3 December 2008, the majority of the former PPP MPs defected to the Pheu Thai Party. In a PTP general assembly, the first executive commission was elected on 7 December 2008. Candidates for the party's leader were: Yongyuth Wichaidit, Apiwan Wiriyachai, former Vice President of the House of Representatives, former health minister Chalerm Yubamrung and former industry minister Mingkwan Saengsuwan. Yongyuth Wichaidit was elected as the party's leader.
In a December 2008 parliamentary session MPs of five PPP coalition parties decided to endorse Abhisit Vejjajiva as the next prime minister and themselves forming a Democrat-led coalition. The PTP campaigned for their endorsement by the PPP-coalition parties. However, Abhisit had gained their support for the premiership. After that, the party called for a national unity government in which all parties would be involved, with Sanoh Thienthong of the Royalist People's Party as the new premier. This proposal was rejected by the defecting coalition parties and the Democrat Party. On 11 December, Worrawat Eua-apinyakul, then MP for Phrae from PTP, suggested that the party should push for a house dissolution and general elections, with the hope of depriving the prospective coalition of a parliamentary majority. However, The President of the House of Representatives; Chai Chidchob spoke against the plan.
On 15 December 2008, the party elected Pracha Promnok as the party's candidate for prime minister and has since been in opposition to prime minister Abhisit Vejjajiva's coalition government. As an opposition, the party received a rating of 3.75 out of 10 by a majority of respondents in a nationwide survey conducted on 24 and 25 December 2010, by Bangkok University.
In early May 2011, Jarupong Ruangsuwan was named new Secretary general of the party.
Pheu Thai in Government.
In 2011 general election, Pheu Thai Party contested for the first time since its foundation. On 16 May Thaksin's youngest sister Yingluck Shinawatra was nominated head of PTP's party-list proportional representation and contender of prime minister Abhisit. One of her main issues in campaign was national reconciliation. The election was expected to be a neck-and-neck between Pheu Thai and the ruling Democrats. Unexpectedly, the party won 265 of 500 seats in the House of Representatives on 3 July. Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva acknowledged Pheu Thai's success in the election, and congratulated Yingluck Shinawatra as Thailand's first female prime minister. Despite its absolute majority, the winning party announced to form a coalition government with five minor parties. On 5 August, Yingluck was elected prime minister with 296 votes in favour. The election was approved and Yingluck was formally appointed by the king on 8 August.

</doc>
<doc id="20527075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527075" title="Séamus Doyle">
Séamus Doyle

Séamus Doyle (died 30 April 1971) was an Irish Sinn Féin politician. He was elected unopposed as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 2nd Dáil at the 1921 elections for the Wexford constituency. He opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted against it. He was elected as an anti-Treaty Sinn Féin TD at the 1922 general election but did not take his seat. He did not contest the 1923 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20527097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527097" title="Francis Ferran">
Francis Ferran

Francis Patrick Ferran (died 10 June 1923) was an Irish Sinn Féin politician and medical practitioner. He was elected unopposed as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 2nd Dáil at the 1921 elections for the Sligo–Mayo East constituency. He opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted against it. He was elected as an anti-Treaty Sinn Féin TD at the 1922 general election but did not take his seat. He did not contest the 1923 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20527113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527113" title="This is Your Laugh">
This is Your Laugh

This is Your Laugh was an Australian television talk show broadcast by Seven HD. It was the second Australian television program to be produced exclusively for a HDTV multichannel, the first being "The NightCap". The show began broadcasting on 30 November 2008 on Sunday evenings at 8.30pm, where it aired for nine episodes. It returned on 8.30 Saturday 14 February where another two episodes aired, after which it was moved to a late night timeslot on Tuesday's where the last five episodes of the series aired.
Synopsis.
The show was hosted by "Deal or No Deal" and "Weekend Sunrise" host Andrew O'Keefe who interviews two celebrities who talk about their achievements and their experiences. Some of these experiences are then reenacted comically by a cast of improvisational actors that includes Nicola Parry, Rebecca De Unamuno, Toby Truslove and Daniel Cordeaux. Musician Gep Blake provides music and sound effects.
The program's producer was TV comedy veteran Marc Gracie.
Episode List.
The table below shows the guests of each of the series' sixteen episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="20527145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527145" title="French Bible">
French Bible

French Bible may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20527172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527172" title="Lauris Elms">
Lauris Elms

Lauris Margaret Elms AM OBE (born 20 October 1931) is an Australian contralto, renowned in opera and lieder.
She was born in Springvale, Victoria, the elder daughter of Harry Britton Elms and Jean née Halford and trained with Katherine Wielaert in Melbourne. She first sang with the National Theatre Opera Company in 1952 in The Consul. She had further study in Paris with Dominique Modesti. She made her Royal Opera, Covent Garden debut in 1957 as Ulrica in Verdi's "Un ballo in maschera", and was principal contralto at Covent Garden from 1957 to 1959. She appeared there in "Elektra", "Les Troyens", "The Tales of Hoffmann", "Dialogues of the Carmelites", Handel's "Samson", "Die Walküre", "Lucia di Lammermoor", and "Rigoletto". She also appeared as Mrs Sedley in Benjamin Britten's "Peter Grimes", and in the Decca recording conducted by the composer.
She toured Israel in 1958 for the 10th anniversary of the State of Israel, appearing with the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra, in nine performances of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony conducted by Rafael Kubelík. In 1958 she married Graeme de Graaff, and they have one daughter, the clarinetist Deborah de Graaff.
Lauris Elms presented lieder recitals with Musica Viva Australia and the ABC throughout Australia between 1960 and 1970. In 1961 she was a soloist in Dvořák's "Stabat Mater" with the South Australian Symphony Orchestra under Karel Ančerl. Amongst the other soloists was Arnold Matters.
In 1965, she sang with the Sutherland–Williamson Opera Company and then with the Australian Elizabethan Theatre Trust and the Australian Opera from 1966 to 1987. She was much praised for her Arsace Semiramide in 1965, Azucena (Verdi's "Il trovatore") opposite Donald Smith and Elizabeth Fretwell and later with Kenneth Collins and Joan Sutherland in the Moshinsky/Nolan production. Between 1958 and 1973 she sang in five Royal Command performances. In 1970 she sang in Verdi's "Requiem" with an all-Australian cast of soloists, at the Royal Festival Hall, London, conducted by Charles Mackerras, marking the 200th anniversary of James Cook's charting of the east coast of Australia. In 1973 she sang at the openings of the Adelaide Festival Theatre and the Sydney Opera House, and she appeared in the inaugural opera season at the latter venue in all three parts of Puccini's "Il trittico". That year she also appeared as a soloist in Hector Berlioz's "Les nuits d'été" ("Summer Nights") and lieder recitals in Korea. She performed with Marilyn Richardson Ian Cugley's "The Six Days of Creation", which was written for their voices. Her 1979 solo recital at the Opera House was the first ABC recital to feature a resident Australian singer. She gave recitals in China in 1983. 
In 1987, Lauris Elms commissioned a song cycle from composer Derek Strachan. He produced "Rose of the Bay", a cycle of nine songs for mezzo-soprano, clarinet and piano. It was premiered by Lauris Elms, Deborah de Graaff, and David Miller, and they went on to make the premiere recording.
Lauris Elms retired in 1994. In 2001 she published her autobiography "The Singing Elms: the autobiography of Lauris Elms". The book is currently out of print but an electronic copy (text only) is available at smashwords.com.
Honours.
Lauris Elms was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1974, awarded the Queen's Jubilee Medal in 1977, and appointed a Member of the Order of Australia (AM). 
In 1988, the University of Sydney awarded her an honorary Doctorate of Music, and in 1995 she received the Rotary International Award for Vocational Excellence. In 2010 she received the Melbourne Green Room Award for Lifetime Achievement.
Roles and recordings.
Her principal roles were: Micah ("Samson"), Arsace ("Semiramide"), Amneris ("Aida"), Azucena ("Il trovatore"), Ulrica ("Un ballo in maschera"), Eboli ("Don Carlos"), the title role in "Carmen", Frugola, Principessa, Zita, ("Il trittico"), Lucretia ("The Rape of Lucretia"), Mistress Quickly ("Falstaff"), Sesto ("La clemenza di Tito"), Caesar ("Julius Caesar"), Orpheus ("Orpheus"), Mrs Sedley ("Peter Grimes"), and Anna and Dido ("Les Troyens"), Bradamante ("Alcina"), and Judith "Bluebeard's Castle", Delilah ("Samson and Delilah"), Fricka ("Die Walküre"), Erda ("Siegfried"), and the Ice Queen ("Schwanda the Bagpiper").
Her recordings include: 

</doc>
<doc id="20527175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527175" title="ADMB">
ADMB

ADMB or AD Model Builder is a free and open source software suite for non-linear statistical modeling. It was created by David Fournier and now being developed by the ADMB Project, a creation of the non-profit ADMB Foundation. The "AD" in AD Model Builder refers to the automatic differentiation capabilities that come from the AUTODIF Library, a C++ language extension also created by David Fournier, which implements reverse mode automatic differentiation. A related software package, ADMB-RE, provides additional support for modeling random effects.
Features and use.
Markov chain Monte Carlo methods are integrated into the ADMB software, making it useful for Bayesian modeling. In addition to Bayesian hierarchical models, ADMB provides support for modeling random effects in a frequentist framework using Laplace approximation and importance sampling.
ADMB is widely used by scientists in academic institutions, government agencies, and international commissions, most commonly for ecological modeling. In particular, many fisheries stock assessment models have been built using this software. ADMB is freely available under the New BSD License,
with versions available for Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, and OpenSolaris operating systems. Source code for ADMB was made publicly available in March, 2009.
History and Background.
Implementation.
Work by David Fournier in the 1970s on development of highly parameterized 
integrated statistical models in fisheries motivated the
development of the AUTODIF Library, and ultimately ADMB.
The likelihood equations
in these models are typically non-linear and estimates of the 
parameters are
obtained by numerical methods.
Early in Fournier's work, it became clear that general numerical
solutions to these likelihood problems could only be reliably
achieved using function minimization algorithms that
incorporate accurate information about the gradients of the likelihood
surface. Computing the gradients (i.e. partial derivatives
of the likelihood with respect to all model variables) must also be done with
the same accuracy as the likelihood computation itself.
Fournier developed a protocol for writing code to compute the required
derivatives based on the chain rule of differential calculus. This
protocol is very similar to the suite of methods that came to be known
as ``reverse mode automatic differentiation" 
The statistical models using these methods
typically included eight constituent code segments:
Model developers are usually only interested in the first of these
constituents. Any programming tools that can reduce the overhead of
developing and maintaining the other seven will greatly increase their
productivity.
Bjarne Stroustrup began development of C++ in the 1970s at Bell Labs as an 
enhancement to the C programming language. C++ spread widely, and by
1989, C++ compilers were available for personal computers.
The polymorphism of C++ makes it possible to envisage a programming
system in which all mathematical operators and functions can be
overloaded to automatically compute the derivative contributions of
every differentiable numerical operation in any computer program.
Otter Research.
Fournier formed Otter Research Ltd. in 1989, and
by 1990 the AUTODIF Library included special classes for derivative computation and
the requisite overloaded functions for all C++ operators and
all functions in the standard C++ math library.
The AUTODIF Library automatically computes the derivatives of the objective function
with the same accuracy as the objective function itself and thereby
frees the developer from the onerous task of writing
and maintaining derivative code for statistical models.
Equally important from the standpoint of model development,
the AUTODIF Library includes a "gradient stack", 
a quasi-Newton function minimizer, a derivative checker, and
container classes for vectors and matrices. 
The first application of the AUTODIF Library was published in 1992
The AUTODIF Library does not, however, completely liberate the developer from
writing all of the model constituents listed above. In 1993, Fournier further
abstracted the writing of statistical models by creating ADMB, a special
"template" language to simplify model specification by
creating the tools to
transform models written using the templates into the AUTODIF Library
applications. ADMB produces code to manage the exchange of model
parameters between the model and the function minimizer,
automatically computes the Hessian matrix and inverts it to provide
an estimate the covariance of the estimated parameters. ADMB thus
completes the liberation of the model developer from all of the tedious
overhead of managing non-linear optimization, thereby freeing him or her to
focus on the more interesting aspects of the statistical model.
By the mid-1990s, ADMB had earned acceptance by researchers working on
all aspects of resource management. Population models based on the
ADMB are used to monitor a range of both endangered
species and commercially valuable fish populations including
whales, dolphins,
sea lions, penguins, albatross, abalone, lobsters, tunas, marlins,
sharks, rays, anchovy, and pollock. ADMB has also been
used to reconstruct movements of many species of animals tracked with
electronic tags. 
In 2002, Fournier teamed up with Hans Skaug to introduce random
effects into ADMB. This
development included automatic computation of second and third
derivatives and the use of forward mode automatic differentiation followed by
two sweeps of reverse model AD in certain cases. 
ADMB Project.
In 2007, a group of ADMB users that included John Sibert, Mark
Maunder and Anders Nielsen became concerned about ADMB's long-term 
development and maintenance. An agreement was reached with
Otter Research to sell the copyright to ADMB for the purpose of
making ADMB an open-source project and distributing it without
charge. The non-profit ADMB Foundation was created
to coordinate development and promote use of ADMB.
The ADMB Foundation drafted a proposal to the Gordon and Betty Moore
Foundation for the funds to purchase ADMB from Otter Research. 
The Moore Foundation provided a grant to 
the National Center of Ecological Analysis and Synthesis 
at the University of California at Santa Barbara 
in late 2007 so that the Regents of the University of California could
purchase the rights to ADMB. 
The purchase was completed in mid-2008, and the complete ADMB libraries were posted
on the ADMB Project website in December 2008. By May 2009, more
than 3000 downloads of the libraries had occurred. The
source code was made available in December 2009. In mid-2010,
ADMB was supported on all common operating systems (Windows,
Linux, MacOS and Sun/SPARC), for all common C++ compilers
(GCC, Visual Studio, Borland), and for both 32 and 64 bit
architectures.
ADMB Foundation efforts during the first two years of the ADMB 
Project have focused on
automating the building of ADMB for different platforms,
streamlining installation, and creation of
a user-friendly working environments. Planned technical
developments 
include parallelization of internal computations,
implementation of hybrid MCMC, and improvement of the large sparse matrix
for use in random effects models.

</doc>
<doc id="20527178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527178" title="Electoral district of Brighton (Tasmania)">
Electoral district of Brighton (Tasmania)

The Electoral district of Brighton was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Brighton to the north of Hobart. 
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished at the 1903 election, when it was merged with neighbouring Richmond into the new district of Monmouth.
The election on 22 May 1891 resulted in the defeat of the incumbent member, Henry Mugliston, by Thomas Dillon. Mugliston petitioned the court alleging Dillon had engaged in corrupt practices and bribery during the campaign and on 25 July 1891, Dillon's election was declared void under the Electoral Act 1890. Neither candidate ran in the resulting by-election on 12 August 1891, and Henry Dobson, who was aligned with Mugliston, won against non-aligned candidate Thomas Hodgman. Barely a year later, following the fall of Philip Fysh's government, Dobson became Premier of Tasmania, a role in which he served for 20 months.

</doc>
<doc id="20527215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527215" title="You (Wes Carr song)">
You (Wes Carr song)

"You" is the debut single from the 2008 "Australian Idol" winner, Wes Carr. It was released digitally on 23 November 2008, and physically on 3 December 2008. It is the lead single from his second studio album, "The Way the World Looks".
Charts and certifications.
The song debuted at #3 on the ARIA Singles Chart, before climbing to #2, then peaking at #1, in its third week, and certified Gold. It then fell to #2 for two weeks, and then spent its final week inside the top ten at #8. 

</doc>
<doc id="20527260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527260" title="Oxo Biodegradable">
Oxo Biodegradable

(OXO-bio) plastic is polyolefin plastic to which has been added small amounts of metal salts (none of these are "heavy metals" restricted by the EU Packaging Waste Directive 94/62 Art 11). These salts catalyze the natural degradation process to speed it up so that the OXO plastic will degrade abiotically at the end of its useful life in the presence of oxygen. At the end of that process it is no longer visible, it is no longer a plastic, and will then biodegrade. It does not therefore leave fragments of plastic in the environment. The degradation process is shortened from hundreds of years to years and/or months for abiotic degradation and thereafter the rate of biodegradation depends on the micro-organisms in the environment. It does not however need to be in a highly microbial environment such as compost.
Degradation process.
Degradation is a process that takes place in many materials. The speed depends on the environment.
Conventional polyethylene (PE) and polypropylene (PP) plastics will typically take hundreds of years to degrade. But oxo-degradable products utilize a prodegradant to speed up the molecular breakdown of the polyolefins and incorporate oxygen atoms into the resulting low molecular mass. This chemical change enables the further breakdown of the material by naturally-occuring micro-organisms.
The process of degradation in OXO treated plastic is an oxidative chain scission that is catalyzed by metal salts leading to oxygenated (hydroxylated and carboxylated) shorter chain molecules . 
OXO plastic if discarded in the environment, will fragment and degrade to oxygenated low molecular weight (typically MW 5-10.000 amu) within 2–18 months depending on the material (resin, thickness, anti-oxidants, etc.) and the temperature and other factors in the environment. 
An oxo-biodegradable PE plastic bag for example 30 µm thick with 2% prodegradant additive degrades within 3 months if left exposed in an open air environment in Thailand and a 150 µm thick PP container or sheet will degrade within 3–6 months. Oxo plastics are designed so that they will not degrade in a landfill due to insufficient oxygen present below a depth of approximately 15cm. They will not therefore generate methane, which is a powerful greenhouse gas.
Oxo-biodegradable products do not degrade immediately in an open environment because they are stabilized to give the product a useful service-life. They will nevertheless biodegrade in nature much more quickly than nature's wastes such as twigs and straw (c10 years) and cannot be compared in speed with the degradation ordinary plastic (many decades).
Oxo-biodegradation of polymer material has been studied in depth at the Technical Research Institute of Sweden and the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences. A peer-reviewed report of the work was published in Vol 96 of the journal of Polymer Degradation & Stability (2011) at page 919-928. It shows 91% biodegradation in a soil environment within 24 months, when tested in accordance with ISO 17556.
Standards applicability.
OXO-biodegradable plastic degrades in the presence of oxygen, and the process is accelerated by UV and heat. It can be recycled during its useful life with normal plastic.
It is not designed to be compostable in industrial composting facilities according to ASTM D6400 or EN13432, but it can be composted in an in-vessel process.
The oxidation process takes no longer than the 180 day period required by ASTM D6400 and similar standards for compostable plastics such as EN13432 Australian 4736 and ISO 17088. This short time is necessary for compostable plastics because industrial composting has a short timescale, and is not the same as degradation in the environment. A leaf is generally considered to be biodegradable but it will not pass the composting standards, due to the 180 day limit in ASTM D6400. (Indeed, materials which do comply with ASTM D6400, EN13432, Australian 4736 and ISO 17088 cannot properly be described as "compostable." This is because those standards require them to convert substantially to CO2 gas within 180 days. You cannot therefore make them into compost - only into CO2 gas. This contributes to climate-change, but does nothing for the soil.
There is a Standard Guide (ASTM D6954) which specifies procedures to test degradability, biodegradability, and non-toxicity, and with which a properly designed and manufactured oxo product complies. ASTM D6954 includes a 2-tier test procedure to determine whether a plastic could be marketed as "oxo-biodegradable". The Standard Guide references the ASTM D5510 Test Specification which determines the usable life of the OXO plastic through Thermal Degradation. Secondly it references ASTM D5208 which is used to determine the usable life based on UV degradation. These two test procedure in combination make up Tier 1 of the testing process for verifying that an OXO plastic is degradable. After Tier 1 is complete and the OXO plastic has been shown to be significantly degraded (usually done by FT-IR to show the new spectra peak at around the 1730 wavelength) the testing can move on to the Tier 2 procedure. The Standards used for Tier 2 testing are either ASTM D5338 or ISO 17556. These are both testing for the conversion of carbon in the polymer to CO2 in a controlled environment. After 60% carbon is converted from the sample the OXO plastic is said to be biodegradable. Although ASTM D6954-04 is a Standard Guide (as opposed to a Standard Specification) it does provide pass / fail criteria and therefore is useful in determining whether a plastic could be marketed as "oxo-biodegradable". It also contains pass/fail criteria to exclude any significant gel content which might inhibit degradation.
There is no need to refer to a Standard Specification unless a specific disposal route (e.g.: composting), is envisaged. ASTM D6400 Australian 4736 and EN13432 are Standard Specifications appropriate only for the special conditions found in industrial composting.
Another reference document has recently been published by the French standards organisation AFNOR. This document AC.51 808 offers a well researched method to test oxo-biodegradable plastics based on usage and climate conditions. It introduces a new testing method for the biodegradation of polymer using selected micro-organisms and measuring ATP and ADP by chimiluminescence. This method brings a new approach as tests are done at 37°C which is much more relevant to outdoor conditions than ASTM D6400 or EN 13432 done at 58°C plus The micro-organisms are identified based on the environment where the plastic will be disposed which is not the case with the CO2-evolution method.
This French document is a very interesting innovation for predicting the behaviour of an oxo-biodegradable plastic in case of littering. This test method provides as well an ecotoxicity testing method to ensure that residues in the environment, pending complete biodegradation, are not toxic.
Environmental issues.
OXO-bio plastics, especially in the form of plastic bags, are now widely used as an environmentally sound solution for the problem of plastic litter in the open environment which cannot realistically be collected and they are now mandatory in the Middle-east, Asia and Africa. There are several environmental issues related to their use. Metal salts used as the catalyst for OXO-biodegradation carry no risks of environmental pollution. They do not contain heavy metals (see EU Packaging Waste Directive 94/62 Art 11).heavy metals. In case of lead,the BPI study is unhelpful, as the lead was not alleged to be in the oxo additive. A Life-cycle assessment made by INTERTEK in May 2012 (available at www.biodeg.org) classified oxo as the leading solution to address the problem of littering.
Other often discussed issues are the potential toxicity of the OXO plastic breakdown residue (but oxo-bio products have to pass the eco-toxicity tests in ASTM D69540) loss of degradable properties in landfills (but oxo-bio products are designed not to degrade deep in landfill so that they will not generate methane), the ability of plastic fragments to survive long enough to present danger to wildlife (there is no evidence of any danger to wildlife, and almost all the plastic fragments found in studies on the marine environment are fragments of conventional plastic) and discouragement of planned plastic bag phase-outs (because oxo-biodegradability removes the main rationale for plastic-bag bans ie that conventional plastic can lie or float around in the environment for decades). The other rationale is that oil-reserves should not be used to make plastic, but oil is extracted primarily to make fuels, and plastic is made from a necessary by-product of the refining process. The same amount of oil would therefore be extracted if plastic did not exist. Another issue often discussed is whether oxo-bio plastic can be safely recycled with other oil-based plastics. The Roediger report of 5th December 2013 found that it can, and that bio-based "compostable" plastic cannot. 
There is no evidence that oxo-biodegradable plastic of any kind encourages littering or discourages recycling, and it is in fact indistinguishable to the naked eye from conventional plastic. The stored energy potential of oxo-biodegradable plastic could be retrieved by thermal recycling if collected during its useful life, as it has the same calorfic value as the oil from which it was made.
It is clear that millions of tons of plastics are in the environment and a lot of countries do not have the capacity of recycling. In the world only 3% of the plastics is recycled and oxo offers an interesting alternative to plastic pollution in case of littering.

</doc>
<doc id="20527261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527261" title="Kelly Miller High School">
Kelly Miller High School

Kelly Miller High School was a 'colored' or 'negro' high school in Clarksburg, West Virginia operated from 1903 until school desegregation in 1956. The school was named in honor of Kelly Miller, an African American mathematician, sociologist, essayist, newspaper columnist, author, and an important figure in the intellectual life of black America for close to half a century. At the time, Miller was Howard University Dean of the college of Arts and Sciences, and traveled to Clarksburg to discuss education as a way to help African Americans. The black community of Clarksburg decided to change the name of the school that same year, 1920, from Water Street 'colored' School to Kelly Miller 'colored' School. The school colors were black and orange, and the team was the Kelly Miller Yellow Jackets. The school's building has been the location of the central offices for the Harrison County Board of Education since 1982. The future of this building is in limbo as the board offices are planning to move to the former Gore Elementary School which is a newer recently closed structure.
Location.
Kelly Miller High School is located at on EB Saunders Way, in Clarksburg, West Virginia. It is still standing today and serves as the main office for the Harrison County School Board. The builder, Charles D. Ogden, was a Harrison County resident. He completed the building in 1902. Like many black schools throughout the state, Kelly Miller existed not just for the students. Prior to integration, the school was a focal point of the Clarksburg black community. It served as a rallying point, a social center and an institution with which the black community could identify. In 1929 the building was expanded to include a gymnasium, swimming pool, large library, more classrooms manual arts workshop, auditorium with a seating capacity of 825 and a first class home economics department.
Kelly Miller.
Miller was born in Winnsboro, South Carolina in 1863, and graduated from Howard University in 1886. He was the first black admitted to Johns Hopkins University when he began his graduate studies in mathematics, physics, and astronomy. Appointed professor of mathematics at Howard in 1890, Miller introduced sociology into the curriculum in 1895, serving as professor of sociology from 1895 to 1934. As dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, he modernized the classical curriculum, strengthening the natural and social sciences. Miller graduated from Howard's School of Law in 1903. 
Miller was a prolific writer of articles and essays which were published in major newspapers and magazines, and several books including "Out of the House of Bondage". Miller assisted W. E. B. Du Bois in editing The Crisis, the official journal of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). In the 1920s and 1930s, his weekly column appeared in more than 100 newspapers.
On African American educational policy, Miller aligned himself with neither the "radicals" — Du Bois and the Niagara Movement — nor the "conservatives" — the followers of Booker T. Washington. Miller sought a middle way, a comprehensive education system that would provide for "symmetrical development" of African American citizens by offering both vocational and intellectual instruction.
Miller was a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity.
Notable Staff.
Duncan Huey Kyle Was the principal when the school opened he was a well known African American. Around this period the state of Alabama trained and sent out to adjacent states a number of African American men and women to places among the leaders of the race in the educational, religious, and business life. Kyle was among these. His start date at Kelly Miller is unknown but he left Kelly Miller in 1919.
EB Saunders served as the schools principal from 1919 to 1956 when the school closed. Principal Saunders was placed as principal at Linden Grade School after the school closed. The portion of Water Street where the building is located from Washington Ave to the Dead end was renamed EB Saunders Way sometime in the 1990s in honor of the former beloved principal.

</doc>
<doc id="20527270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527270" title="Fredensborg">
Fredensborg

Fredensborg is a railway town with a population of 8,406 (1 January 2013) located in Fredensborg Municipality, Denmark at the railroad between Hillerød and Helsingør.
Fredensborg Palace is located in Fredensborg which is the Danish Royal Family's spring and autumm residence. Queen Ingrid of Denmark died there.

</doc>
<doc id="20527274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527274" title="Séamus Fitzgerald">
Séamus Fitzgerald

Séamus (James) Fitzgerald (21 August 1896 – 23 July 1972) was an Irish politician. He was elected unopposed as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 2nd Dáil at the 1921 elections for the Cork East and North East constituency.
Fitzgerald was born in Cobh (then known as Queenstown) in 1896. He joined the Irish Volunteers in 1914 and was mobilised in Cork in preparation for the Easter Rising in 1916. When the Rising failed to spread beyond Dublin and some other limited actions, Fitzgerald and many of his Cork comrades was interned in Britain. After the amnesty for prisoners he rejoined what had now become the Irish Republican Army (IRA) in Cobh and also became active in the Sinn Féin party. He was elected a member of the town's first republican Urban District Council (now Cobh Town Council) at the 1919 local elections and was elected chairman at its first meeting.
He opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted against it. He stood as an anti-Treaty Sinn Féin candidate at the 1922 general election but was not elected. He joined Fianna Fáil in 1926 shortly after its foundation and was to remain a prominent member of the party in the Cork area for the next 50 years until his death. He was elected to the Irish Free State Seanad in 1934 and served until it was abolished in 1936. He stood in several elections for that party in both Cork East and Cork City but was only successful on one occasion when elected to the short-lived 11th Dáil as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork Borough constituency at the 1943 general election. He lost his seat at the 1944 general election.
Fitzgerald owned a local business in Cobh and was an active member of the local Chamber of Commerce as well as Cork Harbour Commissioners (now the Port of Cork Company). He held several directorships in local companies. Séamus Fitzgerald died in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20527295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527295" title="NBPA">
NBPA

NBPA can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20527317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527317" title="Mark Simmonds (saxophonist)">
Mark Simmonds (saxophonist)

Mark Simmonds is an Australian jazz tenor saxophonist, composer, and leader of the group The Freeboppers. Born in Christchurch, New Zealand in 1955, he moved to Sydney, Australia when he was 10 years old. 
Career.
Prominent throughout the 1970s, 80s and 90s in the Australian jazz scene, Mark Simmonds also worked in many other musical settings such as soul, funk groups The Dynamic Hepnotics (1985–1986), Jackie Orszaczky's "Jump Back Jack", and also contemporary music groups such as Phil Treloar's "Feeling to Thought", PipeLine and The Umbrellas. In addition to these, the Australian Rock database lists Simmonds as a member of Drain, Corroboree, Chris Turner Band, Silver Studs, Keys Orchestra, Moonlight, Ol' 55, Bentley's Boogie Band, and Renee Geyer Band. A post-Coltrane saxophonist with a huge sound, Simmonds led his own groups mostly under the name of "The Freeboppers" which held host to many of Australia’s most adventurous musicians. In December 1981, Mark Simmonds' Freeboppers played at the "All Souls Feast Dance" fundraising benefit at the Trades Union Club in Sydney, along with The Laughing Clowns, Dead Travel Fast, and performer and organizer, Jon Rose.
Two songs of The Freeboppers were featured on the KMA (Keys Music Association) compilation LP in 1982 entitled "March of the Five Limbs". Mark Simmonds' Freeboppers released a full length double CD entitled 'FIRE' in 1993 on Birdland Records (BL002). The album won an Aria Award for "Best Jazz Album" in 1995. A song called "Kings Cross Drag" was included on the 1993 Vox Australis album, "Beyond El Rocco : The Ultimate Australian Jazz Soundtrack".
Simmonds' collaborators include Steve Elphick (bass), Phil Treloar (percussion), David Addes (alto sax), Jamie Fielding (keyboards), Greg Sheehan (drums), Miroslav Bukovsky (trumpet), Peter Dehlsen (drums), Louis Burdett (drums), Peter Fine, Daniel Fine (sax), Steve Hunter (bass), Serge Ermoll (piano), Kees Steen (guitar), Rob Gador (bass), Michael Sheridan (guitar), Chris Abrahams (piano), Cleis Pierce (violin), Samila Sithole (percussion), Andrew Gander (drums), Thierry Fossemalle (bass), Scott Tinkler (trumpet), Simon Barker (drums), Azo Bell (guitar), Duncan Archibald (drums), Diane Peters (harp), Bobby Gebert (piano), Mark Shepherd (bass), Will Guthrie (drums), Scott Lambie (drums), Philip Rex (bass), Tony Buck (drums).
In an article from the Sydney Morning Herald, 13 May 1987, jazz critic Gail Brennan wrote: "Mark Simmond's Freeboppers devastated the Basement with an unbroken hour-and-a-half orgy of rhythm and fire." The article reviews a double-bill with the Dale Barlow Quintet at Sydney's most renowned jazz venue, The Basement, on 11 May 1987. It goes on to say Mark "led a band that had played in public for a month (at the Piccadilly) and their confidence and cohesion were glorious to hear" and concludes; "It is not often that a reviewer of Australian jazz has no choice but to gush. This was one of those nights."
According to Birdland Records, Simmonds "no longer performs or plays".

</doc>
<doc id="20527339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527339" title="Dusun language">
Dusun language

Central Dusun, Central Kadazan (Dusun: "Boros Dusun"), is one of the more widespread languages spoken by the Dusun and Kadazan peoples of Sabah, Malaysia.
Official dialect.
Under the efforts of the Kadazandusun Cultural Association Sabah, the standardized Kadazan-Dusun language is of the central Bundu-Liwan dialect spoken in Bundu and Liwan. Dusun Bundu-liwan's selection was based on it being the most mutually intelligible, when conversing with other Dusun or Kadazan dialects.
Alphabet.
The Dusun-Kadazan language is written using the Latin Alphabet and it has 22 characters (C, F, Q, and X are missing):
A B D E G H I J K L M N O P R S T U V W Y Z
These characters together are called "Pimato"
Structure.
The Dusun phrase structure follow a different pattern since the normal English SUBJECT – VERB – OBJECT structure is non-existent in the Dusun construction. A typical Dusun sentence follows the VERB – SUBJECT – OBJECT structure.
Example
Dusun sentence: Moginum isio do waig.
Direct English translation: Drink him water.
English interpretation: He's drinking water.
Dusun sentence: Nunu maan nu do suab?
Direct English translation: What do you tomorrow?
English interpretation: What are you doing tomorrow?
Examples.
Genesis 1:1-3.
Ontok di timpuun ih, tuminimpuun o Kinorohingan do minomonsoi do libabou om pomogunan. Orolot iti pomogunan om inggaa suang, om pointuong nokulumutan di rahat topuhod. Mintulud sunduan do Kinorohingan do hiri id soibau di waig. Om pomoros nodi o Kinorohingan do, "Nawau no" ka. Om haro nodi o tanawau. Om asanangan tomod o Kinorohingan do nokokitoh diri. Potongkiado no do Kinoingan ih tanawau do mantad hiri id totuong. Om pungaranai nodi do Kinorohingan do "dangadau" it anawau, om iri otuong nopo nga pinungaranan dau do "dongotuong". Haro di sosodopon, sinusuhut minsusuab – iri no o tadau kumoiso.
Translation.
In the beginning God created heaven and earth. The earth was formless and empty, and darkness covered the deep water. The spirit of God was hovering over the water. Then God said, "Let there be light!" So there was light. God saw the light was good. So God separated the light from the darkness. God named the light "day", and the darkness he named "night". There was evening, then morning, the first day.

</doc>
<doc id="20527340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527340" title="Xanopticon">
Xanopticon

Ryan Friedrich (born July 14, 1980 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States), better known by his moniker Xanopticon, is an electronic musician. One of breakcore's most prominent producers, he has toured internationally and released music with several electronic labels including Hymen Records, Mirex, Cock Rock Disco, Entity and Tigerbeat6. His live shows are often noted for their intensity and his sound for its attention to detail, having been described by one journalist as "waves of breaks". Xanopticon's output features dramatic dynamics that alternate between frantic IDM/breakcore and more subtle, melodic ambient music, and his sonic heaviness has been compared to labelmates Venetian Snares and Fanny, as well as Belgian flashcore artist Atomhead.
Not much information is available about what software Friedrich uses for music production. However, he has been stated recording the album "Liminal Space" in FL Studio 4. To what extent that is true there is no real evidence for right now, but in a video he is actually seen using FL Studio while doing a live performance, proving that he uses it to at least some extent.

</doc>
<doc id="20527345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527345" title="Baktapur union">
Baktapur union

Baktapur union () is a union of Fatikchhari Upazila of Chittagong District.
Geography.
Area of Baktapur: 1,136 acres (4.6 km2).
Location.
North: Nanupur union
East: Dharmapur union
South: Jafotnagar union
West: Roshangiri union
Population.
As of 1991 Bangladesh census, Baktapur union has a population of 13,915 and house units 1861.
Educational institutions.
Dr Enamul Hoque High School,
Mahater Dighi Primary,
Dairabari Primary & High School,
Goldar Bari School,
Jharnar Dighi School & Maddarasha
Marketplaces and bazars.
Shantirhat is the main bazar of Baktapur.
References.
Information:[http://www.lcgbangladesh.org/derweb/Population_Union.xls]

</doc>
<doc id="20527357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527357" title="Tuhinj Valley">
Tuhinj Valley

The Tuhinj Valley (; ) is a valley in Slovenia linking the Celje Basin with the Ljubljana Basin in an east-west direction along the courses of the Nevljica and Motnišnica rivers. 
Geography.
The western part of the valley was formed by the watershed of the Nevljica, flowing into the Kamnik Bistrica, and the narrower, eastern part by the Motnišnica, a tributary of the Savinja River. Their drainage divide is at the Kozjak Pass at an elevation of 655 m between Cirkuše v Tuhinju and Špitalič. The largest settlements in the valley include Laze v Tuhinju, Šmartno v Tuhinju, and Motnik. The large number of old settlements points to the fact that the valley was an important thoroughfare in the Middle Ages and later as a passage between Lower Styria and Upper Carniola.
Name.
The Tuhinj region was mentioned in written sources circa 1400 as "Tuchein", "Tuchen", and "Tucheiner alben". The name was originally "*Tuxyn′ь", derived from the hypocorism "*Tuxynъ" (based on the Slavic personal name "*Tuxъ" or "*Tuxa"). This root is also the source of similar names such as "Tuhinje" in Herzegovina, "Tuin" in Macedonia, "Tukhin" in Russia, and "Tuchyňa" in Slovakia.
Industry.
Until the mid-20th century brown coal was mined in the valley near Motnik. Tourism has only recently started to develop with the building of the Snovik Spa.

</doc>
<doc id="20527395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527395" title="Alan Bosworth">
Alan Bosworth

Alan Bosworth (born 31 December 1967 in Northampton, England), is a professional boxer, using the nickname "Bozzy". He is a light welterweight, and a former British and European title challenger at the weight.
Bosworth has fought several notable fighters throughout his career including former world champion Junior Witter, and former world title challengers Allan Vester, George Scott and Jan Piet Bergman.
Professional career.
Bosworth's professional boxing career began in October 1995, with a 2nd round knockout of Simon Hamblett. Bosworth was undefeated in his first nine fights, before suffering a 5th round knockout at the hands of Wayne Rigby in March 1997. Bosworth was also knocked out in the 8th round of his next fight against Colin Dunne.
On 24 April 1999, Bosworth was knocked out in the 6th round of a fight against Jan Piet Bergman in Germany. Bergman had previously challenged Kostya Tszyu for the IBF light welterweight title.
On 3 March 2000, Bosworth traveled to Denmark where he was defeated by Allan Vester via a unanimous decision. A month later, Bosworth returned to Denmark to lose a decision in a fight with former world title challenger George Scott. On 13 March 2001, Bosworth was knocked out in the 5th round of a fight against Eamonn Magee.
British Title.
On 23 November 2001, Bosworth defeated Daniel James via a 7th round stoppage in an eliminator for the vacant British light welterweight title. The title had been vacated by Ricky Hatton. On 16 March 2002, Bosworth was defeated by Junior Witter via a 3rd round knockout in a fight for the vacant title. Following this fight, Bosworth was defeated by Eamonn Magee in a 5th round knockout for a second time.
On 25 July 2003, Bosworth defeated Gavin Down via a 5th round knockout in an eliminator for the British light welterweight title. Bosworth did not receive a British title fight, but was given a shot at the vacant English light welterweight title. On 11 December 2003, Bosworth defeated Stephen Smith on a close points decision to win the vacant title.
European Title.
On November 12, 2004, Bosworth was defeated by Francie Barrett via a close point's decision in a challenge for the European light welterweight title. In May, 2005, Bosworth was defeated by Nigel Wright on points in the first defence of his English light welterweight title.
On 20 October 2006, Bosworth defeated Matthew Hatton via disqualification in an eliminator for the British welterweight title. Bosworth's last fight was a 7th round knockout defeat against Ashley Theophane on 20 January 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20527405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527405" title="Manfred Selchow">
Manfred Selchow

Manfred Selchow (born October 2, 1936 in Varbelow, East Pommerany, Germany) is a jazz authority and author. that fell to Poland after World War II. 
His father, a school teacher, did not return from the war. In 1945 his mother and two siblings fled from the Red Army and ended up in Berlin, where he went to school and spent his entire youth. In 1958 Selchow began studying at the University of Braunschweig, to become a teacher as well. In 1961 he began working as a teacher and retired being a principal in 1995.
Selchow is married and has four children who are also married. He has five grandchildren and as of 2008 one great grandchild.
His passion for jazz started in Berlin at the age of 12, where he and his friend often got together, to listen to the few, old 78 vinyl records they owned. It was during those years that many of the great Jazz musicians came to Berlin. Selchow would rarely miss an opportunity to see one of the greats, like Roy Eldridge, Buck Clayton, Bill Harris, Lester Young, Flip Phillips, Illinois Jacquet, Oscar Peterson, Ray Brown, Gene Krupa, Louie Bellson and others with "Jazz at the Philharmonic".
Many of the great bands came through as well: Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Woody Herman. Lionel Hampton did come several times and became a favorite of young Selchow.
In 1955 Louis Armstrong came to the "Berlin Sportpalast", bringing along one of Manfred Selchow's "heroes" — Edmond Hall. Slechow remembers: "I had heard him before on records, but seeing him there, that was something else! A love was born." Berlin saw them all, all the greats - Billie Holiday, Coleman Hawkins, Red Norvo, Benny Goodman, and many more. Selchow devotion to this music produced two outstanding biographies. One is of Edmond Hall, the other of Vic Dickenson. The Hall Biography is long sold out, Dickenson's is still available (more information below). Since 1986 Selchow has organized and accompanied 33 jazz tours in Germany and Switzerland.
Selchow had the opportunity to meet many of the great legends, like Wild Bill Davison, Yank Lawson, Ralph Sutton, Jack Lesberg, Norris Turney, Oliver Jackson, Nat Pierce, Peanuts Hucko and Bob Haggart many of who became friends of Selchow.
Selchow is also an International Member of the Association of Jazz Record Collectors. His collection contains about 3,000 LPs, 4500 CDs, hundreds of 78s and more than 7,000 tape cassettes. He also owns a collection of about 200 films of rare jazz music footage.
The British columnists and book critics John Nelson and Stanley Dance wrote two independent reviews on Selchow's book "Ding! Ding! - A Bio-Discographical Scrapbook of Vic Dickenson" which counts 947 pages with 225 photographs, other illustrations, memorabilia and the entire discography complete with dates and names, as well as his complete life-story. Both critics praised it as one of the finest and most complete of its kind.
"Profoundly Blue - a Bio-Discographical Scrapbook of Edmond Hall" is no longer available.
"Ding! Ding! - a Bio-Discographical Scrapbook of Vic Dickenson" is still available.

</doc>
<doc id="20527484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527484" title="Fjortis">
Fjortis

Fjortis (after 'fjorton', meaning fourteen years) is a derogatory Swedish term for young teens who behave in an immature, insecure or naive way, which is also used in Norway. The word can also be used for people in other age groups, the term "fjortis" should thereby not only be limited to an age, but also be seen as an atypical type of behaviour. The word is derived from the Swedish word for fourteen, "fjorton". In Finnish, a member of this group is called "pissaliisa" or "pissis" for short.
A "fjortis" immaturity guides them to take every chance to show how confident and mature they are. Concepts like being "in" or "right", to "have a life" and to be "normal" are key. Parents are considered embarrassing. Fjortis girls are deemed to wear a lot of makeup, and to use a script with many exclamation marks, smileys and expressions such as "*kisses*". 
The word "fjortis" is included in the thirteenth edition of "Svenska Akademiens Ordlista", the single-volume Swedish dictionary of the Swedish Academy from 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20527491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527491" title="Zimbabwean cholera outbreak">
Zimbabwean cholera outbreak

The Zimbabwean cholera outbreak is an ongoing cholera epidemic in Zimbabwe that began in August 2008, swept across the country and spread to Botswana, Mozambique, South Africa and Zambia.
By 10 January 2010 there had been 98,741 reported cases and 4,293 deaths making it the deadliest African cholera outbreak since 1993. The Zimbabwean government declared the outbreak a national emergency and requested international aid.
Cause.
The principal cause of the 2008 outbreak was lack of access to safe water in urban areas and communities. Zimbabwe's two main cities are located on watershed divides, so that water draining out of the city flows into the drinking water sources, all of which are physically located downstream of these return flows. This was exacerbated by the collapse of the urban water supply, sanitation and garbage collection systems, along with the onset of the rainy season leading to faeces with cholera bacteria being washed into water sources, in particular public drains, as well as providing readily available but contaminated water. Due to a shortage of purification chemicals, such as chlorine, the capital city of Harare stopped receiving piped water on 1 December 2008. By that date, many suburbs had not had any water supply for much longer. On 4 December 2008, the Zimbabwe deputy minister for water and infrastructural development stated that there were only sufficient treatment chemicals in stock nationally for 12 weeks supply. The collapse of these systems was blamed on the then-current economic crisis; many households cannot afford fuel to boil water. According to Médecins Sans Frontières, the spread of cholera from urban to rural areas from December 2008 onwards was due to infected city-dwellers visiting their families' rural homes for Christmas and the burial of infected city-dwellers in rural areas. In an investigation in mid-December 2008, Physicians For Human Rights assessed the complicated circumstances surrounding the collapse of Zimbabwe's public health system, which had once been a model for southern Africa.
The 2008 cholera epidemic in Zimbabwe had an unusually high fatality rate; Oxfam attributed the high mortality to a population "seriously weakened by hunger, HIV and AIDS". A major contributing factor to the severity of the outbreak was the collapse of Zimbabwe's public health system, declared a national emergency on 4 December 2008. By the end of November 2008, three of Zimbabwe's four major hospitals had shut down, along with the Zimbabwe Medical School, and the fourth major hospital had two wards and no operating theatres working. Zimbabwean hospitals still open by December 2008 lacked medicines and staff. Due to hyperinflation, hospitals were not able to buy basic drugs and medicines, and the resources of even internationally-funded emergency clinics were stretched. The ongoing political and economic crisis contributed to the emigration of doctors and people with medical knowledge. Some victims were travelling to Botswana and other neighbouring countries for treatment.
Impact.
The 2008 outbreak began in Chitungwiza on 27 August, with the first case in Harare reported four days later. The next district to report cholera was Kariba on 21 September 2008, with Makonde following on 3 October 2008. The disease spread to reach all of Zimbabwe's ten provinces. The attack rate was highest in Beitbridge, Chegutu, Mudzi and Zvimba Districts (above 1,000 cases per 100,000 people or 1.0%).
The number of cases reported by the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs escalated from 30 on 1 September 2008 to 15,572 by 10 December. It was argued by some agencies that the reported number of cases probably underestimated the extent of the outbreak, since many people were unlikely to have reached the clinics or treatment where the numbers were recorded. According to the Red Cross, around 46% of reported deaths occur en route to clinics and hospitals. The head of the British Department for International Development in Harare said that "there are probably twice as many people with cholera as turn up for treatment".
The case fatality rate for the outbreak was higher than expected for such outbreaks, although it began declining by January 2009. Official estimates of fatalities have run from 484 to 800, since the outbreak in August 2008, with an upper estimate of 3,000 from an anonymous senior official in the Ministry of Health and Child Welfare. Fatality rates varied from 2.5% in Harare to 18% in Chitungwiza. In Harare, the crisis reached the extent that the city council offered free graves to cholera victims. By 7 December, Oxfam estimated 60,000 cases by the end of January 2009 and a 10% fatality rate, with UNICEF giving a similar estimate. On 4 December 2008, the Zimbabwe government declared the outbreak to be a national emergency.
Response.
Assistance after the 2008 outbreak was made available by numerous international agencies, and funding for water, sanitation and hygiene programmes, epidemic response and the provision of essential drugs came from several governments and trans-governmental organisations:
By 7 December 2008, UNICEF had secured international donor funding to provide sufficient water treatment chemicals for three weeks water supply for Harare and had arranged a shipment of chemical sufficient for four months supply. UNICEF distributed 360,000 litres of water per day in Harare, as well as handing out soap and buckets. Notwithstanding the contributions received, UNICEF indicated on 9 December 2008 that US$17,500,000 was needed to respond properly to the outbreak. As of 15 December, following agreement with the Zimbabwe government, the World Health Organization was procuring medical supplies to roll out a response plan to run health centres.
Spread.
The 2008 cholera outbreak spread to districts in Botswana, Mozambique, South Africa and Zambia bordering Zimbabwe.
South Africa.
Cholera spread to the Zimbabwean migrant worker community in Limpopo and Mpumalanga provinces of South Africa and cholera bacteria were detected in the Limpopo River on 3 December 2008. By 12 December 2008, 11 deaths and 859 infections had been recorded in South Africa, rising to 2,100 cases and 15 deaths by 14 January 2009, and to 12,000 cases and 59 deaths by 10 March.
The South African government set up medical facilities and drinking water supplies at the Beitbridge border post and deployed the National Outbreak Response Team and additional medical personnel to Musina. Anthony Turton, a political scientist and Unit Fellow with the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) in South Africa, who had earlier warned of the risk of cholera in South Africa and wrote a report that recommended that the South African government increase its spending on water treatments lest a cholera outbreak occur in the country, was suspended for having made "inappropriate statements to the media". On 10 December 2008, the Limpopo Provincial Government declared Vhembe District Municipality, which borders Zimbabwe at Beitbridge, Matabeleland South province, a disaster area. On a 28 January 2009 visit to Musina with high-ranking government and ruling party officials, Health Minister Barbara Hogan said
Other countries.
The spread of cholera to Zimbabwe's other neighbouring countries was initially slower than in South Africa, with one death recorded in Kafue District in Zambia and none in Botswana or Namibia by 9 December 2008. In 2009, cases increased, with 4,354 cases and 55 deaths reported by 10 February 2009 in Zambia and 1,596 cases and 14 deaths in Katanga, the southernmost province of the DR Congo. In Mozambique, cholera spread to 10 out of 11 provinces, with a total of 9,533 cases by 1 Jan to 1 Mar 2009 and 119 deaths by 17 March. Four health workers also died in a mob attack, blamed on "misinformation and misunderstanding in efforts to combat cholera", and 12 of the prisoners from the incident died in jail. In Malawi 104 deaths were recorded since January, making it the worst outbreak since 2001–02 where 960 people died. Kenya, Somalia, Tanzania, DRC, and Ghana have had unrelated cholera outbreaks with between 10–100 deaths in 2009 as of February.
Prevention.
After the 2008 epidemic was declared a national emergency, the Ministry of Health and Child Welfare (MOHCW) collaborated with several other departments, governments, and non-governmental organizations to create a Cholera Command and Control Centre. This Centre works to prevent cholera outbreaks in Zimbabwe by addressing broader societal factors that could contribute to cholera outbreaks, such as water sanitation and poor hygiene habits.
Politicisation.
Because of its well-organised health care system and effective water sanitation facilities, Rita R. Colwell of the James Baker Institute says Zimbabwe was historically one of the African countries least affected by cholera. A news commentary in "The Lancet" said that, under President Robert Mugabe, the country's health programs were negatively impacted, resulting in diminished health care for those infected with cholera. According to a draft paper from the WHO's World Conference on Social Determinants in Health, there were fewer health workers in the villages than in urban areas, which hindered early detection and isolation of cholera cases.
A news commentator writing for "The Lancet", Andrew Meldrum, said that President Mugabe’s Youth Militia threatened health professionals that provided medical treatment to political opponents. He said that, combined with decreasing education standards, low pay, and a shortage of medical supplies like latex gloves, this led doctors to leave Zimbabwe at an alarming rate. According to Douglas Gwatidzo, the chairman of the Zimbabwe Doctors for Human Rights group, Zimbabwe had only one doctor assigned to a group of 12,000 citizens. Doctors in Zimbabwe fill only 25% of the medical posts available, and even fewer specialist positions are taken. According to Meldrum, this poses serious challenges to health care for diseases like HIV/AIDS and cholera. Similarly, the effects of cholera are exacerbated without proper nutrition, and Zimbabwe has faced food shortages for the last several years.
Cholera and malnutrition keep children out of school – a serious social consequence of the outbreak. Rachel Pound, the director of Save the Children in Zimbabwe, said that attending school may be dangerous in Zimbabwe, instead of providing a ladder for self-improvement. She noted that "Sanitation is now so bad in schools that they may become a breeding ground for infection", rather than a place of valuable education.
According to Meldrum, Zimbabwe's high inflation left the country with a lack of financial resources, resulting in a shortage of ambulances and pharmaceutical drugs. According to Eric Pruyt of the Delft University of Technology in The Netherlands, this was exacerbated by a shortage of international aid, as Zimbabwe's government didn't acknowledge the epidemic and accept aid until the disease was widespread. It was not contained or prevented from spreading. Until 2008, the government insisted that there was no cholera in Zimbabwe, and Pruyt says the U.N. did not provide the country with safe drinking water until after the crisis started. Meldrum says that, during Zimbabwe's continuing HIV/AIDS dilemma, some major international donors did not give much money because they believed it would help President Mugabe stay in power, which they did not want.
As the outbreak and health crisis grew worse, American and British leaders cited the crisis as further proof that it was, in their view, "well past time for (President) Robert Mugabe to leave" and that Zimbabwe had become a failed state. Marian Tupy of the Cato Institute said that the crisis began in 2005 when the government took over water treatment facilities but without sufficient funding to maintain purification processes. The transfer of water treatment from local government to the Zimbabwe National Water Authority was criticized by Innocent Nhapi of the National University of Rwanda on the basis of capacity and funding of the authority. The lack of funding for water treatment chemicals, maintenance and staff salaries was cited by Colwell of the Baker Institute as a major cause of the epidemic. According to Colwell, before funds were diverted from the plants to other uses, there were only sixty-five cases and four deaths from cholera in Zimbabwe.
According to an editorial by Daniel J Ncayiyana in the "South African Medical Journal", President Mugabe blamed the U.S. and the U.K. for the cholera outbreak, saying that they sent the disease so that they have a reason to credibly remove him from the presidency. One Zimbabwean citizen was shown with a sign that blamed UK Prime Minister Gordan Brown for the disease; the sign expressed the horrors of "Brown’s cholera".
According to a news report in "Al Jazeera", the Zimbabwe government and state media blamed the outbreak on European and American sanctions and a Reuters report said it accused Britain of plotting an invasion under the cover of the outbreak. Information minister Sikhanyiso Ndlovu blamed the cholera deaths on Western sanctions, saying "the cholera issue has been used to drive a wedge among us". On 12 December, Ndlovu repeated his accusation, and claimed that the cholera outbreak was actually a "serious biological-chemical weapon" attack by the United Kingdom, which Ndlovu asserted was trying to commit genocide. Said Ndlovu:
In the meantime, a senior ZANU-PF official argued that the government and party leadership was more focussed on the forthcoming ZANU-PF conference than on the current crisis. On 11 December 2008, President Robert Mugabe made a speech screened on national television in which he said:
Reports from the WHO contradicted Mugabe's view and indicated a growing death toll. According to the WHO, as of 8 December nearly 800 people had died of cholera and more than 16,000 cases were being treated. Later that same day, Zimbabwean visas were denied to six French aid workers, including three crisis management specialists, two epidemiologists and a water treatment expert. Britain's Africa minister, Mark Malloch-Brown, dismissed Mugabe's claim that the Zimbabwe cholera crisis is over, commenting as follows:
The French foreign ministry and USAID also contradicted Mugabe's statements and called on him to allow aid to reach the people in need.

</doc>
<doc id="20527494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527494" title="Habib Sy">
Habib Sy

Habib Sy is a Senegalese politician, currently serving as Director of the Cabinet of the President of Senegal. He has been a member of the government of Senegal since 2002.
In the mid-1990s, Sy was Director of the Cabinet of Minister of State Abdoulaye Wade during Wade's participation in the government. He then became an adviser at the Ministry of Trade and the Craft Industry in October 1998, a technical adviser at the Ministry of Trade in April 2000, and the General Administrator of "Fondation Trade Point Sénégal" in August 2000.
Entering the Senegalese government as Minister of Agriculture and Animal Husbandry on 6 November 2002, Sy's portfolio was modified in August 2003, when he was appointed as Minister of Agriculture and Hydraulics; he was then appointed as Minister of Agriculture, Animal Husbandry and Hydraulics in April 2004. Later in the year, he was promoted to the position of Minister of State for Agriculture and Hydraulics in November 2004, and he was moved to the position of Minister of State for Infrastructure, Equipment, Land Transport and Internal Maritime Transport in February 2006.
In the 3 June 2007 parliamentary election, Sy was elected to the National Assembly on a departmental list of the Sopi Coalition. In the government appointed after the election, on 19 June, Sy was retained in the government as Minister of State for Infrastructure, Urban Hydraulics and Sanitation. His portfolio was slightly reduced on 5 July 2007, when he was appointed as Minister of State for Infrastructure and Sanitation.
Sy subsequently served as Minister of the Civil Service before being appointed as Director of the Cabinet of the President of the Republic on 10 September 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20527513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527513" title="Anna Izzo">
Anna Izzo

Anna Izzo is an Italian painter, sculptor and designer which work has been exhibited internationally in New York, Amsterdam, London, Moscow, Lugano, Rome, Milan, Naples, Capri and Bari. The recurrent topic of her works is woman with all her feminine elements, objects, and vanity: shoes, legs, bags, and dresses become sculptures in bronze, iron, and resin, or paintings and furnishings.

</doc>
<doc id="20527546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527546" title="Emmanuelle Alt">
Emmanuelle Alt

Emmanuelle Alt (born May 18, 1967 in Paris, France) is the editor-in-chief of "Vogue Paris" since February 2011, succeeding Carine Roitfeld. Alt had been fashion director of the magazine from 2000, when Roitfeld assumed the chief editor’s position and hired Alt directly from "Mixte" magazine.
Alt, who studied at the Assomption-Lübeck school (Institut de l'Assomption) in Paris, has a makeup free youthful appearance and often wears jeans while eschewing dresses and skirts. She is often found dressed in her signature blazers or jackets, paired with skinny jeans and towering heels.
About her intentions for the future content of French "Vogue", she has stated: “I don’t think there should be radical changes”. And she intends to remain with the magazine’s past stable of photographers, such as David Sims, Mert and Marcus, Mario Testino, and Bruce Weber. In July 2013 she declared to Huffingtonpost that "London and Paris are worlds apart".
During Roitfeld’s tenure the publication’s 2010 circulation rose from 100,000 to 140,000, during the global financial crisis. The increase was probably encouraged by the magazine's content — much of it styled by Alt as well as Roitfeld — in a provocative manner that included a great deal of nudity and sadomasochistic appurtenances.
Alt's first issue at the helm was April 2011.
Prior to "Mixte", she held positions at French "ELLE" (starting in 1984, she was only 17 years old) and then at "20 Ans" where she became the editor-in-chief in 1993. Her annual salary at French "Vogue" is about $300,000 compared to the yearly $2-million (in 2005) of her counterpart, American "Vogue" editor-in-chief Anna Wintour. However, the circulation of the American edition at 1 million-plus dwarfs that of the French edition of the publication.
Alt has two children, Antonin and Françoise, who were 13 and 6 years old when Alt assumed her new position. Her husband, also in the fashion business, is Franck Durand, the artistic director of Isabel Marant. Her mother, Françoise, was a Lanvin and Nina Ricci model in the 1960s and '70s.

</doc>
<doc id="20527561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527561" title="2005 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol Serie A">
2005 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol Serie A

The 2005 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol de la Serie A 2005, known as 2005 Copa Pílsener Serie A for sponsorship reasons, was the 48th season of the Serie A, the top level of professional football in Ecuador. The season was divided into two tournaments, called the Apertura and Clausura, with the winner of each earning separate national titles. To date, it marks the only time in Serie A history that two titles were awarded in one year.
Campeonato Apertura.
The Apertura tournament was set into two stages. The First Stage was a double round-robin tournament where each team plays the other nine teams twice, once at home and once away. The top eight teams advanced to a two-leg single elimination knockout stage. The last team in the First Stage was relegated to Serie B. The winner of the knockout stage is the Apertura champion, and qualifies as the "Ecuador 1" berth in the 2006 Copa Libertadores.
Playoff stage.
"(*) Barcelona and D. Cuenca advance because of better First Stage records."
Campeonato Clausura.
The Clausura tournament was set into two stages. The First Stage was a double round-robin tournament where each team played the other nine teams twice, once at home and once away. The top six teams in the First Stage advanced to the Liguilla Final, with the top three earning bonus points (3, 2, and 1 point respectively). The last team in the First Stage was relegated to Serie B. The winner of the Liguilla Final was the Clausura champion. The champion and runner-up qualified as the "Ecuador 2" and "Ecuador 3" berth in the 2006 Copa Libertadores. ESPOLI was promoted to Serie A at the end of Serie B's 2005 Apertura tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20527582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527582" title="BPP Holdings">
BPP Holdings

BPP Holdings Limited is a holding company of the United Kingdom-based provider of professional and academic education. It has been a subsidiary of the American for-profit higher education company Apollo Global since July 2009, having formerly been listed on the London Stock Exchange and a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
History.
The company was founded by Alan Brierley, Richard Price and Charles Prior in 1976 as Brierley Price Prior to provide training to accountancy students. It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1987. Also in 1987 the company acquired Mander Portman Woodward, a provider of Fifth and Sixth Form teaching. Then in 1992 the company established BPP Law School which in 2005 became a founding School of BPP College of Professional Studies, which provides legal as well as business management training. In 2007 the Privy Council awarded BPP College powers to award degrees. The company was acquired by Apollo Global for £368 million in July 2009. In July 2010 BPP College was awarded University College status. In August 2013, BPP University College was granted full university status and now is known as BPP University. 
Mander Portman Woodward was sold in July 2012.
Operations.
The Company is organised as follows:
International operations.
BPP has many centers of professional education throughout Europe, in Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Hungary, Malta, Poland, Romania, Slovenia and Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="20527620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527620" title="Good Mornin'">
Good Mornin'

"Good Mornin'" is the third single from the album Hourly, Daily by Australian rock band You Am I. It was released in 1996 and reached number 84 in the 1996 Triple J Hottest 100 and number 44 on the Australian charts.
Tim Rogers said the song was of two songs that, "Russ hadn't actually heard before we recorded them. I was talking him through it as we were recording and I think he only played it twice and that's the final take."
Track listing.
"I'll Make You Happy" is a cover of the Easybeats song.
"(You Must Fight To Live) On The Planet of The Apes" is a cover of The Mummies song and features Rusty Hopkinson on lead vocals.
Cassingle Track listing.
"Soldiers", "Mr. Milk" and "Cathy's Clown" were recorded at Peter Gaudion's Jazz Lane on Thursday 13 June 1996 and were first broadcast on Triple R's live music feature 'Caught In The Act' on 2 July 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20527622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527622" title="Gelsen Gas">
Gelsen Gas

Angel Sanchez Gas also known as Gelsen Gas (born 1933) is a theater director, film director, film producer, actor, painter, poet, sculptor and inventor, based in Mexico City, Mexico. He is most commonly known for his paintings and geometrically constructed artworks. Among his most famous works are the film 'Anticlimax' (1969) featuring Alejandro Jodorowsky, his homage to the Belgian surrealist artist René François Ghislain Magritte 'Homenaje a Magritte' (1969) and his self-portrait 'Autogelsen' (1971).
Gas was born in Mexico City, Mexico in 1933. His parents were Ángel Sánchez Bellido and Leonor Gas Murillo.
The painting Homenaje a Magritte and a collection of Gelsen Gas sculptures are part of a permanent collection of the Museo de Arte Moderno (the Museum of Modern Art in Mexico City) which also includes the work of the artists Frida Kahlo, Olga Costa, Diego Rivera and David Alfaro Siqueiros.
He also wrote and directed the film Anticlimax (1969) which became his only movie career and a cult classic throughout the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20527635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527635" title="Electoral district of Burnie">
Electoral district of Burnie

The Electoral district of Burnie was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Burnie on Tasmania's northern coast.
The seat was created in a redistribution ahead of the 1903 state election from parts of Waratah and West Devon, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909. It had a single member during its existence, Herbert Payne.

</doc>
<doc id="20527645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527645" title="Electoral district of Monmouth">
Electoral district of Monmouth

The Electoral district of Monmouth was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in the rural hinterland to the north of the state capital, Hobart.
The seat was created in a redistribution ahead of the 1903 state election out of the former seats of Brighton and Richmond, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909. It had a single member during its existence, Thomas Hodgman.

</doc>
<doc id="20527651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527651" title="Potoka">
Potoka

Potoka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20527663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527663" title="Jim Forsyth">
Jim Forsyth

James "Jim" Forsyth (born 23 July 1944) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He also played with West Torrens in the South Australian National Football League.
Forsyth began his career at Essendon, where he arrived to from Thorpdale. A ruckman, he struggled to get regular games with the strong Essendon side of the 1960s but did take part in their 1966 finals campaign. He went to West Torrens in 1968 and the same year represented South Australia in an interstate match against Western Australia. Forsyth was also a member of the South Australian interstate squad for the 1969 Adelaide Carnival, although he didn't get a game.

</doc>
<doc id="20527681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527681" title="BPP Law School">
BPP Law School

BPP Law School is a United Kingdom-based provider of professional and academic legal education and is one of the largest in the country (approximately one third of all entrants to the English legal profession are educated by BPP Law School), with 8 branches in Birmingham, Bristol, Cambridge, Leeds, Liverpool, London (Holborn and Waterloo) and Manchester. The school is owned by BPP Holdings, a division of the Apollo Group.
Accreditation history.
In 1992 BPP Law School was established to offer students wanting to qualify as Solicitors or Barristers in England and Wales.BPP Law School's Legal Practice Course was the first London course to be rated as "Excellent" by the Law Society. In 2005 BPP Law School became founding School of BPP College, now known as BPP University, with the establishment of BPP Business School. BPP Law School through BPP University has degree awarding power\, awarded by the Privy Council in 2007. BPP Law School was set up by Mike Semple Piggot, then run by Carl Lygo and Peter Crisp.
BPP Law School has strong ties to a wide consortium of "Magic Circle" and "Silver Circle" law firms to educate their future trainees. There are over 30 of the leading law firms in the United Kingdom send their trainees to BPP Law School for their legal education. BPP Law School is a vocational provider of the Legal Practice Course (LPC) for future Solicitors - from September 2013 in addition to the standard LPC, BPP Law School students can study Master of Arts (LPC with Business) degree making it the only LPC that integrates business into the programme, giving students a Master's degree in both law and business. BPP Law School also offers the Bar Professional Training Course (BPTC) (formerly known as the Bar Vocational Course, or the BVC) for future Barristers. It also awards Graduate Diploma in Law (GDL) (for those coming directly from a non-LL.B. qualification), Graduate LL.B. (GDL Conversion) and Master of Laws (LL.M.) degrees. In 2009 BPP Law School provided its first programmes in Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.) degrees, whose students qualify for loans by way of the student loans company.
BPP Pro Bono Centre is a crucial component of BPP Law School and the Centre operates a wide variety of pro bono projects, delivered by BPP Law School students with guidance from qualified lawyers, around the United Kingdom.
BPP Pro Bono Centre is an award-winning Centre and its projects have also won several awards.
Academic programmes.
Pathway programmes.
Pathway programmes are non-degree programmes.

</doc>
<doc id="20527713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527713" title="Kerala Institute of Local Administration (KILA)">
Kerala Institute of Local Administration (KILA)

Kerala Institute of Local Administration (KILA) is an autonomous training, research and consultancy organisation constituted under the Ministry of Local Self Government, Government of Kerala, registered as per Travancore – Cochin Literacy, Scientific and Charitable Societies Act-1995. KILA was established in 1990, in the pattern of a national institute, with the main objective of strengthening decentralization and local governance. 
Objectives.
The exact objectives, included in the Memorandum of Association and Rules of the Institute issued as a Government Order (MS) No 139/90/LAD dated 13 September 1990, are as follows:-
Physical facilities.
KILA, situated in an 8 hectare green campus, has excellent physical facilities needed for a well-equipped training institution. Two fully furnished guest houses which can accommodate 200 participants at a time, an auditorium with 500 seating capacity, an International Seminar Hall for 100 persons, a Conference room for 30 participants, 5 training halls altogether accommodates around 200 participants, one computer center with 20 computers provided with broadband internet connection etc. are some among them. Two dining halls that can accommodate 200 persons at a time are there on the campus to feed the participants.All training halls are provided with computers and LCD projectors to aid the training.
KILA office has a good local area network for its administration, internet connection, printers and all accessories essential fore a training institute.
Organisational Pattern.
KILA was established in the pattern of a national institute with the main objective of training, research and consultancy in decentralised governance and administration. With a view to develop it as an institution of excellence, KILA was registered as an autonomous institution under the Travancore-Cochin Literary, Scientific and Charitable Societies Act 1955. KILA is the only Institution in India that functions with the sole mandate of promoting decentralised governance both in urban and rural areas. As a result of this, efforts are on to establish KILA as an international training centre on local governance and declare KILA as the SAARC centre of excellence in local governance.
Overview of activities.
KILA has been engaged in the capacity building activities for local governments in Kerala since its establishment in 1990. Institute is supported by the Government of Kerala, as its nodal institution for training, research and consultancy for the Local Self-Government Institutions. The Institute engages in different capacity building activities of the local governments, both rural and urban.Training continues to be the dominant activity of KILA, with an out turn of around one lakh trained manpower in Kerala. The institute conducted a few research studies and brought out as reports and working papers.
Majority of the training programmes are of short duration ranging from one day to five days at a stretch. But some training programmes stretch for a month. A Certificate Course on Panchayati Raj was a one month long programme for elected representatives.
Training programmes.
The training programmes offered by KILA are:
The theme, objectives, category of participants and such other details on the training programmes are available from the training calendar. The chart on the right side of this page shows the gradual growth of training programmes conducted in the institute.
Publications.
The Institute disseminates the insights of research and recommendations of its various training programmes and workshops through a number of publications. In order to meet the training needs of the participants from other Indian states and neighbouring countries KILA has translated several documents in English and other Indian languages like Hindi, Tamil, Bengali and Kannada.
A list of publications is available at the publication page of KILA website
Library & Information Services.
KILA Library & Information Division is the centre for collection, organization and dissemination of information, data and knowledge on decentralisation and local governance. It aims to provide right information, to the right users, at the right time, through an array of direct or indirect information services.
The precise objective of the library is to acquire all relevant data, information and documents pertaining to the academic activities of the Institute.
KILA Library holds books, reports, journals and other documents in print or digital form. It creates and distributes a few cd-rom publications and offer phone-in-service on local governance. The division is engaged in promoting digital archiving technologies in sectors closely related to local governance and has evolved a methodology and manual for digital archiving with free software Winisis, Genisis & Greenstone. 
The Library & Information Division brought out many documents and manuals for promoting the use of information technologies to support and to bring about local governance in Kerala, as part of its library extension services.
CD-ROM Publications.
KILA has been focusing on creating/collecting, digital documents, organising them as searchable archives and distributing them as digital collections / CD-ROM libraries in subject areas closely related to decentralisation, aimed at 'information empowerment' of the constituency of people consisting of thinkers, advocates, activists and practitioners of decentralisation.
The two cd-rom publications prominent among them are:-
More than two dozen CD-ROM libraries containing around 5000 digital documents are distributed as part of the library services on no-profit basis. Most prominent among them is Community Development Library containing 1785 documents of around 1.6 lakh pages.
Maual on Digital Document Archiivng is a publication of KILA intended to promote the concept of digital document archiving using free software tools promoted by Unesco.
International Collaboration.
KILA actively collaborates with many national and international agencies like Swiss Agency for Development and Co-operation (SDC), United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), UN-HABITAT, and Housing and Urban Development Corporation (HUDCO) with a motive of deepening local governance. KILA collaborates with the Sri Lanka Institute of Local Governance and All India Institute of Local Self Governments, Mumbai to conduct international course in decentralised governance and poverty alleviation.

</doc>
<doc id="20527745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527745" title="The Society of Elite Laparoscopic Surgeons">
The Society of Elite Laparoscopic Surgeons

The Society of Elite Laparoscopic Surgeons is a non-profit organization based in Chandler, AZ, existing for the purpose of promoting access to minimally invasive surgery in the United States, and to lobby and promote the transition of the US medical system to adopt minimally invasive hysterectomy as standard of care. The organization is made up of member gynecologic surgeons, and holds annual meetings in various locales. The group received attention in December 2008, when members Richard Demir MD and Greg Marchand MD received a Guinness World Record for their successful removal of a 3200 gram uterus without resorting to laparotomy (cutting the patient open).

</doc>
<doc id="20527767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527767" title="Kombat Armouring">
Kombat Armouring

Kombat Armouring is a Russian armoured vehicle and car manufacturer. It was founded in 1985 by Mikhail Gorbachev. The first prototype was called the Laura. The company's slogan is "Protection without Compromise".
History.
The Laura was followed by the Ohta minivan in 1987. In 1990, Kombat Armouring acquired a military factory in St. Petersburg, where it still produces vehicles today. From 1993 onwards, Kombat Armouring has been producing armoured vehicles for local courier services. From 1995–1998 they produced the Laura 3 which was based on the Pontiac Fiero.

</doc>
<doc id="20527788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527788" title="Daregal">
Daregal

DARÉGAL is a French company producing culinary herbs. In 1887 Amand Darbonne founded the bases for DARÉGAL in Milly-la-Forêt, the birthplace of aromatic and medicinal plants. This forerunner capitalized on the region’s know-how, setting out to cultivate medicinal plants.

</doc>
<doc id="20527830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527830" title="RAF Stradishall">
RAF Stradishall

Royal Air Force Station Stradishall or more simply RAF Stradishall is a former Royal Air Force station located north east of Haverhill, Suffolk and south east of Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, England.
History.
The airfield was home to a number of squadrons during its lifetime:
Current use.
The airfield closed in 1970 and is now the site of two category C prisons: HMP Highpoint North and HMP Highpoint South. Part of the former airfield remains a Ministry of Defence training site which is not accessible to the public. 
The airfield has been sold to a private buyer to be converted into farm land and is out of bounds to the public.
There is a memorial to RAF Stradishall outside Stirling House which was once part of the officers quarters and is now a training unit for the Prison service.

</doc>
<doc id="20527839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527839" title="Dirca palustris">
Dirca palustris

Dirca palustris, or eastern leatherwood, is a shrub that grows to a maximum height of about three meters. It is native to the eastern half of North America but uncommon, found in rich woods, and is occasionally cultivated. The species name, "palustris", means "of the swamps". It is often hard to recognize because the flowers, which come out just before leafing, last a very short time and "D. palustris" may be mixed in with the much more frequent Spicebush, which also has small yellow flowers that appear before the leaves and do so at just about the same time in the early spring. Its closest relative, the western leatherwood, lives across the continent in the San Francisco Bay Area.

</doc>
<doc id="20527867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527867" title="Christopher Prince">
Christopher Prince

Christopher Prince (1731 – December 25, 1799) was a merchant, farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Granville township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1772 to 1780.
He was born in Kingston, Massachusetts, the son of Job Prince and Abigail Kimball. In 1756, he married Mary Foster. Prince came to Nova Scotia in 1760, settling in Digby. He served as justice of the peace, colonel in the militia and commissioner of roads for Annapolis County. Prince married Ann Payson after the death of his first wife. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in a 1772 by-election. Prince moved to Wilmot around 1792.

</doc>
<doc id="20527877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527877" title="Špitalič, Kamnik">
Špitalič, Kamnik

Špitalič () is a village in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Jastroblje, Nova Reber (in older sources also "Novo Rebro", ), Dolina, Bukovšek, Zobava, Kisovšek, Podlipovec, Strmšek, Pustotnik, and Petrživec.
History.
Next to the church can be seen the ruins of what was the Špitalič (Germ. "Neuthal") Mansion, burned by the Partisans in January 1945. The structure was originally a hospice offering shelter to the many travelers passing through the valley, built by Heinrich von Andechs, Margrave of Istria in 1228, passing to the Viktring Abbey circa 1251. It was sold and converted into a mansion in 1608 and subsequently rebuilt a number of times before its destruction. The name of the village derives from German "Spital" 'hospice'.
Church.
The church in the village is dedicated to Saint Anthony the Hermit and was originally built in the 13th century, but renovated in the 19th century in a Baroque style.

</doc>
<doc id="20527883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527883" title="Long March (Little)">
Long March (Little)

The Little Long March was a , two-month withdrawal by Left-Guomindang forces up the Ganjiang River and down to the coast, subsequent to the successful mutiny and insurrection at Nanchang on August 1, 1927.
Withdrawal of liberated troops.
Facing a counter-attack from Right-Guomindang (Jiang Kaishek-affiliated Nationalist) regiments moving up from Jiujiang, the Revolutionary Committee—basically Zhou Enlai, Li Lisan and their ComIntern military advisor Kunanin—decided to evacuate the city and make for the southern port of Shantou, Guangdong, in the hope of receiving a Soviet arms shipment. Once supplied they would attempt a return to the provincial capital Guangzhou and thence a new and proper dissemination of Left-Guomindang/Communist influence throughout the province from which most of the insurrection's soldiery had come. He Long strongly opposed this idea: he pointed out that marching such a great distance and over such terrain in the heat of summer would put a severe strain on the troops. He also pointed out that the popular support for the communists in Guangdong was merely a fraction of what they enjoyed among the peasantry in Hunan, the province where he had thrived by brigandage since 1913. Resupply and local enlistment were assured. Why should the new base not be established somewhere in its vast border regions?
He Long's suggestion was vetoed—Guangzhou, springboard of the Northern Expedition, was the target set by the ComIntern. Accordingly on August 5 the 25,000 Left-Guomindang troops began the 600 km march to the South China Seacoast. The Communists would pay a hefty price for their obeisance two months later in the rout known as the Battle of Shantou.
By the 8th, only three days out, a third of the Uprising troops had deserted. On the 19th, the column entered Ruijin. Reconnaissance had found Right-Guomindang forces at Huichang, the next county town to the south. On the following morning the Battle of Huichang pitted brother officers, graduates of the Huangpu (Whampoa) Military Academy, against one another in close combat. Ye Ting's 11th Army arrived late and He Long's 20th bore the brunt. The Nanchang Mutineers took nearly a thousand casualties, half of them dead. The Right-Guomindang evacuated the town under cover of night. The Left would not pursue them; their route lay east, over the divide into Fujian.
In the aftermath of battle, He Long swore allegiance to the Communist Party of China, witnessed by Zhou Enlai, Li Lisan and Zhang Guotao. At the other end of Asia, "Pravda" hailed the advent of a new, partisan, Workers' and Peasants' Red Army. For Joseph Stalin this was ample proof that the ComIntern's line was being correct, and Leon Trotsky thus incorrect to be questioning it.
Down the Tingjiang to Doom.
Having rested at the headwaters of the Ganjiang, the Liberated troops filed over into Changting Prefecture. The best combat troops formed the vanguard, they were soon 20 miles and two days' march ahead of the rear. Most of the leaders of the revolutionary committee and Nanchang civilian sympathisers were in the main section. The rearguard, 200 troops under Li Lisan, had the wounded and the baggage and veteran peasant activist Peng Pai; it is said that 1000 women of the area, some widowed, perhaps by war, joined them as carriers.
At the prefectural centre in early September, Li commandeered 100 boats each with her crew of four to take the wounded and weak down the Tingjiang river to Shanghang county; not letting the crews sort themselves out resulted in costly accidents. The Chaozhou-Shantou (潮汕) area, their destination, and the hope of Muscovite reinforcement, lay much further downstream.
In the meantime, other Left-KMT troops had convened at Wenjiashi (文家市), on Jiangxi's western border) ostensibly for a similar uprising ("Autumn Harvest"), this to seize Changsha for the Hankow government. The troops instead found themselves commandeered by Mao Zedong and marched south up into the Jinggang mountains.
And so it was that by the end of September, with their Nanchang troops poised above Shantou, the Communists knew that their uprisings had yet to take and keep one city from the Rightists. The Jiang-affiliated KMT or warlord forces were even now moving in to trap the Left Mutineers with the sea at their backs. The Com-Intern's Hong Kong station sent word that they should avoid further battles, forgo Shantou port (where in any event Soviet arms would not be forthcoming) and take cover like the Wenjiashi troops, and furthermore establish a rural soviet in Peng's hometown. There was now, however, no avoiding the Rightist hammer: Ye and He lost two-fifths of their troop strength in battle at Fengshun County-town. In belated accordance with the Com-Intern directive, Ye circled down to Shanwei, lending peasant leader Peng a triumphant return to his home town Haifeng.
Refugee force.
Zhu, who in the battle had minded the northern front, marched his 1,000 troops back up into Jiangxi and over its western ridges into Hunan. Zhu finally found refuge for his mutineers' regiment with the Yizhang County warlord - though he and fellow communist Chen Yi thought it best to live incognito while here.
In 1928 April Zhu's force had expanded to 10,000 and he marched them into the Jinggang (井冈) stretch of the borderlands, there to join the survivors of Mao's uprising.
Down but not out in Hong Kong.
Other surviving members were much less fortunate; all became fugitives. Zhou Enlai, now seriously ill, unarmed save for a pistol or two and incommunicado save for the company of Ye Jianying (and some say Ye Ting too) made it to Hong Kong, the largest and safest of China's foreign concessions. Nie Rongzhen too arrived there.
Zhang Guotao and Li Lisan holed up in the small fishing port of Tiazugang but soon also arrived in Hong Kong. They were made to write reports on the Nanchang Uprising--in Li's case this was preparatory to his taking the blame for the entire episode. Disguised as businessmen, they took a passenger liner to Shanghai, there to be held in a safe house on Chungking (Chongqing) Road. Eventually they, along with Zhou, were expelled from the Politburo.
Elsewhere.
He Long ent home alone after the defeat. Reduced from an army commander in charge of tens of thousands of men to a beggar, he was not well received by his family except a few who were already communists. He was to raise another 3000 soldier-strong force in his homeland but it too would be wiped out by the Right-KMT (with just over 30 survivors). Only a year later would He Long again command a formidable force.
Other fugitives of the rout at Fengshun included Liu Bocheng, who hooked up with communist sympathisers and was eventually sent to Moscow for military training. Lin Biao, incommunicado for a time, returned to the surviving uprising force in flight from hostile locals. Guo Moruo sailed to Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20527929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527929" title="Graduated response">
Graduated response

Graduated response (also known as three strikes) is a protocol or law, adopted in several countries, aimed at reducing unlawful file sharing.
In response to online copyright infringement, the creative industries reliant on copyright advocate a "graduated response" that sees consumers sent a series of notifications, warning them they are alleged to have infringed copyright, plus additional information on how to secure their Internet connection and details of legal alternatives. Repeat-infringers risk intermediate technical measures such as bandwidth reduction, protocol blocking and, in a worst-case scenario, temporary account suspension. The content industry has thought to gain the co-operation of internet service providers (ISPs), asking them to provide subscriber information for IP addresses identified by third-parties as engaged in copyright infringement.
Early developments.
The content industry's proposal for internet service providers to throttle, temporarily suspend, or disconnect Internet access to a subscriber who had received three warning letters of alleged copyright infringement was initially known as "three strikes", based on the baseball rule of "three strikes and you're out". Because "three strikes" was understood to refer to physical assault, the approach was later termed "graduated response". Media attention has focused on attempts to implement such an approach in France and the UK, though the initiative, or variations of it, has been implemented in a number of other countries, or attempts are made to do so.
In a number of European countries early attempts to implement a graduated response have led to court cases to establish under which circumstances an ISP may provide subscriber data to the content industry. In order to pursue those that download copyrighted material the individual committing the infringing must be identified. Internet users are often only identifiable by their Internet Protocol address (IP address), which distinguishes the virtual location of a particular computer. Many ISPs allocate a pool of IP addresses as needed, rather than assigning each computer a never-changing static IP address. Using ISP subscriber information the content industry has thought to remedy copyright infringement, assuming that the ISPs are legally responsible for end user activity, and that the end user is responsible for all illegal activity connected to his or hers IP address.
In 2005 a Dutch court ordered ISPs in the Netherlands to not divulge subscriber information because of the way the Dutch content industry group had collected the IP addresses (Foundation v. UPC Netherlands). According to Dutch law ISPs can only be ordered to provide personal subscriber data if it is plausible that an unlawful act occurred, and if it is shown beyond a reasonable doubt that the subscriber information will identify the person who committed the infringing act. In Germany court specifically considered the right to privacy and in March 2008 the German Federal Constitutional Court ruled that ISPs could only give out IP address subscription information in case of a "serious criminal investigation". The court furthermore ruled that copyright infringement did not qualify as a serious enough offense. Subsequently, in April 2008, the Bundestag (German parliament) approved a new law requiring ISPs to divulge the identity of suspected infringers who infringe on a commercial scale. In Spain the Spanish Supreme Court recently ruled that personal data associated with an IP address could only be disclosed in the course of a criminal investigation or for public safety reasons (Productores de Música de España v. Telefónica de España SAU). In Italy courts established that criminally liability does not extend to file sharing copyrighted material, as long as it is not done for commercial gain. Ruling on a case involving a copyright holder employed a third party to collect IP addresses of suspected copyright infringers, the Italian Data Protection Authority ruled in February 2008 that the systematic monitoring of peer-to-peer activities for the purpose of detecting copyright infringers and suing them is not allowed.
Approach.
According to Barry Sookman and Dan Glover, the main characteristics of these initiatives are:
Reception.
The British consumers' association named ""Which?"" favours the initiative, calling measures "proportionate". Some consumer rights groups have argued that the graduated response denies consumers the right to a fair trial and the right to privacy.
Graduated response laws.
France.
In France President Nicolas Sarkozy backed the proposal to implement a graduated response law and the French government passed a three strikes policy in the HADOPI law.
A survey by the agency responsible for implementing the law suggested the approach was having a positive affect on behaviour. "The report claims that 50% of all French believe HADOPI is a positive initiative, which runs contrary to many press reports claiming the French overwhelmingly rejected the law. Half the respondents of the survey also said HADOPI motivated them to access online content 'more often legally.'  And 72% of the 100 people who personally received a HADOPI warning or knew of someone who did said they either ended or reduced illegal downloading."
An academic study by researchers at Wellesley College and Carnegie Mellon University found that public awareness of the initiative corresponds with an increase in French iTunes sales, far higher than in any other European country over the same period.
Accounting for the fact that our independent variable is in log terms, these estimates indicate that iTunes track sales units rose about 25.5% in the control group after March 1, 2009 but by 48% in France, indicating that French iTunes track sales were 22.5% higher on average than they would have been in the absence of HADOPI. Similarly, album sales units rose by 42% in the control group but 67% in France, indicating that HADOPI increased iTunes album sales an average 25% per week in France.
However, writing in "Le Monde", Damien Leloup and Jeremiah Baruch attribute the decline in digital piracy and sales increase to the introduction of a new iPhone. Consequently, co-authors of the study examined sales data for various devices, including the iPhone, and found that "the change in iOS device penetration in France between 2008 and 2009 is nearly the same as the change in penetration in the control countries, and if anything the change in iOS device penetration is smaller in France than in the control countries when measured from 2008 to 2010." For this and other reasons "it seems very unlikely that iOS device sales could have driven the disproportionate increase in French iTunes sales" and "we continue to believe that our data provide compelling empirical evidence that the HADOPI law made a difference in French music sales."
New Zealand.
New Zealand was one of the first countries to enact a three strikes policy, but its implementation was delayed for a month pending development of a code of practice. It was revealed that the US was instrumental in the implementation of this policy.
South Korea.
South Korea adopted a graduated response system in July 2009. Article 133bis of the Korean Copyright Act allows the Korean Copyright Commission to recommend ISPs to suspend the accounts of repeat file sharing offenders (as adjudged by the Commission) for six months. However, users' email accounts are not to be suspended.
United Kingdom.
In January 2009 the British government announced its plans to legislate a graduated response system through the Digital Economy Act. In the report entitled "Digital Britain" the government includes plans for a mandatory "code" for ISPs to follow, as well as the creation of a government "Rights Agency" to help stakeholders deal with the issue of “civil copyright”. Under the proposed scheme the UK government would legislate a "Code on unlawful file-sharing" that’s ISPs would have to follow and would establish "appeals and standards of evidence". The Act has now been passed into law.
Voluntary graduated response.
Ireland.
Attempts in Ireland to implement three strikes for a number of ISPs have resulted in court proceedings, the latest of which concerned data protection issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20527971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527971" title="Self-organizing network">
Self-organizing network

A self-organizing Network (SON) is an automation technology designed to make the planning, configuration, management, optimization and healing of mobile radio access networks simpler and faster. SON functionality and behavior has been defined and specified in generally accepted mobile industry recommendations produced by organizations such as 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project) and the NGMN (Next Generation Mobile Networks).
SON has been codified within 3GPP Release 8 and subsequent specifications in a series of standards including 36.902, as well as public white papers outlining use cases from the NGMN. The first technology making use of SON features will be Long Term Evolution (LTE), but the technology has also been retro-fitted to older radio access technologies such as Universal Mobile Telecommunications System (UMTS). The LTE specification inherently supports SON features like Automatic Neighbor Relation (ANR) detection, which is the 3GPP LTE Rel. 8 flagship feature.
Newly added base stations should be self-configured in line with a "plug-and-play" paradigm, while all operational base stations will regularly self-optimize parameters and algorithmic behavior in response to observed network performance and radio conditions. Furthermore, self-healing mechanisms can be triggered to temporarily compensate for a detected equipment outage, while awaiting a more permanent solution.
SON architectural types.
Self-organizing networks are commonly divided into three major architectural types.
Distributed SON.
In this type of SON (D-SON), functions are distributed among the network elements at the edge of the network, typically the ENodeB elements. This implies a certain degree of localization of functionality, and is normally supplied by the network equipment vendor manufacturing the radio cell.
Centralized SON.
In centralized SON (C-SON), function are more typically concentrated closer to higher-order network nodes or the network OSS, to allow a broader overview of more edge elements and coordination of e.g. load across a wide geographic area. Due to the need to inter-work with cells supplied by different equipment vendors, C-SON systems are more typically supplied by 3rd parties like Celcite or Cisco.
Hybrid SON.
Hybrid SON is a mix of centralized and distributed SON, combining elements of each in a hybrid solution.
SON sub-functions.
Self-organizing network functionalities are commonly divided into three major sub-functional groups, each containing a wide range of decomposed use cases.
Self-configuration functions.
Self-configuration strives towards the "plug-and-play" paradigm in the way that new base stations shall automatically be configured and integrated into the network. This means both connectivity establishment, and download of configuration parameters and software. Self-configuration is typically supplied as part of the software delivery with each radio cell by equipment vendors. When a new base station is introduced into the network and powered on, it gets immediately recognized and registered by the network. The neighboring base stations then automatically adjust their technical parameters (such as emission power, antenna tilt, etc.) in order to provide the required coverage and capacity, and, in the same time, avoid the interference.
Self-optimization functions.
Every base station contains hundreds of configuration parameters that control various aspects of the cell site. Each of these can be altered to change network behavior, based on observations of both the base station itself, and measurements at the mobile station or handset. One of the first SON features establishes neighbor relations automatically (ANR), while others optimize random access parameters or mobility robustness in terms of handover oscillations. A very illustrative use case is the automatic switch-off of a percent of base stations during the night hours. The neighboring base station would then re-configure their parameters in order to keep the entire area covered by signal. In case of a sudden growth in connectivity demand for any reason, the "sleeping" base stations "wake up" almost instantaneously. This mechanism leads to significant energy savings for operators.
Self-healing functions.
When some nodes in the network become inoperative, self-healing mechanisms aim at reducing the impacts from the failure, for example by adjusting parameters and algorithms in adjacent cells so that other nodes can support the users that were supported by the failing node. In legacy networks, the failing base stations are at times hard to identify and a significant amount of time and resources is required to fix it. This function of SON permits to spot such a failing base stations immediately in order to take further measures, and ensure no or insignificant degradation of service for the users.
Introduction of SON.
Self-organizing Networks features are being introduced gradually with the arrival of new 4G systems in radio access networks, allowing for the impact of potential ‘teething troubles’ to be limited and gradually increasing confidence. Self-optimization mechanisms in mobile radio access networks can be seen to have some similarities to automated trading algorithms in financial markets. SON has also been retrofitted to existing 3G networks to help reduce cost and improve service reliability.
The Mobile World Congress trade conference in 2009 saw the first major announcements of SON functionality for LTE mobile networks, with Alcatel-Lucent and Nortel making announcements and demonstrations of early stage products. First deployments occurred in Japan and USA during 2009/10. In 2010 Actix announced a contract to supply centralized SON for LTE networks to NEC Corporation of Japan.
The first commercial live test of one of the official 3GPP SON functions was held 12 November by TeliaSonera and Ericsson. It verified the Automatic Neighbor Relations (ANR) feature in parts of a commercially deployed network in Sweden, using a mobile for a commercial chipset vendor. ANR automatically sets up neighbor relations based on actual radio conditions.
Current status.
Subsequent announcements in 2011, 2012 and 2013 by self optimizing network suppliers such as Celcite and Cisco (formerly Intucell, see below), Actix, Eden Rock, Reverb Networks show the continuing deployment of centralized SON solutions in both 4G LTE and 3G UMTS domains by some of the largest mobile network operators globally.
In January 2013, Intucell was purchased by Cisco for a price of US$475M.
Although introduced as a 4G/LTE technology, several companies have announced or installed SON systems that also control a 3G/UMTS network.
Early adopters of SON technology who have made public announcements include AT&T (USA), KDDI (Japan), & Pelephone (Israel).
Literature.
C. Brunner, D. Flore: "Generation of Pathloss and Interference Maps as SON Enabler in Deployed UMTS Networks." In: "Proceedings of IEEE Vehicular Technology Conf. (VTC Spring '09)." Barcelona, Spain, April 2009

</doc>
<doc id="20527981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20527981" title="Chrominance subcarrier">
Chrominance subcarrier

Chrominace subcarrier refers to a separate subcarrier signal that carries the color information during transmission of a video signal. It is modulated and synchronized using the colorburst signal and then attached to the back porch of the color composite video signal. By synchronizing the subcarrier with the local oscillator of the television receiver, the RGB colors can be decoded successfully.

</doc>
<doc id="20528007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528007" title="Šmartno v Tuhinju">
Šmartno v Tuhinju

Šmartno v Tuhinju () is a village in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the village is dedicated to Saint Martin.

</doc>
<doc id="20528010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528010" title="My Girlfriend is a Cyborg">
My Girlfriend is a Cyborg

Story.
It is November 22, 2007. Jiro Kitamura (Keisuke Koide) is spending his 20th birthday alone. As he buys a birthday present for himself in a shopping mall, gathers attention of a 'cute girl' (Haruka Ayase) and she surprisingly smiles at him. Afterwards, she successfully steals a pair of clothes which is noticed by Jiro but he ignores the fact as she walks away in front of him and amazed to see her beauty. The mystery girl, who seems interested in him, follows him into the restaurant, where he was having spaghetti on the advice of her grandmother for a longer and peaceful life. She suddenly appears during which she states that it's 'her birthday too'. The two of them then exchange birthday presents. The girl, who seems unused to everything, behaves very boldly and suddenly rushes Jiro out of the restaurant without paying, provoking a chase through Tokyo. As he spends time with her, Jiro finds himself charmed by the girl. But after a few hours the girl insists she has to leave.
The story then jumps to one year later and Jiro is again celebrating his birthday alone in the same restaurant. All of a sudden, the same girl appears in front of him. This girl, however, has been sent to save him from a disastrous fate by a future version of himself- she's a cyborg, modeled after the girl he met a year ago. While he was rejoiced by her presence. Suddenly, the restaurant was under attacked by a gunman but she saves him and others by throwing the gunman out of the window. Despite her 'cute' outward appearance, she is incredibly strong, and her behavior is erratic. Later on, in his home she reveals her true identity by showing him a 3D projection of his own future appearance as a more aged person who warns him about an upcoming disaster. Its comes to his knowledge that the bullet storm showdown at the restaurant caused him a lifelong paralysis. But, a lottery ticket he bought earlier was fortunate for him. Moreover, he spent all his time and money on one thing is to create her to save himself of the past about 60 years ago. Now, he has recreated the history of his timeline by sending her but it was not supposed to happen but it'll correct itself by recaliberating to the right dimension. In a short span of time, she becomes Jiro's protector as well as a loyal friend and they both share some wonderful moments. She also saves many other lives which happens to be a series of disappointing memories Jiro of the future regretted to witness them dying.
Over the time, Jiro not only becomes dependent on, but also falls for her. However, when she cannot return his feelings, he gets irritated and forbids her from seeing him unless she can do so. He begins to regret this, especially when it becomes apparent she is still helping him while staying out of sight. Another disaster soon happens: a gigantic earthquake completely devastates Tokyo. As his apartment block collapses, the girl appears to help him but even her superhuman strength isn't enough to save him. After telling Jirou that she now understands his feelings, she is destroyed. Distraught, Jiro spends the next 61 years trying to rebuild her. He eventually succeeds, although he passes away soon afterwards.
Further in the future, 63 years later, in 2133, a girl is told by her friend that there is a cyborg on display that looks just like her. She is curious, and buys the now defunct cyborg to experience the memories stored in her hard-drive. Intrigued, she then decides to fulfill her wish of going back in time to meet Jiro on his 20th birthday in 2007...
Adaptions.
A manga adaptation by Akihiro Nakamura was released on 17 October 2008 (ISBN 4063755746). Based on the film, it was published in Kodansha Young Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20528022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528022" title="Ian Chapman">
Ian Chapman

Ian Russell Chapman (born 31 May 1970) is an English former professional footballer. Born in Brighton, he spent most of his career with hometown club Brighton & Hove Albion.
Playing career.
As a schoolboy, Chapman was chosen to attend The Football Association's School of Excellence at Lilleshall Hall. When he made his professional debut for Brighton away to Birmingham City in February 1987, he became the first former pupil of the school to play in The Football League, in addition to being Brighton's youngest ever peacetime player. He went on to make 281 Football League appearances for the "Seagulls". He was part of the team which made the final of the Second Division play-offs in 1991, but during his time at the Goldstone Ground Brighton also twice suffered relegation, and dropped into the Football League Third Division in 1996. Immediately after Brighton's relegation, he was transferred to Gillingham, who had just gained promotion from the Third Division. He only made 23 League appearances for the "Gills", however, before he was forced to retire from professional football due to injuries. He finished his playing career with non-league club Whitehawk of the Sussex County League. In 1999 he made one last bid to return to professional football when he had a trial with former club Brighton. but his injury problems prevented him gaining a contract with the club.
Managerial career.
After his playing career finished, Chapman became manager of Whitehawk. In October 2006 he returned to former club Brighton in a coaching role, initially in a part-time capacity while remaining manager of Whitehawk.
At the end of the 2006–07 season he dedicated himself to the job at Brighton full-time, resigning from his job with Whitehawk.
He left his job at Brighton in 2008, however, after the departure of Dean Wilkins, the manager who had brought him to the club. He was said to be in the running to take over as manager of Isthmian League team Crowborough Athletic, but was not offered the job.
He later coached Conference National strugglers Lewes on a casual basis while looking for another full-time job in the sport.
In 2012, he joined Isthmian League side Burgess Hill Town as manager.

</doc>
<doc id="20528048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528048" title="Electoral district of Cambria">
Electoral district of Cambria

The Electoral district of Cambria was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Campbell Town in the Midlands region of Tasmania between Hobart and Launceston.
The seat was created in a redistribution ahead of the 1903 state election, largely replacing the seat of Campbell Town, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909. It had a single member during its existence, William Bennett.

</doc>
<doc id="20528058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528058" title="Baltic 21">
Baltic 21

Initiated by the Prime Ministers of the Baltic Sea countries in 1996, Baltic 21 is a regional expression of the global Agenda 21 adopted by the United Nations “Earth Summit.” Being a network for cooperation, Baltic 21 links together stakeholders in a common endeavour for regional sustainable development.
As a multinational team, members of Baltic 21 are government ministries and agencies from the 11 Baltic Sea states, the European Commission, numerous intergovernmental and non-governmental organisations, academic and financial institutions, as well as local, city and business networks. The Baltic 21 network brings together people who are active in sectors including agriculture, education, energy, fisheries, forests, industry, tourism, transport and spatial planning.
The mission of Baltic 21 is to contribute towards advancing sustainable development in the Baltic Sea Region by coordinating goals and activities, and by serving as a forum for cooperation across borders and between stakeholder groups. 
The Baltic 21 process is steered, coordinated and monitored by the Senior Officials Group (SOG) consisting of representatives of the member countries, organizations and institutions. 

</doc>
<doc id="20528079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528079" title="John Doggett (politician)">
John Doggett (politician)

John Doggett (February 6, 1723 – March 20, 1772) was a merchant, seaman and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Granville township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1770 to 1772.
He was born in Plymouth, Massachusetts, the son of Ebenezer Doggett and Elizabeth Rickard. In 1748, he married Abigail House. By that time, he was living in Scituate, where he worked first as a ship's captain and then as a ferry operator. In 1759, he received a grant of land in Liverpool township, Nova Scotia. He established a store and was part owner of a sawmill. In 1760, he was named a justice of the peace and he also served as customs collector and major in the local militia. In 1764, he was named judge of the Inferior Court of Common Pleas and registrar for Queen's County. In 1771, he became lieutenant-colonel in the county militia. He died on Port Mouton Island after being ill for some time, possibly having been quarantined on the island.
His descendants still remain in the local area of White Point, Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="20528080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528080" title="Edward Akika">
Edward Akika

Edward Akika (born July 18, 1941) is a retired Olympic track and field athlete from Nigeria. He specialised in the hurdling and the long jump events during his career.
Akika represented Nigeria at the 1964 Olympic Games. He claimed the gold medal for his native West African country in the men's long jump event at the 1965 All-Africa Games.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20528098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528098" title="Electoral district of Kentish">
Electoral district of Kentish

The Electoral district of Kentish was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Sheffield in Tasmania's north, inland from Devonport.
The seat was created in a redistribution ahead of the 1903 state election from the southern part of West Devon and smaller parts of Devonport, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909. It had a single member during its existence, John Hope, who had previously represented the seat of Devonport and went on to represent the new Wilmot division.

</doc>
<doc id="20528103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528103" title="Jardin Georges Delaselle">
Jardin Georges Delaselle

The Jardin Georges Delaselle is a historic botanical garden located on the Île de Batz, Finistère, in the region of Brittany, France. It is open daily except Tuesday in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.
The garden was created between 1898-1918 by Parisian insurer Georges Albert Delaselle (1861-1944), who supervised excavation among the island's dunes of a deep, terraced bowl five metres in diameter. There he established an excellent collection of exotic plants, but in 1937 he was forced to sell the property, which in 1957 was reworked to be a summer camp. The garden then fell into disuse for thirty years. In 1987 it was repurchased, and with major investments beginning in 1991 it has subsequently been restored. In 1997 the nonprofit "Conservatoire de l’Espace Littoral et des Rivages Lacustres" assumed ownership.
Today the garden contains more than 2000 plant species suited to the island's Mediterranean climate, with fine collections of palms, cactus, and succulents. Two-thirds are native to the southern hemisphere, primarily from Chile, South Africa, Australia, and New Zealand. The garden also contains a Bronze Age necropolis with the remains of ten tombs.

</doc>
<doc id="20528139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528139" title="Electoral district of East Launceston">
Electoral district of East Launceston

The Electoral district of East Launceston, sometimes referred to as Launceston East, was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in the eastern suburbs of Launceston, Tasmania's second city, and the surrounding rural area.
The seat was created in a redistribution ahead of the 1903 state election, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909. It had a single member during its existence, Charles Stewart.

</doc>
<doc id="20528144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528144" title="Joseph-François Duché de Vancy">
Joseph-François Duché de Vancy

Joseph-François Duché de Vancy (29 October 1668, Paris - 14 December 1704) was a French playwright.
Life.
He was the son of a gentleman in the household of Louis XIV and was himself a valet de chambre du roi. He followed Anne-Jules, 2nd duc de Noailles to Spain as his secretary. His talents gained him a pension from Madame de Maintenon, and a commission from her for Vancy and Jean Racine to compose sacred poems, edifying stories and religious tragedies for the maison de Saint-Cyr ("Absalon", "Jonalhas", "Débora"). Vancy also wrote opera librettos modelled on Racine, the best known of which were "Céphale et Procris" and "Iphigénie en Tauride" (the latter with additions by Antoine Danchet). He was a member of the Académie des inscriptions.

</doc>
<doc id="20528160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528160" title="The Story of a Real Man">
The Story of a Real Man

The Story of a Real Man (, "Povest' o nastoyashchem cheloveke") is an opera in four acts by the Russian composer Sergei Prokofiev, his opus 117. It was written from 1947 to 1948, and was his last opera. 
The libretto, by the composer and Mira Mendelson, is based on the novel of the same name by Boris Polevoy; this in turn was based on the story of pilot Alexey Maresyev. The opera received its premiere on 3 December 1948 at the Kirov Theatre, Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg). The audience was made up of Soviet cultural officials who gave the work a poor reception. This was a great disappointment to the composer who had intended the opera to rehabilitate his reputation with the Communist authorities after he had been accused of "formalism" earlier in the year. As a result, performances of "The Story of a Real Man" were forbidden to the general public until after Prokofiev's death. It received its public premiere on 7 October 1960 at the Bolshoi Theatre, Moscow.
Synopsis.
The story is set during the Second World War. Alexei, a Soviet fighter pilot, is shot down in combat against the Germans and badly wounded. He is rescued and cared for by villagers from a collective farm before being transferred to a hospital, where both his legs are amputated. He is inspired by the thought of his girlfriend and the support of his fellow patients, one of whom tells him the story of a First World War ace who continued to fly after losing one of his legs. The opera ends with Alexei taking to the air again in his new plane.
Recordings.
Source: Recordings of "The Story of a Real Man" on operadis-opera-discography.org.uk

</doc>
<doc id="20528192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528192" title="Rose Hart">
Rose Hart

Rose Hart (born January 9, 1942) is a retired female track and field athlete from Ghana. She specialised in the hurdling, the sprints and the discus throw events during her career.
Hart represented Ghana at the 1964 Olympic Games. She twice claimed a gold medal for her native West African country at the All-Africa Games: 1965 and 1973.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20528194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528194" title="Aligovska">
Aligovska


</doc>
<doc id="20528215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528215" title="List of ship launches in 1897">
List of ship launches in 1897

The list of ship launches in 1897 includes a chronological list of some ships launched in 1897.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20528216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528216" title="Gaspard Duché de Vancy">
Gaspard Duché de Vancy

Gaspard Duchè de Vancy was a French artist of the 18th century. He grew up in Vienna and exhibited not only at Paris's Salon of Young Artists (1781) but also at London's Royal Academy (1784). He was particularly active in portraiture, producing images of Stanislaus of Poland (1784), the secretary of the Kingdom of Naples (1784) and Marie Antoinette, and was also taken on as the official artist of the La Perouse expedition, on which he disappeared. His skull was thought to have been found off Vanikoro in April 2008, but DNA tests proved inconclusive.

</doc>
<doc id="20528220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528220" title="Electoral district of West Launceston">
Electoral district of West Launceston

The Electoral district of West Launceston, sometimes referred to as Launceston West, was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in the western suburbs of Launceston, Tasmania's second city.
The seat was created in a redistribution ahead of the 1903 state election, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20528244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528244" title="Ime Akpan">
Ime Akpan

Ime Akpan (born April 27, 1972) is a retired female track and field athlete from Nigeria, who competed in the women's 100 metres hurdling event during her career. She is a one-time Olympian (1996), and won a gold medal at the 1991 All-Africa Games in Cairo, Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="20528261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528261" title="List of proposed etymologies of OK">
List of proposed etymologies of OK

This is a list of etymologies proposed for the word "OK" or "okay". The majority can be easily classified as false etymologies, or possibly folk etymologies. H. L. Mencken, in "The American Language", lists serious candidates and "a few of the more picturesque or preposterous". Allen Walker Read surveyed a variety of explanations in a 1964 article titled "The Folklore of "O. K."" Eric Partridge described O.K. as "an evergreen of the correspondence column."

</doc>
<doc id="20528297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528297" title="Ballerup">
Ballerup

Ballerup is a Danish town, seat of the Ballerup Municipality, in the Region Hovedstaden.
There are approximately 25 schools in Ballerup Municipality. 
Ballerup has its own educational institution specialized in the study, training and research of music.
Geography.
The town is in the north-western suburbs of Copenhagen and is part of Copenhagen's urban area.
Sport.
Track Cycling.
Ballerup Super Arena is the velodrome of Ballerup. It hosted the UCI Track Cycling World Championships in 2002 and 2010 and many rounds of the UCI Track Cycling World Cup Classics.

</doc>
<doc id="20528310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528310" title="Amelia Okoli">
Amelia Okoli

Amelia Okoli (born May 14, 1941) is a retired female track and field athlete from Nigeria. She specialised in the high jump event during her career.
Okoli represented Nigeria at the 1964 Olympic Games. She claimed a gold medal for her native West African country at the 1965 All-Africa Games.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20528319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528319" title="Bridget Bate Tichenor">
Bridget Bate Tichenor

Bridget Bate Tichenor (born Bridget Pamela Arkwright Bate on November 22, 1917 – died on October 20, 1990), also known as Bridget Tichenor or B.B.T., was a Mexican surrealist painter of fantastic art in the school of magic realism and a fashion editor. Born in Paris and of British descent, she later embraced Mexico as her home.
Family and early life in Europe.
Bridget was the daughter of Frederick Blantford Bate and Vera Nina Arkwright (also known as Vera Bate Lombardi) and although born in France spent her youth in England and attended schools in England, France, and Italy. She moved to Paris at age 16 to live with her mother where she worked as a model for Coco Chanel. She lived between Rome and Paris from 1930 until 1938.
Fred Bate carefully guided Bridget with her art. He recommended she attend the Slade School in London, and visited her later at the Contembo Ranch in Mexico. Bate's close friend, surrealist photographer Man Ray, photographed Bridget at different stages of her modeling career from Paris to New York.
Vera Bate Lombardi, Bridget's mother, is said to have been the public relations liaison to the royal families of Europe for Coco Chanel between 1925 and 1938. Her grandmother, Rosa Frederica Baring was a member of the Baring banking family. Rosa Baring was a descendant of Sir Francis Baring, founder of Barings Bank. Because of the Baring family marriages, Bridget was distantly related to many European aristocratic families.
New York and the United States.
Bridget married Hugh Joseph Chisholm at the Chisholm family home, Strathgrass in Port Chester, New York on October 14, 1939. It was an arranged marriage, devised by her mother Vera through Cole Porter and his wife Linda's introduction, in order to remove Bridget from Europe and the looming threat of the World War II. They had a son in Beverly Hills, California on December 21, 1940 named Jeremy Chisholm. When the child was six months old, they gave him to a relative of Hugh Chisholm, who cared for him until later when he went to live with his father. Jeremy Chisholm was a noted businessman and equestrian in the USA, United Kingdom and Europe, who died in Boston in 1982.
In 1943, Bridget was a student at the Art Students League of New York and studying under Reginald Marsh along with her friends, the painters Paul Cadmus and George Tooker. Acquaintances have described Bridget during this time as "striking", "glamorous", and a "long-stemmed beauty with large azure eyes and sumptuous black hair". She lived in an apartment at the Plaza Hotel and wore clothes by Manhattan couturier Hattie Carnegie. It was around this time that the author Anaïs Nin wrote about her infatuation with Bridget in her personal diary. Bridget was at a party in the Park Avenue apartment of photographer George Platt Lynes, a friend who used her as a subject in his photographs, when she met Lyne's assistant, Jonathan Tichenor, in 1943. They started an affair in 1944 when her husband Chisholm was away and working overseas for the US government, and she divorced Chisholm on December 11, 1944 and moved into an Upper East Side townhouse in Manhattan that she shared with art patron Peggy Guggenheim. She married Jonathan Tichenor in 1945, taking his last name as Bridget Bate Tichenor, and they moved into an artist's studio at 105 MacDougal Street in Manhattan.
Painting technique.
Tichenor's painting technique was based upon 16th-century Italian tempera formulas that artist Paul Cadmus taught her in New York in 1945, where she would prepare an eggshell-finished gesso ground on masonite board and apply (instead of tempera) multiple transparent oil glazes defined through chiaroscuro with sometimes one hair of a #00 sable brush. Tichenor considered her work to be of a spiritual nature, reflecting ancient occult religions, magic, alchemy, and Mesoamerican mythology in her Italian Renaissance style of painting.
Life in Mexico.
The cultures of Mesoamerica and her international background would influence the style and themes of Tichenor's work as a magic realist painter in Mexico. She was among a group of surrealist and magic realist female artists who came to live in Mexico in the late 1940s and early 1950s. Her introduction to Mexico was through her friend and cousin Edward James, the British surrealist art collector and sponsor of the magazine "Minotaure" that was published in Paris. James lived in Las Pozas, San Luis Potosí, and his home in Mexico had an enormous surrealist sculpture garden with natural waterfalls, pools and surrealist sculptures in concrete. Tichenor had first met him in Paris in the 1930s. In 1947, James invited Bridget to visit him again at his home Xilitia, near Tampico in the rich Black Olmec culture of the Gulf Coast. Edward urged her for many years to receive secret spiritual initiations that he had undergone. Bridget's lifetime change and artistic direction came with her epiphanies that occurred on this trip. After visiting Mexico, Tichenor obtained a divorce in 1953 from her second husband, Jonathan Tichenor, and moved to Mexico in the same year, where she made her permanent home and lived for the rest of her life. She left her marriage and job as a professional fashion and accessories editor for "Vogue" behind and was now alongside expatriate painters such as Leonora Carrington, Remedios Varo, Alice Rahon, and photographer Kati Horna.
Having lived in varied European and American cultures with multiple identities reflecting her life passages, Tichenor recognized the Pre-Columbian cycles of creation, destruction, and resurrection that echoed the events of the catastrophes of her own life mounted within the dismantling and reconstructive context of two World Wars. The openness of Mexico at that time fueled her personal expectations of a future filled with endless artistic inspiration in a truly new world founded upon metaphysics, where a movement of societal, political, and spiritual ideals were being immortalized in the arts.
At the time of Tichenor's move to Mexico in 1953, she began what would become a lifetime journey through her art and mysticism, inspired by her belief in ancestral spirits, to achieve self-realization. While painting alone and in isolation, she removed her familiar and societal masks to find her own personal human and spiritual identities; she would then reposition those hidden identities with new masks and characters in her paintings that represented her own sacred beliefs and truths. This guarded internal process of self-discovery and fulfillment was allegorically portrayed with a cast of mythological characters engaged in magical settings. She painted a dramatization of her own life and quests on canvas through an expressive visual language and an artistic vocabulary that she kept secret.
In 1958, she participated in the First Salon of Women's Art at the Galerías Excelsior of Mexico, together with Carrington, Rahon, Varo, and other contemporary women painters of her era. That same year, she bought the Contembo ranch near the remote village of Ario de Rosales, Michoacán where she painted reclusively with her extensive menagerie of pets until 1978.
Tichenor counted painters Carrington, Alan Glass, and artist Pedro Friedeberg among her closest friends and artistic contemporaries in Mexico. In 1971, Friedeberg introduced his friend and former apprentice, American artist and spiritist Zachary Selig, to Tichenor in Mexico City. She spiritually adopted Selig as her protégé and became his mentor until her death in 1990. In 1978, Selig introduced Tichenor to fashion photographer Francesco Scavullo who photographed her portrait.
Between 1982 and 1984, Tichenor lived in Rome and painted a series of paintings titled "Masks, Spiritual Guides, and Dual Deities". Her final years were spent at her home in San Miguel de Allende, Guanajuato, Mexico.
Contembo Ranch.
The architecture of Tichenor's house at Contembo Ranch in Michoacán was a simple Tuscan-style country villa cross-shaped designed brick and adobe two-story structure that Bridget built with her P'urhépechan lover Roberto in 1958. Ario de Rosales was named “place where something was sent to be said” in the P'urhépecha language. Tichenor became an artistic channel for the place that she chose to call her home.
Many of the faces and bodies of her magical creatures in her paintings were based upon her assorted terriers, chihuahuas, and Italian mastiffs, sheep, goats, monkeys, parrots, iguanas, snakes, horses, cows, and local P'urhépecha servants and friends.
The light, colors and landscapes of Tichenor's paintings were inspired by the topography of the volcanic land that surrounded her mountaintop home. There was a curvature of the earth that could be seen from her second-story studio where the pine tree covered red mountains cascaded towards the Pacific Ocean. There also was a waterfall with turquoise pools of water that traversed her property.
Death and legacy.
After her son Jeremy Chisholm's death in 1982, Tichenor had no contact with any of his family. At the time of Tichenor's death in the Daniel de Laborde-Noguez and Marie Aimée de Montalembert house on the Calle Tabasco in Mexico City in 1990, she chose to be exclusively with her close friends. Tichenor's mother Vera Bate Lombardi was a close friend of Comte Léon de Laborde, who was a fervent admirer of Coco Chanel in her youth and had introduced Lombardi to Chanel. Comte Léon de Laborde's grandson, economist Carlos de Laborde-Noguez, his wife Marina Lascaris, his brother Daniel de Laborde-Noguez and his wife, Marie Aimée de Motalembert became Tichenor's most respected allies, trusted friends, and caretakers at the end of her life in their home in Mexico City. There were no living family members with her at the time of her death, nor were any relatives included in the last will and testament of her estate.
Tichenor was the subject of a 1985 documentary titled "Rara Avis", shot in Baron Alexander von Wuthenau's home in Mexico City. It was directed by Tufic Makhlouf and focused on Tichenor’s life in Europe, her being a subject for the photographers Man Ray, Cecil Beaton, Irving Penn, John Rawlings, George Platt Lynes, her career as a "Vogue" fashion editor in New York with Condé Nast art director Alexander Liberman between 1945 and 1952, and her magic realism painting career in Mexico that began in 1956. The title of the film, "Rara Avis", is a Latin expression that comes from the Roman poet Juvenal meaning a rare and unique bird, the "black swan." "Rara Avis" was screened at the 2008 FICM Morelia international film festival.
The first biographical glimpse into the artistic character of Tichenor from a 20-year personal perspective was published in 2010 by her protégé Zachary Selig, "The First Biography of the Life of Bridget Bate Tichenor." Artist Pedro Friedeberg wrote about Tichenor and their life in Mexico in his 2011 book of memoirs "De Vacaciones Por La Vida (Holiday For Life)", including stories of her interaction with his friends and contemporaries Salvador Dalí, Zachary Selig, Leonora Carrington, Kati Horna, Tamara de Lempicka and Edward James.
Works of art.
Interest in Tichenor's paintings by art collectors and museums has been increasing in recent years, as well as collections of art photographs with Tichenor as the subject. Tichenor's paintings were first sold in 1954 by the Ines Amor Gallery in Mexico City, and then later by her patron, the late Mexican art dealer and collector Antonio de Souza at the Galeria Souza in the Paseo de la Reforma, Mexico City. In 1955, the Karning Gallery, directed by Robert Isaacson, represented her. In 1972 and 1974 she exhibited at the Galeria Pecanins, Colonia Roma, Mexico City. A comprehensive retrospective exhibition was held at the Instituto de Bellas Artes de San Miguel de Allende in February 1990, nine months before her death. She left 200 paintings that were divided between Pedro Friedeberg and the de Laborde-Noguez family. Her works became a part of important international private and museum collections in the United States, Mexico and Europe that included the Churchill and Rockefeller families. They were sought after for their refined esoteric nature with detail in master painting technique.
Two 1941 gelatin silver print portraits of Tichenor by avant-garde artist Man Ray were auctioned by Christie's London in 1996. Another 1941 gelatin silver print photograph of Tichenor by Man Ray was auctioned by Sotheby's New York in 1997. A silver gelatin print of fashion photographer Irving Penn's 1949 photograph of Tichenor and model Jean Patchett, titled "The Tarot Reader", resides in the permanent collection of the Smithsonian American Art Museum. Two paintings by Tichenor were auctioned by Christie’s in July, 2007 at New York's Rockefeller Plaza, and both received almost 10 times the original estimates in the auction of Mexican actress María Félix's estate. Tichenor's oil on canvas titled "Domadora de quimeras", featuring the face of María Félix with details by painter Antoine Tzapoff, went for $20,400 USD, which was several times higher than its original low estimate of $2000 USD. Another painting by Tichenor, "Caja de crystal", also sold for much more than its estimated price.
In 2008, the Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Monterrey held an exhibition of Tichenor’s work, including her paintings among 50 prominent Mexican artists such as Frida Kahlo. It was titled "History of Women: Twentieth-Century Artists in Mexico." The exhibition centered on women who had developed their artistic activities within individual and diverse disciplines while working in Mexico.
Tichenor was featured in the 2012 exhibition "In Wonderland: The Surrealist Adventures of Women Artists in Mexico and the United States", organized by LACMA and the Museo de Arte Moderno. Included were Tichenor's paintings "Líderes", "Autorretrato (Self-Portrait)", and "Los encarcelados", a tall work of four stacked wooden cages with painted masonite heads inside of each box and a pyramid on the top of the structure. The exhibition took place at the LACMA Resnick Pavilion in Los Angeles
The Museum of the City of Mexico's director, Cristina Faesler, has organized over 100 paintings for an exhibition dedicated to Tichenor in Mexico City beginning May 23, 2012 to August 5, 2012. The exhibition at the Museo de la Ciudad de México is a visual monograph of Tichenor's work, her surrealist vision and technique.

</doc>
<doc id="20528328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528328" title="Arda, Bulgaria">
Arda, Bulgaria

Arda () is a village in Smolyan Municipality, located in the Smolyan Province of southern Bulgaria. It is located 173.424 km from Sofia and the village covers an area of 17.928 km². As of 2007, the village had a population of 314 people. 
The village is located 30 km south of Smolyan. The village is recorded in records of the Ottoman Empire indicating 13 soldiers in the army were from the village. A census of 1912-1913 indicated a population of 200. 
Some of the inhabitants of the village are Pomaks and follow Islam as their main religion, others are Eastern Orthodox Bulgarians.
Annually the Ilinden festival takes place every summer. Near the village of Arda, in the neighbourhoods of Gudevitsa and Lagat (birthplace of folk singer Valya Balkanska) there are springs from one of the largest Bulgarian rivers, the Arda, from which the village takes its name. In this neighbourhood is also a church, built in 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="20528341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528341" title="INCTR Challenge Fund">
INCTR Challenge Fund

The INCTR Challenge Fund is the UK charity (Charity No. 1079181) raising funds for projects co-ordinated by the International Network for Cancer Treatment Research (INCTR) that improve the care delivered to cancer patients in developing countries and help reduce their suffering.
Cancer isn't just a disease that only affects wealthy countries. The World Health Organisation reports that of the 7.9 million death from cancer every year, 72% (5.7 million) occur in low and middle income countries. This means that almost 11 people a minute are dying of cancer in some of the poorest nations on Earth. In fact, WHO reports that cancer is now killing more people in the developing countries than malaria, TB and HIV/AIDS combined, and this situation is growing steadily worse.
There are several reasons for this high death toll from cancer in developing countries. Due to poverty, lack of resources and vast distances, public access to treatment maybe difficult or non-existent. There is also not enough awareness (public or professional) about cancer to help either prevent the disease developing or to support early diagnosis. As a result, 80% of cancer patients present with advanced/incurable cancers. Unfortunately, in many cases, palliative care will not be available to them at the end of their lives.
The INCTR Challenge Fund raises money to help INCTR.
The charity relies on donations from individual and corporate donors.
It fundraises through social events including music gigs.
INCTR projects.
The INCTR Challenge Fund is prioritizing INCTR projects in children’s cancer (especially African Burkitt lymphoma) and palliative care.
Children’s cancer.
The survival rate of children suffering with cancer is lower than in high-income countries; often less than 20% compared with around 70% in the UK. Specialized units for treating children with cancer are rare in developing countries, leading to overcrowded wards and the spread of fatal infections. This is tragic as common childhood cancers such as African Burkitt lymphoma can be cured cheaply and efficiently if they are detected early enough. The INCTR Challenge Fund is raising money to provide effective treatment for children with African BL in Tanzania, Kenya, Nigeria and Uganda. 
The INCTR Africa Burkitt Lymphoma Programme is also supported by Christopher Niblett Memorial Fund since 2006.
Palliative care.
Due to the scarcity of resources and the limited number of trained health care professionals, palliative care is unavailable to most terminally ill cancer patients in low or middle income countries. In some countries the situation may be complicated by a lack of professional regard (or understanding) of Palliative Care as a bona fide part of cancer control, and by local medical and legal barriers to the use of opioids for pain relief. In Nepal the INCTR Challenge Fund is building a Palliative Care Network that will help reduce the suffering of cancer patients in the Kathmandu valley.
International Network for Cancer Treatment and Research.
The International Network for Cancer Treatment and Research (INCTR) is a not-for-profit, non-governmental organization founded in 1998 by the International Union Against Cancer (UICC) and the Institut Pasteur in Brussels. The INCTR’s structured programme of research collaboration, education and training, helps developing countries to develop an increased understanding of the causes and predisposition to regionally important cancers, and to increase survival rates and the quality of life in patients with cancer. INCTR currently has branches in the USA, France, Brazil, Egypt and Nepal and offices in the UK, India and Tanzania. INCTR is supported by the National Cancer Institute of the USA and is located at the Institut Pasteur in Brussels.
See also.
Dean Foundation

</doc>
<doc id="20528342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528342" title="Electoral district of North Esk">
Electoral district of North Esk

The Electoral district of North Esk was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based near Tasmania's second city of Launceston.
The seat was created in a redistribution ahead of the 1903 state election out of the former seats of Selby and Evandale, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909. 

</doc>
<doc id="20528344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528344" title="Dragør">
Dragør

Dragør is the main town and the seat of the municipal council of Dragør Municipality, (Denmark), which includes the village of Store Magleby.
Geography.
Dragør, on the southeastern coast of the island of Amager, is located only 12 km from central Copenhagen, but the town is not a part of the urban area of Copenhagen. Together with the neighbouring village of Store Magleby, it forms a separate urban area with a population of 11,874 (1 January 2013).
Dragør has many well preserved historical buildings. The old part of the town is a cozy, picturesque maze of alleys with yellow-painted houses, red roofs, and cobblestone streets built in the traditional Danish style. Many of these buildings are hundreds of years old.
Dragør was a prosperous seafaring town in the latter half of the 19th century, and its charming harbour front is still in use.
History.
Dragør was founded in the 12th century, and grew quickly as a fishing port. In 1370, the Hanseatic League was granted some trade privileges in the town. Dragør continued to grow - as the home of one of the largest fishing fleets in the country and as a base for salting and processing fish.
The first part of the name, "Drag-", refers to drawing (dragging) boats ashore. The ending "-ør" is common in Scandinavian placenames and means a beach covered in sand or gravel.
The area has a Dutch ancestry that is still much in evidence. In the early 16th century, King Christian II invited a group of farmers from the Netherlands — at the time a more agriculturally advanced nation than Denmark — to settle in the area and produce food for the royal household. Twenty-four families arrived. They and their descendants settled in the village of Store Magleby. Tensions between the Dutch farmers of the inland and the Danish fishermen and sailors at the coast are still detectable now, with a certain rivalry between citizens of Store Magleby and Dragør. The Dutch peasants delivered vegetables to the Amagertorv market in Copenhagen. Among their many other achievements they were responsible for introducing the carrot to Denmark. Dutch and Low German were still spoken on Amager until the 19th century.
Economy.
Prior to its dissolution, Maersk Air had its headquarters in Dragør. When it existed, Sterling Airlines had its head office at Copenhagen Airport South in Dragør.

</doc>
<doc id="20528351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528351" title="Doreen Amata">
Doreen Amata

Doreen Amata (born May 6, 1988 in Lagos, Nigeria) is a female track and field athlete from Nigeria. She specialised in the high jump event.
Amata represented Nigeria at the 2008 Olympic Games, finishing in 16th place in the overall-rankings. She claimed a gold medal for her native West African country at the 2007 All-Africa Games.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20528360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528360" title="Roquetes (Barcelona Metro)">
Roquetes (Barcelona Metro)

Roquetes is a Barcelona Metro station, on line L3.
It opened on October 4, 2008 as part of the extension of the metro line from Canyelles into Trinitat Nova. Owing its name to the Roquetes neighbourhood, in the Nou Barris district, the station can be accessed from carrer Jaume Pinent, carrer de les Torres and Parc de Roquetes, near carrer Vidal i Guasch. It's a mixture of a ground-level station with the current deepest sub-surface platform in the system.
It ought not be confused with Via Júlia station, on L4, known as "Roquetes" before 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20528361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528361" title="Paul François de Quelen de la Vauguyon">
Paul François de Quelen de la Vauguyon

Paul François de Quelen de La Vauguyon or Paul François de Quélen de Stuer de Caussade, duc de La Vauguyon (30 July 1746, Paris – 14 March 1828, Paris) was a French nobleman. He was governor of Cognac, after having been involved in the last campaigns of the Seven Years' War. He wrote a "Portrait de feu monseigneur le Dauphin" and was menin to the future Louis XVI, one of the Dauphin's sons. A peer of France, brigadier, maréchal de camp, knight of the ordre du Saint-Esprit, he was chosen to be minister plenipotentiary to the Estates General of the Dutch Republic. He later became French ambassador to Spain, knight of the Golden Fleece, temporary minister of foreign affairs in 1789, then minister of the conseil d'État of Louis XVIII in Verona. He was the main intermediary among Louis's agents in France, but became the victim of intrigues. From the Restoration onwards he was lieutenant général and sat in the peerage of France, where he was noted for his moderation. He and his wife (dame d'honneur to the comtesse de Provence) had four children, but the Quelen line died out with his children.
Parents.
Vauguyon was descended from an old aristocratic family. His father, Antoine de Quélen de Stuer de Caussade (1706–1772) was the duc de La Vauguyon (1759), prince de Carency, pair de France, Menin to the Dauphin, lieutenant général of the royal armies, governor, first gentleman of the chamber and grand master of the garde-robe to the duke of Burgundy, to the Dauphin and to the counts of Provence and Artois, knight of the ordre du Saint-Esprit and the order of Saint-Louis.
His mother, Marie Françoise de Béthune (1712–1799) was the daughter of the duke of Charost, himself governor to the king's person to Louis XV.
Life.
Before the Revolution (1758-1789).
Paul François is known by his father's living, under the name of the duke of Saint-Mégrin. He entered the public service aged 12 and fought in the last campaigns of the Seven Years' War. After the war he was made governor of Cognac and took advantage of the post to write and have published an elogy of Louis XVI's father, entitled "Portrait de feu monseigneur le Dauphin". His father had been entrusted with the delicate mission of educating the Dauphin's sons on the Dauphin's death, and Paul himself had been menin to the future Louis XVI. He succeeded his father as a peer of France in 1773.
In 1776, on the recommendation of Vergennes, Louis XVI chose La Vauguyon to be France's representative to the Estates General of the Dutch Republic. On his arrival, the Estates were in a sense under the control of the British government - when he left a solemn deputation from the Estates conveyed him their public recognition for his services and gratitude for the :
In 1784, La Vauguyon was made French ambassador to Spain. On 1 January 1784 he was simultaneously made maréchal de camp and a knight of the order of the Holy Spirit, and later also became a knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece. However, his post as Spanish ambassador was soon lost with the onset of the French Revolution.
During the Revolution.
In 1789, La Vauguyon was recalled from Spain by Louis XVI to take possession of the ministry for foreign affairs, as he did on 13 July. He could make the king listen to his advice and found himself under attack from revolutionaries. The Assembly presented new ministers responsible for the events of the 14 July and La Vauguyon gave his resignation on 16 July, having been minister for only three days.
Fearing he would pay for "the short and disastrous honour of his ministry" with his head, he disguised himself as a businessman, took a passport under a false name and fled to Le Havre with his son in the hope of crossing to England. They were both arrested in Le Havre and the case was referred to the National Constituent Assembly on 1 August. After a heated discussion Le Havre received orders to set La Vauguyon free.
The king recalled La Vauguyon to Paris and sent him to Madrid again as ambassador. On 16 May 1790, Charles de Lameth complained that his negotiations were as important as those in the hands of La Vauguyon. Differences had arisen between England and Spain, whose cause may be attributed to La Vauguyon's negotiations by the British minister. He was replaced by Bourgoing on 1 June 1790 but continued to stay in Madrid. The Spanish king granted hospitality to La Vauguyon and his family, granting him properties during the Revolutionary storms and giving his son (the future general La Vauguyon, still a child) a post in the Spanish army.
Around the end of 1795, Louis XVIII summoned Paul François de Quelen de La Vauguyon to Verona to be one of the four ministers that made up his conseil d'État. La Vauguyon followed this prince to Blackembourg. The counter-revolutionary plan to use conciliatory plans and in virtue of which royalists would still accept public posts can be attributed to him, but it proved too soft a plan. La Vauguyon rendered major services to the royal cause during his ministry and was Louis XVIII's main intermediary to his agents in France, notably in the La Ville-Heurnois conspiracy. His time in the conseil d'État ended in February 1797 when, due to courtesans' intrigues, he fell into disgrace with the pretender, who his father had nicknamed "the disingenous". The count of Saint-Priest replaced him. He then stayed for a time in Hamburg before returning to Spain, where he stayed until 1805. In that year he returned to France and lived in retirement until the Bourbon Restoration.
Under the Bourbon Restoration (1814-1828).
Whilst in exile La Vauguyon was promoted to lieutenant général, on 4 June 1814 he was made duke, prince and lieutenant général by a royal decree, with the dukedom made hereditary. He was summoned to sit in the chambre des pairs, where he was of the chief backers for moderation. Lacking ambition, he lived in great simplicity and was received as a member of the société d'instruction élémentaire, several times being elected its president and putting much zeal into spreading mutual education. A doctor's mistake made an intestinal illness fatal, and he died in 1828.
Wife.
On 27 April 1766 Paul François de Quelen de La Vauguyon married Marie-Antoinette Rosalie de Pons de Roquefort (1751–1824), maid of the wardrobe to the comtesse de Provence. According to the "L'almanach de Versailles" of 1790, she was made dame d'honneur to the comtesse de Provence en 1774.
Marie-Antoinette was the daughter of Charles Armand de Pons (1692–1760) and of Rosalie Le Tonnelier de Breteuil (1725–1792), daughter of minister François Victor Le Tonnelier de Breteuil. Her mother married for the second time in 1771 to Louis Armand Constantin de Rohan-Guemené-Montbazon, known as the "prince de Montbazon" (1731-guillotined 23 July 1794).
In his memoirs baronne d’Oberkirch writes that:
She also seems to have been close to Marie-Antoinette and sometimes accompanied her on her nights out at Parisian balls:
Du Barri wrote : "The duchess of La Vauguyon was a lady of the wardrobe. Very serious and grave, she had an imposing and severe air, such was the basis of her character. She had much spirit but hid it for fear of exposing her dignity by showing it and of also compromising the superiority of Madame la comtesse de Provence".
Children.
He and his wife had two sons and two daughters :
Works.
And on his own :

</doc>
<doc id="20528378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528378" title="Frederiksberg">
Frederiksberg

Frederiksberg is de facto a district of the Danish capital Copenhagen, but it is formally a separate town (the Frederiksberg Municipality) in Denmark's Capital City Region (Region Hovedstaden). It occupies an area of less than 9 km2 and had a population of 100,814 in 2012. Frederiksberg is an enclave surrounded by the city of Copenhagen. There is no visible border between Frederiksberg and the other districts of Copenhagen, and the town is informally considered to be a part of Copenhagen. For instance, the Copenhagen Zoo as well as several stations of the Copenhagen Metro (the stations "Forum, Frederiksberg, Fasanvej, Lindevang", and "Flintholm") are located in Frederiksberg. The Copenhagen S-train system also has several stations in Frederiksberg, including "Peter Bangs Vej station" and "Flintholm station".
History.
Frederiksberg's original name was Tulehøj (= Thyle-hill), indicating that a "thul" (= thyle) lived there, the reciter of eldritch times. The term is known from the Snoldelev rune stone. In Beowulf, Unferth holds the same title. In Håvamål, Odin himself is referred to as "the old thul". "Thula" translates as "song", like in the Rigsthula poem from the Edda. By 1443 the name Tulehøj was spelled Tulleshøy. It was regarded as Copenhagen's border to the west. People lived here since the Bronze Age.
The history of Frederiksberg goes back to June 2, 1651 when King Frederik III gave 20 Danish—Dutch peasants the rights to settle at Allégade (= "allé" = tree-lined street, "gade" = street), and founded the town then named ""Ny Amager"" (= New Amager) or ""Ny Hollænderby"" (= New Dutchman-town). Farming was not very successful, and in 1697 most of the town burned down. This meant that the peasants were unable to pay taxes, and the land reverted to the crown by Frederik III's son Christian V.
In 1700-1703, King Frederik IV built a palace on top of the hill known as Valby Bakke ("bakke" = hill). He named the palace "Frederichs Berg", and the rebuilt town at the foot of the hill consequently changed its name to Frederiksberg. A number of the local houses were bought by wealthy citizens of Copenhagen who did not farm the land, but rather used the properties as country houses.
The town changed slowly from a farming community to a merchant town, with craftsmen and merchants. During the summer rooms were offered for rent, and restaurants served food to the people of Copenhagen who had left the cramped city for the open land, and to be near the royals.
Initially the town grew slowly with population growing from 1,000 in 1770, to 1,200 in 1800, and to 3,000 in 1850.
In 1852 Parliament removed restrictions which prohibited permanent construction outside Copenhagen's city walls. Almost immediately numerous residential areas were constructed, starting in the eastern part near Copenhagen, and ending in the western part farthest away from Copenhagen in 1950. This led to rapid population growth; in 1900 the population reached 80,000, and in 1950 the city peaked with a population of 120,000.
Today the city consists almost entirely of 3- to 5-story residential houses, large single-family homes, and large parks; only a few small areas with light industry remain. On aerial pictures Frederiksberg stands out from the surrounding city of Copenhagen as a green area with few large roads. It is considered to be one of Copenhagen's more prestigious areas to live in.
Geography.
Frederiksberg, which lies west of central Copenhagen, is completely surrounded by boroughs forming part of the city of Copenhagen – the result of an expansion of the Copenhagen city boundary in 1901 which nevertheless did not include the town in the list of municipalities to be incorporated in the enlarged area. Frederiksberg is thus effectively a municipal island within the country's capital – a unique phenomenon in present-day Europe. Other than administratively, however, it is largely indistinguishable in character from the districts of Copenhagen city which surround it.
The town has several stations on the Copenhagen Metro system, and is home to the tallest residential structure in Denmark and the second tallest residential building in Scandinavia: the 102-metre high Domus Vista.
Culture.
The Danmark Rundt cycling race traditionally finishes on Fredericksberg Alle, often in a sprint finish.
Education.
Frederiksberg houses the University of Copenhagen Faculty of Life Sciences, Copenhagen Business School, 9 public schools (run by the municipality), 3 private schools, 1 technical college, and more.
Shopping.
The 3 streets "Gammel Kongevej", "Godthåbsvej", and "Falkoner Alle" are the busiest shopping streets. The town also houses the "Frederiksberg Centret" shopping mall.
Demography.
Population of Frederiksberg "(from 1769)":
Transport.
The town is served by the Frederiksberg station and the Fasanvej station, opened in 2003 on the Copenhagen Metro. It serves the M1 and M2 lines and is connected with bus services. Once completed in 2017, the station will also serve M3 (the City Circle Line) providing an interchange between it and the existing Metro lines.
The S-Train urban rail and suburban rail network can be reached through Peter Bangs Vej station, Fuglebakken station and Grøndal station.

</doc>
<doc id="20528383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528383" title="Claude Gilbert">
Claude Gilbert

Claude Gilbert (born 1932) is a former American college football coach. He served as head football coach at San Diego State University from 1973 to 1980, and San Jose State University from 1984 to 1989, compiling a career record of 99 wins, 56 losses and three ties.
After serving as assistant to San Diego State coach Don Coryell for six seasons, Gilbert succeeded him as the Aztecs' head coach in 1973. He compiled a 61–26–2 record and won three conference titles, ranking second in Aztec victories and winning percentage only to Coryell. They finished 10-1 in both 1976 and 1977. 1977 also saw the Aztecs crush Bobby Bowden's Florida State team 41–16, and finish ranked 16th in the nation. During a transition from relying on junior college transfers to recruiting high school students, the Aztecs went 4–8 in 1980 and fired Gilbert in a controversial move.
Gilbert later became head coach at his alma mater, San Jose State, from 1984 to 1989. He compiled a 38–30–1 record with the Spartans, including a pair of consecutive 10–2 seasons in 1986 and 1987. Gilbert was fired from San Jose State following the 1989 season, for the same reason that San Diego State let him go. He won a wrongful termination suit against San Jose State in 1992.
Gilbert returned to San Diego State as defensive coordinator under Ted Tollner in 1995, and oversaw consecutive eight-win seasons, which was not achieved until 2010 and 2011.
Gilbert was inducted into the Aztec Hall of Fame in 2004, and into the Spartan Stadium Ring of Honor in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20528384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528384" title="Dietes grandiflora">
Dietes grandiflora

Dietes grandiflora (large wild iris, fairy iris) is a rhozomatous perennial plant with long, rigid, sword-like green leaves belonging to the Iridaceae family. This species is common in horticulture in its native South Africa, where it is often used in public gardens, beautification of commercial premises and along roadsides.
The blooms are white marked with yellow and violet. Dark markings are found at the base of the outer tepals. These are borne in abundance during summer, especially after rain. Flowers are followed by 5 cm long green capsules that contain very dark brown seeds, these are dispersed when the capsule splits open.
Cultivation.
Plants prefer dappled shade to full sun where they will flower in profusion, though they will grow in shaded areas (with an accompanying loss of flower production). Under favourable conditions, the clumps multiply rapidly. "Dietes grandiflora" are drought and frost hardy, making them popular for en masse plantings.
Environmental weed.
"D. grandiflora" is an environmental weed in parts of Australia, particularly Western Australia, Queensland, and Lord Howe Island.
External References.
Chicago Botanic Garden

</doc>
<doc id="20528385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528385" title="Frederikssund">
Frederikssund

Frederikssund is a Danish town, seat of the Frederikssund Municipality, in the Region Hovedstaden with a population of 15,654 (1 January 2013). It received the status of market town in 1810. The town is famous for its annual Viking Games as well as for the J.F. Willumsen museum. Since 1935, it has been connected to Hornsherred via the Kronprins Frederik Bridge.
History.
There is evidence of communities dating right back to the stone age with a number of burial sites in the area. It seems probable that there was a small settlement at the present location of Frederikssund in the Middle Ages but the development of the town probably began in the 12th century with the construction of a church at what was then known as Ude Sundby or Sundby Færge (Sundby Ferry). Located at a narrow point on Roskilde Fjord, Sundby Færge became the harbour for the nearby market town of Slangerup.
In 1809-10, the status of market town was transferred from Slangerup to Frederikssund, named after King Frederik III. In 1868, a pontoon bridge linking Frederikssund to Hornsherred was opened. This was replaced by today's Kronprins Frederik Bridge in 1935.
Frederikssund's rapid expansion from a small town at the end of the 19th century is due in large part to the railway connection with Ballerup in 1879 which was upgraded to a frequent suburban service to Copenhagen in 1989.
Geography.
Frederikssund is located on the east coast of Roskilde Fjord, about 45 km north-west of Copenhagen, 20 km south of Hillerød and 30 km north of Roskilde. It is less than an hour from Copenhagen by either road or rail. S-trains (suburban commuter trains) leave about once every 10 minutes. Copenhagen Airport can be reached by road or rail in about an hour.
The low hills on which Frederikssund lies are formed of moraines from the last Ice Age. The shallow Roskilde Fjord which separates Frederikssund from Hornsherred originated in the same period.
The fertile land surrounding Frederikssund is used for mixed farming - with an emphasis on cereals, root crops and pigs.
Frederikssund today.
The recent development of the town center and the old commercial harbour have given Frederikssund a new look which reflects its growing popularity as a residential area with connections to Copenhagen and surroundings. It has all the facilities associated with a modern Danish town: museums, a public library, supermarkets, a hospital and sports and recreation centers. With a location facing west over the Roskilde Fjord, it has many footpaths along the shores and up into the higher ground to the east.
The local rail and bus services are well developed.
Culture.
Cultural attractions include the J.F. Willumsens Museum, the Færgegården local history museum at the far end of the bridge over to Hornsherred, and the annual Viking plays held in a large outdoor theatre.
Leisure activities.
Activities range from sailing, rowing, cycling, golfing or gliding to simply sitting out on the main pedestrian street ("gågade").
Sports.
There are several sports clubs and facilities in Frederikssund covering soccer, American football, swimming, basketball, bowling and cycling.

</doc>
<doc id="20528390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528390" title="Office of the Prime Minister (Thailand)">
Office of the Prime Minister (Thailand)

The Office of the Prime Minister (; ; Abrv: OPM) is the central executive agency in the Government of the Kingdom Thailand. It is classified as a Cabinet Department of Thailand and is led by its own Minister. The office main responsibility is to assist the Prime Minister of Thailand in the role of the head of Government and chair of the Cabinet of Thailand.
Function.
As the central executive agency, the Office of the Prime Minister is in charge of the coordination and management of the entire executive branch of the Government of Thailand. Most importantly it assists Prime Ministers in the execution of their duties and helps them manage and formulate many policies. It also acts as the cabinet office; recording and assisting the Cabinet as a central functioning organ of the government. The Prime Minister must appoint a Minister in charge, who is also a member of the Cabinet to oversee its operations. It also houses the offices of the various Deputy Prime Ministers of Thailand.
The Office is housed in the Government House Complex, in Dusit, Bangkok.

</doc>
<doc id="20528392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528392" title="Parc botanique de Cornouaille">
Parc botanique de Cornouaille

The Parc botanique de Cornouaille (4 hectares) is a botanical garden located in Kerlever, Combrit, Finistère, Brittany, France. It is open daily in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.
The garden was established by Jean-Pierre Gueguen in 1981. Today it contains about 3500 plant varieties, with good collections of camelias (550 varieties), rhododendrons (400), magnolias (85), azaleas (80), and hortensias (60). Plantings of interest include "Acer trautvetteri", "Camelia caudata", "Cleyera japonica", "Corylus jacquemontii", "Distylium racemosum", "Embothrium coccineum", "Enkianthus perulatus", "Magnolia rostrata", and "Rhododendron campylocarpum", as well as an aquatic garden (). The park also contains a mineral museum displaying 1200 specimens from the Armorican Massif and elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="20528393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528393" title="Chris Warren (basketball, born 1981)">
Chris Warren (basketball, born 1981)

Christopher Levour "Chris" Warren (born January 19, 1981) is a Panamanian-American professional basketball player for Bnei Herzliya. He is a 1.96 m (6 ft 5 in) tall shooting guard.
College career.
As a junior, Warren averaged 4.1 points per game off the bench for a University of South Carolina team that was the National Invitation Tournament runner up in the 2001–02 season. He increased his numbers the following year reaching 9.6 points per game. His game was not spectacular, but he earned the reputation of a solid defensive player who could also run the floor well and had a good first step. The latter offensive skill would prove to be more than accurate during his career in the Euroleague.
Professional career.
Not being drafted by any NBA team and being unknown in Europe, Warren signed for the 2003–04 season with the Mexican League club Panteras de Aguascalientes and won the Mexican championship. He started the following season with Chilean League club Deportivo Universidad Católica, went back to Panteras de Aguascalientes and in January he played in Portugal four games for Oliveirense. On February 2005 he moved to Serbia and signed with Reflex. After that, he went back again to the Mexican League and played for Mineros de Cananea.
Warren's big opportunity came on February 2006, when he moved to Croatia for traditional powerhouse KK Cibona and played there until the end of the 2007–08 championship. With Cibona he won back to back Croatian Championships and had two great Euroleague seasons, averaging 13.7 and 15.6 points per game. When he moved to Italy for the 2008–09 season to play for Euroleague club Air Avellino, he had already established himself as a very reliable offensive player in the Euroleague.
Panamanian national team.
Warren is a member of the Panama national basketball team and won the bronze medal at the 2003 Centrobasket. He also played at the 2005 FIBA Americas Championship, finishing fifth.

</doc>
<doc id="20528413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528413" title="Electoral district of Queenstown">
Electoral district of Queenstown

The Electoral district of Queenstown was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in the mining town of Queenstown in the West Coast region of Tasmania. Created out of part of the Lyell seat ahead of the 1903 state election, it had historically been part of Montagu (1894–1900) and Electoral district of Cumberland (1856–1894).
The Queenstown seat was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909. Its final member, Benjamin Watkins, who won a by-election on 19 November 1906 at the age of 22, successfully stood for the multi-member seat of Darwin (now known as Braddon) and retained political office for 25 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20528414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528414" title="Nkeka Ukuh">
Nkeka Ukuh

Nkeka Ukuh (born November 20, 1987) is a female track and field athlete from Nigeria. She specialised in the high jump event, and is best known for winning the gold medal for her native West African country at the 2003 All-Africa Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20528437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528437" title="JR Freight Class EF510">
JR Freight Class EF510

The locomotives are Bo-Bo-Bo wheel arrangement multi-voltage AC/DC electric locomotives operated by JR Freight and East Japan Railway Company (JR East) in Japan.
Design.
The design used many components common with the JR Freight Class EF210, and was intended to replace ageing JNR Class EF81 locomotives on freight services operating along the Sea of Japan coastal routes.
Variants.
The class is subdivided into the original EF510-0 sub-class operated by JR Freight and fifteen EF510-500 sub-class locomotives ordered and originally operated on passenger services by JR East. As of 1 October 2013, there were 23 EF510-0 locomotives and 15 EF510-500 locomotives in service.
Class EF510-0.
The first locomotive, EF510-1, was delivered in February 2002 and initially based at Shin-Tsurumi Depot before being transferred to Toyama Depot in 2002.
The first full-production locomotive, EF510-2, was delivered in November 2003, and this and subsequent locomotives delivered featured "Red Thunder" bodyside branding.
Class EF510-500.
The EF510-500 subclass consists of 15 locomotives operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East), which replaced its fleet of EF81 locomotives formerly used to haul "Cassiopeia" and "Hokutosei" overnight sleeping car trains from June 2010. 
These were the first locomotives to be ordered by any of the JR passenger operating companies since privatization. The new locomotives cost around 400 million yen each. The first locomotive, EF510-501, was delivered from the Kawasaki Heavy Industries factory in Hyogo Prefecture on 18 December 2009, arriving at Tabata Depot in Tokyo on 19 December. Livery is blue with gold lining and shooting star logo.
Two of the fifteen locomotives (EF510-509 and EF510-510) are painted in a dedicated colour scheme of silver with blue, purple, red, orange, and yellow stripes, to match the "Cassiopeia" rolling stock.
The first locomotive, EF510-501, entered service on 25 June 2010.
From the start of the revised timetable in March 2013, Joban Line freight duties operated by JR East EF510-500 locomotives were operated by JR Freight Class EH500 locomotives, and locomotive numbers EH510-501 to 508 and 511 became surplus to requirements. These nine locomotives were subsequently sold to JR Freight in July 2013.
Build details.
The delivery dates and liveries for the Class EF510-500 fleet are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="20528439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528439" title="Glostrup">
Glostrup

Glostrup is a Danish town in Region Hovedstaden, forming one of the western suburbs of Copenhagen. It is the administrative seat of Glostrup Municipality, with an estimated population of 21,650 as of 2012.
During the 20th century Glostrup developed from a small railroad town into a modern middle class suburb. The population reached a peak during the 1970s flight from central Copenhagen, but has since stabilized. While most of Copenhagens western suburbs are dominated by public housing projects, Glostrups mix is around the Danish average. A series of large companies, e.g. Grontmijs and Motorolas Danish sections, along with NKT Holding and Pandora are situated in the area. Along with the surrounding municipalities, it forms the center of Copenhagens productive industry. Glostrup Municipality has a total of 21.200 jobs in the privat and public sectors combined.
Glostrup is also home to a series of public offices and institutions, e.g. Københavns Vestegn Police Departement and Glostrup Court covering the western and northern suburbs of Copenhagen. Glostrup Hospital was inaugurated in 1958 and employs 3.200 people.
History.
Early history.
The village of Glostrup was established in the period between around 1000 and 1197 named after its founder Glob. The city is first mentioned between 1186 and 1197 as Glostorp, but it is probably founded at the same time as Glostrup church, erected around 1150. In the following centuries, most of the privately owned land were bought by Roskilde Cathedral and tranferred to the crown after the reformation in 1536.
Sources from 1682 indicates that the soil in the area was quite fertile as the village consisted of eight farms and 13 houses. Most of the smallholders worked for the farmers. 
In 1773 the new main road between Copenhagen and Roskilde was constructed and has since been the main road of the area.
After the railroad.
Around 1850, 275 people lived in Glostrup village, which was dominated by eight major farms. At this time, the railway between Copenhagen and Roskilde, stopping in Glostrup, triggered an explosive development in the last decades of the century. A poorhouse was established in 1862 to accommodate the larger town, followed by a pharmacy in 1864, a new-built school in 1876 and telephone connection in 1886.
Housing.
Glostrup Housing Association was founded in 1943 as a part of the expansion of the Danish capitol and as an answer to the growing housing demand in general. The growing population combined with the already miserable loving conditions in the central city led to a series of national plans to expand the number of housing units. 
While the supporters of the Glostrup Housing Association, predominantly Social Democrats, stressed the need to maintain local control of the expansion plans, oppponents criticised the building of public housing in the municipality.
The largest project of the association was the building of 1,200 housing units in relation to the building of Glostrup Hospital. They were build between 1956 and 1965, ultimately defining Glostrup as a suburb rather than a village. Other large plans included the erection of Avedøre Stationsby (Transferred to Hvidovre Municipality in 1974) and the Hvissinge Plan.
Transport.
Transport in Glostrup has historically been dominated by the railroad station opened on the first Danish railroad in 1847 between Copenhagen and Roskilde. During the expansion of the motorways around Copenhagen in the port-war period Glostrup became a central note in the new transport geography of the larger Copenhagen area.
The railroad station.
While the railroad originally had a halt in Glostrup, a station was built in 1918 to serve the local economy. It was designed by Heinrich Wenck. 
In 1953 the S-train network was expanded to Glostrup.
International relations.
Twin towns – Sister cities.
Glostrup is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="20528450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528450" title="Iglehart">
Iglehart

Iglehart is a historic home at Iglehart, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story Greek Revival-style frame house with a gable roof, built about 1830. Its owner, Leonard Iglehart, served as a commissioner for the primary schools in Anne Arundel County from 1834 until 1838. He was also one of the six original commissioners of the Annapolis and Elk Ridge Railroad, which was incorporated by an act of the Maryland General Assembly in December 1836.
Iglehart was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20528467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528467" title="Via Júlia (Barcelona Metro)">
Via Júlia (Barcelona Metro)

Via Júlia is a Barcelona Metro station, on L4. It opened in 1982 but didn't take its current name until 1999; before then it was known as "Roquetes" (name recently retaken by another station). It's located in the Roquetes area of the Nou Barris district, underneath Via Júlia, an important road in the area, between two streets: carrer de Joaquim Valls and carrer d'Argullós and can be accessed from both sides of the road.

</doc>
<doc id="20528470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528470" title="Electoral district of Zeehan">
Electoral district of Zeehan

The Electoral district of Zeehan was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in the mining town of Zeehan in the West Coast region of Tasmania.
The seat was created in a redistribution ahead of the 1900 state election out of Lyell, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909. Its final member, James Ogden, successfully stood for the multi-member seat of Darwin (now known as Braddon) and retained political office for 13 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20528481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528481" title="Herlev">
Herlev

Herlev is a suburb about 9 km northwest of Copenhagen city center. It is the site of the municipal council of Herlev Municipality, Denmark.
Sports.
Herlev is the hometown of Vancouver Canuck Jannik Hansen.
Herlev is known for its hockey team - The Herlev Hornets.
Attractions.
Herlev Hospital is 120 m in height. It is famous for being Denmark's tallest building, and the fifth tallest hospital in the world. Its modern, functional architecture in bright concrete, glass and bronze-colored aluminum gives a unique impression. Construction began in 1965 and the hospital was finished in 1975. It was opened in 1976.
Also, Herlev has several small, independent museums placed around the city.
Transport.
Herlev station serves the central part of Herlev municipality. Local buses from the bus terminal outside the train station provide connections to remoter areas of the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="20528503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528503" title="Awa Dioum-Ndiaye">
Awa Dioum-Ndiaye

Awa Dioum-Ndiaye (born November 21, 1961) is a retired female track and field athlete from Senegal, who competed in the hurdling, high jump and the heptathlon events during her career in the 1980s. She is best known for winning the gold medal in the women's high jump comtest at the 1987 All-Africa Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20528506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528506" title="Hvidovre">
Hvidovre

Hvidovre is the main town in Hvidovre Municipality, Denmark. The town, a suburb of Copenhagen, is about 10 km southwest of the capital's center. Its name comes from the fact that a white church could be seen in Hvidovre — "hvid" means "white" in Danish. The same naming principle also applies to neighboring Rødovre municipality, where a red church could be seen — "rød" means "red" in Danish.
The city is well known for its football team, Hvidovre IF, where famous Danish football players such as Peter Schmeichel, Kenneth Brylle, and Michael Manniche have played. Stephan Andersen, with a past in Charlton, has played for the club, too. It is also the birthplace of the Liverpool defender Daniel Agger and of Thomas Kahlenberg.
A film-production camp Filmbyen (founded by Lars von Trier and Peter Aalbæk Jensen's company Zentropa) is located in Hvidovre, which has been described as "a peculiar post-industrial filmmaking hub".
References.
Twin city: Rydułtowy

</doc>
<doc id="20528508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528508" title="Indian Range">
Indian Range

Indian Range is a historic home at Davidsonville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is a -story frame hip-roofed Carpenter Gothic style country "villa" with board and batten siding, steeply pitched cross gables, and tall, chamfered chimneys. It was built about 1852.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20528526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528526" title="Barry Smith (ice hockey, born 1952)">
Barry Smith (ice hockey, born 1952)

Barry Smith, (born 21 August 1952 in Buffalo, New York) is an American ice hockey coach. He began his coaching career in 1975 with Elmira College In 1986, Smith began a long career as an assistant and associate coach in the NHL, working with the Buffalo Sabres, Pittsburgh Penguins, Detroit Red Wings, Phoenix Coyotes, Brunflo IK, and Vancouver Canucks, winning five Stanley Cups along the way. Smith also coached five games for the Red Wings in 1998 after head coach Scotty Bowman was unable to start the season behind the bench due to knee surgery. In 2008, he became head coach of SKA St. Petersburg of the Kontinental Hockey League. After being a pro scout for the Chicago Blackhawks, he was the head coach of HC Lugano in Switzerland NLA. He is presently the Blackhawks' Director of Player Development.

</doc>
<doc id="20528533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528533" title="Flowplayer">
Flowplayer

Flowplayer is a streaming video player written in JavaScript and Flash, which can be embedded within web pages. It is a free software project with a GPL 3+ license. Unbranded versions without copyright notices and built-in support for personalized branding are available by commercial license. It can play flash video. Some of the features include a high level of customization possibilities, JavaScript API, plug-in architecture and support for various streaming servers.
Custom branding is included in the commercial version. 
Sources are on GitHub

</doc>
<doc id="20528535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528535" title="Ishøj">
Ishøj

Ishøj is a Danish town with a population of 19,247 (1 January 2013). In the Region Hovedstaden, it is the seat of the Ishøj Municipality,
Geography.
The town is by the coast in the southwestern suburban area of Copenhagen and is part of the city's urban area.

</doc>
<doc id="20528541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528541" title="Dirk Baberowski">
Dirk Baberowski

Dirk Baberowski is one of the most successful professional players. He has won three , tying him in second place with Jon Finkel. Two of those victories were won at team Pro Tours with his teammates of "Phoenix Foundation", Kai Budde and Marco Blume.
In 2008, Barberowski was voted in the . He was inducted during the in Memphis.
Career.
Dirk Baberowski qualified for (PT) Chicago due to a 12th place at Grand Prix Zurich on 31 May 1998. PT Chicago on 25–27 September 1998 featured "--" Rochester Draft. Despite being his first PT appearance Baberowksi managed to win the tournament, drafting a green-white deck, widely considered a horrible color combination in that format.
Other than a 2nd place finish behind team mate Kai Budde at Grand Prix Amsterdam the most of the remaining season consisted of mediocre finishes at professional events. Baberowski managed another 2nd place at the European Championships in Berlin at the end of the season, though. A 63rd place at the in Tokyo sufficed to take home the award.
The only notable finish in the next two PT seasons was a top 8 finish, again at a Pro Tour in Chicago. After that Dirk banded up with Kai Budde and Marco Blume to form the team "Phoenix Foundation". Together they swept back to back team Pro Tours in New York (2001) and Boston (2002), also winning the Osaka team Master in between. The following season Phoenix Foundation managed another final day appearance in Boston (2003). Phoenix Foundation disbanded thereafter with the members quitting professional Magic.
Accomplishments.
Other accomplishments:

</doc>
<doc id="20528542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528542" title="Llucmajor (Barcelona Metro)">
Llucmajor (Barcelona Metro)

Llucmajor is a Barcelona Metro station, on L4.
Part of the extension of that line from Guinardó into Nou Barris opened in 1982, it takes its name from Plaça de Llucmajor, the central square of the district. It's located under Passeig de Verdum, between the streets carrer de Lorena and carrer de Formentor, and can be accessed from that intersection and from Jardins d'Alfàbia.

</doc>
<doc id="20528561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528561" title="Rødovre">
Rødovre

Rødovre is a Danish town, and the seat of the Rødovre Municipality, in the Region Hovedstaden. The town's population in 2009 was 36,228. Rødovre is part of metropolitan Copenhagen.
The town mostly comprises suburban homes in the south and light industrial areas in the north. It has many smaller green areas, including Schweizerdalsparken, and larger areas such as Vestvolden and Damhussøen. There are five public schools in the town, one technical school and a private school.
Every Tuesday, the local newspaper "Rødovre Lokal Nyt" (Rødovre Local News) is delivered by mail to all residents. Radio Rødovre broadcasts on 105.9 FM, and sometimes local TV is broadcast via Kanal København.
There is an Ice Hockey arena, home of Rødovre Mighty Bulls, two smaller football stadiums (home of BK Avarta and BK Rødovre, respectively) and one train station, served by line B of the commuter S-trains. Rødovre Centrum is a shopping mall. Viften - meaning "The Fan" - which besides being a café, is a cinema and a combined concert hall/theatre.
There are also many smaller business districts such as Damhustorvet and Islev Torv
History.
Until 1901, the town was part of the parish of Brønshøj-Rødovre. Vanløse was also part of that parish. In that year, Rødovre was created as independent municipality and Brønshøj was simultaneously annexed by the city of Copenhagen.
Geography.
Rødovre, co-extensive with the territory of its municipality, is in the central-western suburbs of Copenhagen, bordering Frederiksberg to the east, Glostrup to the west, Herlev to the north, and Brøndby and Hvidovre to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20528568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528568" title="Tårnby">
Tårnby

Tårnby is a Danish town, and seat of the Tårnby Municipality, in the Region Hovedstaden.
History.
While there's no clear date for the founding of Tårnby, archeological expeditions prior to the building of the Øresund Bridge suggests that the first traces of Tårnby have originated around the 12th century, around a farm from which the village grew.
In the 15th century the Danish King Christian the 2nd invited Dutch settlers to Amager. Because of this, Tårnby, like the neighbouring city Dragør, also has small traces of Dutch history and culture.
In 1970, Tårnby also became the administrative division of the adjacent city of Kastrup, as part of a larger reform of the Danish counties.
Geography.
The town is situated in the island of Amager, close to Dragør, in the southern suburbs of Copenhagen and is part of the capital's urban area. The terrain is quite flat and doesn't rise more than 8 meters (appr. 26 feet) above sealevel. Tårnby also incorporates the islands of Saltholm and Peberholm, natural and artificial respectively, both situated in the Øresund Strait.
While Tårnby has a history of farming, it has been almost completely urbanised, leaving only small traces of farmland in the southernmost parts. The westernmost part of the municipality, contains Amager Fælled, a protected wildlife and recreational area. As such, the area is primarily used for birdwatching and various recreational activities. However in recent years urban development have limited the area significantly.

</doc>
<doc id="20528572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528572" title="Roodeplaat Dam">
Roodeplaat Dam

Roodeplaat Dam is a concrete arch dam situated on the Pienaars River (also known along parts of its length as the Moretele River and Moreletta Spruit), a tributary of the Crocodile River (Limpopo), which flows northwards into the Limpopo River. The dam is a warm monomictic impoundment with stable thermal stratification during the summer.
Use.
Roodeplaat Dam was originally an irrigation dam, and soon became popular for recreation. Later it became an important source for Magalies Water, a state-owned water board that supplies potable water to a large area north of Pretoria. The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
Water quality.
Roodeplaat Dam's catchment contains a large part of the rapidly expanding : municipality of Tshwane, which includes Pretoria. Two sewage treatment works feed treated effluent to the dam, resulting in highly eutrophic conditions comparable with those experienced in Hartbeespoort Dam. These conditions were already apparent in the mid 1970s and have not improved. Consequences of eutrophication include blooms of algae and cyanobacteria, and dense mats of water hyacinth ("Eichhornia crassipes").
The Department of Water Affairs' Resource Quality Services directorate is housed on the banks of Roodeplaat Dam, near the wall. This section is responsible for national monitoring of the surface water resources of South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20528579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528579" title="Hall/Nimbus Station">
Hall/Nimbus Station

Hall/Nimbus Station is train and bus station on the Westside Express Service (WES) commuter rail line in Beaverton, Oregon, United States. The station is the second southbound stop of the five station, line that runs from Beaverton in the north to Wilsonville on the south in the Portland metropolitan area. At the northern terminus at the Beaverton Transit Center, passengers can connect to MAX Light Rail. Opened in January 2009, the TriMet-owned station includes a 50-car park-and-ride lot and is located near Washington Square along Oregon Route 217.
History.
Plans for a commuter rail line running between Beaverton and Wilsonville began as early as 1996. The Federal Transit Administration authorized the project in 2001, and in 2004 they approved rail line’s construction. Construction on the overall project began in October 2006. Construction on the Hall/Nimbus Station began in 2008, and it was the last station to be built. On September 3, 2008, the public artwork was installed at the still-under-construction station. Originally scheduled to open in the fall of 2008, the line opened in January 2009.
Details.
Hall/Nimbus Station is one of five on the rail line that utilizes Portland and Western Railroad’s freight rail line. WES operates only during the morning and evening commute times from Monday through Friday. This station, located in Beaverton near the Nimbus Corporate Center and the Washington Square mall, and just to the west of Oregon Highway 217, is the second southbound stop. It has 50 parking spaces at its park-and-ride lot, as well as connections to two TriMet bus lines: 76 and 78. For bicyclists, the stop has 10 lockers and 16 rack spaces for securing bikes.
The public artwork at the stop is an interactive sculpture created by Frank Boyden and Brad Rude made of steel and bronze, with blue accents. The sculpture features bronze heads and a U-shaped vehicle designed to represent the train and the variety of people who ride the line. Attached to a large, round flat surface made of stainless steel, the vehicle moves along a track and has an animal figure displayed in a scene atop the piece. Moveable heads on the piece include a pumpkin, blindfolded man, and a blue skull.

</doc>
<doc id="20528581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528581" title="Vallensbæk">
Vallensbæk

Vallensbæk is a Danish town, and seat of the Vallensbæk Municipality, in the Region Hovedstaden. As of 2012 its population was of 14,614.
Geography.
Vallensbæk is a Copenhagen suburb located (only an 18-minute drive from central Copenhagen) by Køge Bugt Strandpark, 16 km in southwest of the internal Copenhagen. It is commonly divided into Vallensbæk Nordmark, Vallensbæk Strand and Vallensbæk Landsby. 
The town borders with Ishøj in west, Brøndby Strand in the east, and Albertslund in the north. 
Vallensbæk is a lengthy and diverse municipality. In the south, it has a beach, S-Train station center and housing. In the middle, it is a village with a church from the Middle Ages. To the north are uniform residential neighborhoods.
Culture and sights.
Vallensbæk Beach.
Vallensbæk Beach has good bathing facilities and a nice marina with small restaurants and maritime atmosphere. There you can really enjoy nature with beautiful walks all year round and swimming in summer.
Vallensbæk Church.
The church was built between 1150-1200. It then consisted of a Romanesque chancel and nave, built in kridtkvadre. The west end of the ship consists of another masonry that has been added so that the nave was extended westward.
The tower was added in the years after the 1500th The porch was renewed by a thorough restoration of the church in 1865.
Other sights.
Close to Vallensbæk is the famous museum Arken - as well as scenic areas with trails for biking, jogging, or walking.
Education.
The town has three schools: Pilehave school (North Field), Vallensbæk school (village) and Egholm School (Beach).

</doc>
<doc id="20528584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528584" title="Linthicum Walks">
Linthicum Walks

Linthicum Walks is a historic home and farm complex at Crofton, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It consists of a 19th-century frame dwelling (part of which may be 18th century), a mid-19th century meathouse, a frame pre-1815 tobacco barn, and a family cemetery dating to the mid 19th century. 
The complex is representative of the vernacular architecture of rural Tidewater Maryland of the late 18th through mid 19th centuries. The tobacco house is especially noteworthy, as one of only three pre-1815 tobacco houses surviving in the county.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20528593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528593" title="List of lords and princes of Carency">
List of lords and princes of Carency

The lordship of Carency belonged to a cadet branch of the House of Bourbon. From the 15th century onwards they were known as princes of Carency, even if their fiefdom does not seem to have been promoted to a princedom. In the 16th century Carency passed to the Escars via the female line.
House of Bourbon-Carency (14th–16th centuries).
"Lord of Carency-en-Artois and of Aubigny-en-Artois"
He was the third son of John I, Count of La Marche, and of Catherine of Vendôme.
In 1416 he married Catherine of Artois (†1420), second daughter of Philip of Artois, count of Eu and of Marie of Berry.
In 1420 he married Jeanne of Vendômois, daughter of Hamelin of Vendômois and of Alix de Bessé, with whom he had :
"Lord of Carency, Aubigny, Rochefort, Buquoy, Lécluse."
He was Lieutenant Général of John II, Duke of Bourbon on his lands, by letters patent given at Moulins on 28 February 1486. Louis XI granted him the goods confiscated from Peter of Bourbon by letters of 20 April 1469. He was still living in 1493. 
In 1442 he married Antoinette de la Tour, widow of Jacques Aubert, lord of Marteil and daughter of Annet II de la Tour, lord of Olliergues and of Elips de Vendat, with whom he had :
""Prince" of Carency, lord of Aubigny, Rochefort, Buquoy, Lécluse, Bougny, Combles, Abret, Vendat, Bains, Saint-Georges and Ternat, Count of La Marche."
On 15 January 1468 he married Didière of Vergy, only daughter and heir of Jean of Vergy, lord of Fouvens and Vinory and of Marguerite de la Rocheguyon, no issue.
On 8 November 1481, he married Antoinette de Chabannes (†1490), daughter of Geoffroy de Chabannes, knight, lord of Charlus and of Charlotte de Prie, no issue.
On 18 April 1493, he married Catherine d’Alègre, daughter of Bertrand d’Alègre, baron of Puysaguet, lord of Busset, baron of Puysagut, Le Temple and Saint-Priest, and of Isabelle de Levy-Cousan, by whom he had :
"Princess of Carency, Aubigny, Combles and Buquoy."
On 22 February 1516 she married François de Peyrusse d'Escars (or des Cars) (†1550), lord of La Vauguyon, councillor, chamberlain, gentleman of the king's chamber to Francis I, with whom she had :
House of Escars (16th century).
""Prince" of Carency, then in 1586 count of La Vauguyon, lord of Abret and Vendat". Knight of the Ordre du Saint-Esprit from 1578.
In 1561 he married Anne de Clermont, daughter of Antoine III count of Clermont, son of Bernardin de Clermont, with whom he had :
"Princess of Carency, countess of La Vauguyon and lady of Abret after her brothers' deaths." 
In 1573 she married Charles Gouyon, count of la Maure, thus moving Carency into the Rochechouart family, who did not use the title. This family was not linked to Carency's promotion to a princedom. Diane and her husband were great grand parents of Madame de Montespan. 
She later married Louis Estuer comte de Saint-Megrin, by whom she had :
At the end of the 18th century the title passed to a Bauffremont via the marriage of one of the daughters of Paul François de Quelen de La Vauguyon.

</doc>
<doc id="20528598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528598" title="Orhan Şam">
Orhan Şam

Orhan Şam (born on 1 June 1986 in Ereğli, Zonguldak Province, Turkey) is a Turkish football player currently playing for Eskişehirspor. He generally plays as a right back but can also play as a centre back.
Career.
His professional football debut for Gençlerbirliği was on 25 May 2003 against Samsunspor. He played on loan contract with Hacettepe in 2005, Mardinspor in 2006 and Hacettepe again between 2006 and 2009. He captained Gençlerbirliği between 2009 and 2011. 
After Şam's successful season in 2010–11, he was transferred to Turkish champions Fenerbahçe for €3.5 on a four-year deal. Orhan get applause for his fight in Fenerbahçe. He played 20 matches in Fenerbahçe.

</doc>
<doc id="20528599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528599" title="Eick">
Eick

Eick may refer to:
It is the surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="20528619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528619" title="Meghan Archer">
Meghan Archer

Meghan Archer (born 9 October 1987 in Devonport, Tasmania) is a female Australian soccer player who formerly played for Melbourne Victory in the W-League.
Meghan Archer began her career in her hometown of Devonport, playing senior soccer at a young age, notably scoring 25 goals for Devonport City as a 16-year-old in the 2004 Northern Premier League. In the same year, Meghan competed for Tasmania in the Under 17 National Championships, where she was identified as one of the players of the tournament, and invited by then NTC coach Harry Chalkitis to train with his squad in Melbourne.
After securing an NTC squad position, Archer relocated to Melbourne in 2005, where she played for Heidelberg United in the Victorian Premier League, making a total of 65 appearances and scoring 19 goals in her first three seasons at the club. In 2005, she appeared for Victoria Vision in what was the final season of the WNSL, scoring 3 goals in 5 games. In 2006, she won the Jane Oakleigh Award for Outstanding Achievement with the NTC, and was called up for training camps with the Young Matildas in 2005 and 2006 respectively. 
Meghan scored the second goal in Heidelberg United's 3-2 victory over Box Hill Inter in the Grand Final of the 2007 Victorian Premier League. She transferred to Ashburton in 2008, but after 4 goals in 7 appearances, returned to Heidelberg United, helping the club to its third successive grand final appearance.
With an impressive record at state league level, Archer was selected in the inaugural Melbourne Victory squad to compete in the newly formed W-League.

</doc>
<doc id="20528626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528626" title="Norman's Retreat">
Norman's Retreat

Norman's Retreat is a historic home and farm complex at Galesville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It consists of an early-19th-century dwelling, three 19th-century outbuildings, and a bath house and gazebo of recent date. The -story house was constructed about 1812 and is of frame construction with a brick gable end.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20528638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528638" title="Guinardó – Hospital de Sant Pau (Barcelona Metro)">
Guinardó – Hospital de Sant Pau (Barcelona Metro)

Guinardó | Hospital de Sant Pau (until 2009 "Guinardó") is a station of the Barcelona Metro, on L4, serving Ronda del Guinardó and Plaça del Guinardó. It opened in 1974. The station is due to become part of double line L9-L10 in the near future.

</doc>
<doc id="20528642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528642" title="Maddalena (opera)">
Maddalena (opera)

Maddalena () is an opera in one act by the Russian composer Sergei Prokofiev, who also wrote the libretto based on a play by Magda Gustavovna Lieven-Orlov under the pen name Baron Lieven. That play was in turn based on Oscar Wilde's play "A Florentine Tragedy.
Origins.
Although Prokofiev had already written four operas (the earliest being "The Giant" which he composed at the age of eight and was written down by the composer's mother), "Maddalena" is the first of his works in this genre to which he gave an opus number (op. 13). The opera was written in the summer of 1911 while Prokofiev was still a student at Saint Petersburg Conservatory and abandoned with only one of its four scenes orchestrated. The plot centres on a torrid love triangle in Venice in the fifteenth century. Prokofiev wrote in his autobiography that 'the action abounded in conflicts, love, treachery and murder' but added that 'Baron Lieven' was 'more charming in appearance than talented in dramaturgy'. It was to wait 70 years for its premiere.
History.
Prokofiev began to orchestrate the opera in 1912, hoping to arrange a performance at the Conservatory. He had shown the piano score to Nikolai Myaskovsky who commented "music is at times startling in its sombre power, the volcanic quality of [Prokofiev's] temperament is astonishing." The Conservatory turned down the opera, according to the composer because the libretto had too many overtones of the symbolist poet Konstantin Balmont rather than because of any musical difficulties.
With the prospect of a theatre production in 1913, Prokofiev revised the music and dedicated the second version to Miaskovsky. However this production fell through, as did a further potential Moscow production in 1916. When Prokofiev left Russia in 1918 he left the manuscript in the care of his Moscow publishing house, and thereafter it was put to theback of his mind, although Miaskovsky wrote to him in Paris in 1924 to ask about it. Possibly this motivated him to collect the score when he visited Russia in 1927 to hear the Moscow production of his "Love for Three Oranges". When Prokofiev finally returned to Russia permanently in 1936, the score was left behind in Paris. It finally found its way to the publishers Boosey & Hawkes in London in 1960. The composer's widow, Lina Prokofiev, who was established as being the rightful owner of the manuscript, asked the English musician Edward Downes to create a performing version. Originally this was to have been premiered by the Opera Theatre of Saint Louis in 1980, but because of contractual problems, following "Maddalena"'s premiere in a studio recording broadcast by BBC Radio 3 on 25 March 1979 with Jill Gomez in the title role., its first staging was at the Graz Opera, Austria, on 28 November 1981, conducted by Downes. The American premiere, using a re-scored version by Downes, was given by the Saint Louis company on 9 June 1982, conducted by Bruce Ferden.
Synopsis.
Maddalena is married to the artist Genaro, but is having an affair (in disguise) with Genaro's friend, the alchemist Stenio. Stenio tells Genaro of the mysterious woman who has seduced him, and then recognises Maddalena as his seductress. Initially both men turn on Maddalena but she encourages them to fight each other; Genaro kills Stenio, but is wounded himself in the process. As he dies he invites Maddalena to kill herself. She however speculates which, if either, of the two corpses she really loved. Then she rushes to the window and calls out for help, claiming a stranger has killed her husband.
Reception.
Although, in a 1979 "Radio Times" article, Rita McAllister called the piece 'substantial and stage-worthy' and praised its Straussian qualities, the critic Jeffrey Joseph wrote 'there is scarcely any plot to speak of [...]This is a most accomplished piece for a twenty year old it is a bundle of effects tacked onto an arbitrary and therefore rather unpleasant tale'.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="20528646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528646" title="The Roses of the Desert">
The Roses of the Desert

The Roses of the Desert () is an Italian film released in 2006. It was directed by Mario Monicelli and was loosely inspired by the romance "Il deserto della Libia" of Mario Tobino. 
Plot.
In World War II a group of Italian soldiers is sent to Egypt to provide assistance to the local population. The military, however, should expect other directives from the Duce Benito Mussolini but completely lose contact with the Italy. So the members of the brigade, including some very curious and picturesque as the Captain who loves poetry to stay closer to his wife away, you ambientano with the local customs and forget their duty as soldiers. Soon, however, the war draws everyone and soldiers, along with a brother missionary-talking very loose (Michele Placido) walks through the desert with a troop of Germans. Soon they begin hostilities and the soldiers take up arms, but something has changed and they begin to think that war is a useless thing when we could live in oblivion in a land so beautiful and rich in culture. However, the Warriors do not have much time to think because their Captain, the only hold reference became mad because he discovered that his wife died recently betrayed him, he met his death by jumping stupidly against weapons of some Bedouin.

</doc>
<doc id="20528676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528676" title="Epsilon-Amanitin">
Epsilon-Amanitin

"epsilon"-Amanitin or ε-amanitin is a Cyclic peptide. It is an amatoxin, all of which are found in several members of the "Amanita" genus of mushrooms. The oral of ε-amanitin is approximately 0.1 mg/kg.
Toxicology.
Like other amatoxins, ε-amanitin an inhibitor of RNA polymerase II. Upon ingestion, it binds to the RNA polymerase II enzyme which completely prevents mRNA synthesis, effectively causing cytolysis of hepatocytes (liver cells) and kidney cells.

</doc>
<doc id="20528678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528678" title="Philip Hartog">
Philip Hartog

Sir Philip Joseph Hartog, KBE, CIE, (2 March 1864 - 27 June 1947) was a British chemist and educationalist who undertook this role in England and in India.
Biography.
Philip Joseph Hartog was born in London on March 2, 1864, the third son of Alfonse Hartog, and the younger brother of Numa and Marcus Hartog. He was educated at University College School, the Universities of Paris and Heidelberg, and the Collège de France. In 1889 he went to Owens College, Manchester, as Bishop Berkeley Scholar. He edited a history and description of the college (1900), and both there and at the Victoria University he was an assistant lecturer in chemistry. It seemed at that time that this branch of science would claim him.
At Manchester, however, he was being drawn to university administration. He was secretary to the Victoria University Extension Scheme, a member of the Court, and in 1902-03 secretary to the Alfred Moseley Commission of Educational Inquiry. In the latter year he was appointed Academic Registrar to the University of London, and held that office with great efficiency for 17 years. In 1907 came his influential "Writing of English", attacking the school "essay." An outstanding service to the University, the Empire, and the Eastern world in general was his large share in the creation in the middle of the 1914-18 war of the School of Oriental Studies, to which the name "African" was added later. His keen and helpful interest was maintained until his last working days.
Hartog was a member of the commission under the late Sir Michael Sadler on Calcutta University which was appointed in 1917 and issued a voluminous report in 1919. Far-reaching reforms in most of the Indian universities followed, and Calcutta was shorn of a part of its vast jurisdiction by the creation in 1920 of the University of Dhaka as a residential teaching foundation and Hartog was made its first vice-chancellor. Both at Dhaka and later in their Kensington home he had the cooperation of his wife Mabel Hélène, daughter of Mr. H. J. Kisch (they were married in 1915, and three sons ensued).
On the creation of the Indian Public Service Commission in 1926 Hartog was appointed a member, and served until permitted to retire on family grounds in 1930. When the Indian Statutory Commission was set up in 1928 under Sir John (later Lord) Simon, Hartog was appointed chairman of the Auxiliary Committee on Education. The report greatly assisted the presentation of facts and conclusions by the main body, and is the most authoritative survey of the subject of our time. Hartog received the honours of the Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire and Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire in the year of his retirement in reward for his services.
On settling in London Hartog devoted much time and thought to the place of examinations in the education system. As early as 1911, and again in 1918, he had written treatises on examinations in their bearing on national efficiency and on culture and general efficiency. He was the dominant figure in an inquiry on an international scale undertaken in 1932. This resulted in the issue in 1935 of "An Examination of Examinations". In this exposure of haphazard methods and plans for reform he had the collaboration of Dr. E. C. Rhodes and also, in a subsequent book, "The Marks of Examiners", of Dr. Rhodes and of Mr. Cyril Burt. Deeply impressed by his experience of the need for systematic education research, he obtained from the Leverhulme Trust in 1940 a grant of £2,000 to the University of London Institute of Education for this purpose. The organization thereby set up was renamed in 1945 the National Foundation for Educational Research in England and Wales, and in 1947 it applied for a royal charter. Hartog was also the prime mover in the setting up by the Ministry of Labour and National Service before the outbreak of war in 1939 of a Linguistic Committee of the Appointments Registry, and he was its first chairman. In 1933 Hartog wrote, under the authority of the London Institute of Education his valuable study, "Some Aspects of Indian Education, Past and Present." He continued his activities well into his ninth decade, and one of the last of his books, "Words in Action," was published in 1945.
Amid all these labours Hartog was through life a keen helper of his own community. At the end of 1933 he went to Palestine as chairman of the Committee of Inquiry on the organization of the Hebrew University, and subsequently he was president of the Friends in Britain of the university. He did much other work for the Jewish People.
In his obituary it states, "Few educationists still working as did in octogenarian years could look back on so varied, strenuous, and fruitful a career as his. He left an enduring mark on educational thought and practice, not only in India but in this county and the Dominions." Sir Philip Hartog, died at a nursing home in London at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="20528687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528687" title="Iranian labor law">
Iranian labor law

Iranian labor law describes the rules of employment in Iran. As a still developing country, with an authoritarian government, Iran is considerably behind by international standards. It has failed to ratify the two basic Conventions of the International Labor Organization on freedom of association and collective bargaining, and one on abolition of child labor. Countries such as the US and India have also failed to ratify many of these Conventions and a mere 14 other Conventions, only 2 since the Islamic Revolution.
The basic sources of Iranian labor law are,
History.
The first constitution of Iran, passed in 1906, granted basic rights to the people of Persia through articles eight to twenty five, establishing equality before the law for everyone, and the right to form and join societies (anjumans) and associations (ijtimá'át). The Parliament (Majlis) and the Senate waited 16 years to pass the Civic Servants Employment Act of 1922. It gave protection to laborers and Civic servants. In 1923, the governor of Sistan and Baluchestan ordered a decree in nine articles to protect carpet makers’ rights, including working hours, leaves, and minimum age. It was the first national document of labor rights. In 1928, Parliament passed the Civil Law (Ghanon-e Madanei) which addressed employment contracts. This law divides the employer and employee relations into two categories by benchmarking the French Law. Independent contractors (e.g. carpenters, doctors, lawyers, and plumbers) who control their own work are accountable for their profit and lost. Next, servants who are being paid by an employer to perform specific tasks, but do not have full control of their work and act upon the employer’s instructions and orders.
In 1936, the cabinet issued regulations on minimum hygiene conditions in factories, which was the first attempt to regulate employer-employee relationships. On May 18, 1946, the Council of Ministers passed the labor bill. The first labor minister was appointed that same year which improved the systematization of labor relations and personnel management. Yet, the working conditions, despite the legislation, were entirely at the whim of enterprise owners because the laws were not enforced and the Labor Ministry was weak. Employers could do virtually as they wished with no consequences and they barred formation of labor unions. 
In 1951, a committee was appointed by the ministry of labor to translate various countries labor laws and the international ILO Conventions to Persian in order to do a comparative study and draft a labor law. This effort did not lead to proposal of labor law. Then, from 1952 to 1957, various committees established by the ministry of labor and foreign consultants including a Belgian consultant and general secretary of the Middle East labor institute were invited to finalize the draft of labor law, which finally in 1959 voted and passed by the Parliament "Majils". This law was practiced until 1990.
The next phase of labor legislation began with the Shah’s "White Revolution" "Enghlab Sefied" in 1962. It provided generous welfare and social improvements, such as profit sharing, employee stock ownership plans, company housing, minimum wage, and an improved Social Security Act. All were paid for with revenue from high oil prices. Nevertheless, many private sector owners opposed the new initiatives that infringed on their power. New personnel practices were introduced, including payroll administration with time management, job descriptions, job classifications and evaluations, and organizational hierarchies, mainly in large companies and government-run industries. In the 1960s, progressive private sector entrepreneurs, such as the Ladjevardi family in the Behshar Industrial group, introduced job classifications; personnel policies and procedures, and automated payroll systems following the recommendations of the Iranian National Oil Company’s foreign advisors.
After the revolution.
Following the Islamic revolution and the new constitution, this enchanted many with idealistic promises. The new constitution addressed work and labor topics in eleven areas through various articles summarized as the following:
A new era of labor legislation, shaped after the new Islamic constitution, recognized progress had occurred following the establishment of the first Islamic Workers Council or (Shora-e Islami Karagaran). This provided workers rights similar to those of European workers, but under the umbrella of Islam. 
During the first two decades of the revolution, the Workers Council influenced many of the personnel management tasks including recruitments, selection, promotion, job evaluation, salary structure, productivity bonus, health and safety and many more tasks (even providing employees with a daily milk and food ration). Added to these were establishing and operating factory grocery stores and housing cooperatives. Ironically, many of these tasks became official ink of the 1990 Islamic Republic of Iran Labor law. 
The end of the Iran-Iraq war marked the start of economic liberation, as well as, a gain of the reformists in Parliament. In this period, a new private sector emerged, challenging the utopian labor laws and regulations. With this, the 1990 labor law was pro-labor and expensive to administer. Management had to seat labor representatives on the company’s board of directors, which was unprecedented in the traditional management style of Iranian private sector, in addition to enforcement many welfare and mandatory benefit. 
The first dent in the labor law came about with the introduction of temporary employment contracts that allowed employers to hire employees under a one-year contract with the ability to be reissued year after year after a settlement of the annual "end of services" benefit. The Ministry of Labor issued a communiqué in March 1994 stating that employment under the "fixed terms" contracts was legal.
The government created an ambitious development plan aimed at liberalizing and boosting the economy overnight. The plan contributed in creating a passive labor law. Then, in 2004, the reformists in the Sixth Parliament and the conservatives in the Guardian Council succeeded in reaching an agreement to amend the Labor Law to exempt firms with five or fewer workers from some of its provisions. This provided small entrepreneurs with more freedom in their employment practices.
Finally, in 2006, in response to growing pressures from the private sector for labor law reform, the Ministry of Labor drafted an amendment to deconstruct the "free market". A new law is under consideration based on these amendments.
Labor law.
There is a minimum national wage applicable to each sector of activity fixed by the Supreme Labor Council which is revised annually. In 2010 the minimum wage, determined by the Supreme Labor Council, was about US$303 per month (US$3,636 per year). Membership in the social security system for all employees is compulsory. The national poverty line for Tehran in the year ending March 20, 2008 was $9,612 per year and the national average was $4,932.
Although Iranian workers have, in theory, a right to form labor unions, there is, in actuality, no union system in the country. Workers are represented ostensibly by the Workers' House, a state-sponsored institution that nevertheless attempts to challenge some state policies. Guild unions operate locally in most areas but are limited largely to issuing credentials and licenses. The right of workers to strike is generally not respected by the state, and since 1979 strikes have often been met by police action.
The comprehensive Labor Law covers all labor relations in Iran, including hiring of local and foreign staff. The Labor Law provides a very broad and inclusive definition of the individuals it covers, and written, oral, temporary and indefinite employment contracts are all recognized.
The Iranian Labor Law is very employee-friendly and makes it extremely difficult to layoff staff. Employing personnel on consecutive six-month contracts is illegal, as is dismissing staff without proof of a serious offense. Labor disputes are settled by a special labor council, which usually rules in favor of the employee.
The Labor Law provides the minimum standards an employer must adhere to when forming an employment relationship. The minimum age for workers in Iran is 15 years, but large sectors of the economy (including small businesses, agricultural concerns, and family-owned enterprises) are exempted.
Provisions of employment contract.
To have a valid contract concluded under the Law, the following provisions must be included:
The employer may require the employee to be subject to a probationary period. However, the probation time may not exceed one month for unskilled workers and three months for skilled and professional workers. During the probation period, either party may immediately terminate the employment relationship without cause or payment of severance pay. The only caveat being that if the employer terminates the relationship, he must pay the employee for the entire duration of the probation period.
Suspension of employment contract.
The fact that the employment contract can be suspended by an employee under certain conditions presents yet another challenge to employers. What this allows is suspension of the employment contract under the following conditions:
Once the conditions giving rise to the suspension of the contract are removed, the employer must allow for return of the employee to work. If the position is filled or eliminated, the employer is obligated to provide a similar position for the employee. Failure to do the above is considered wrongful discharge and subject to legal action.
Termination of employment contract.
The Law allows for termination of the employment contract only under the following instances:
The employer is bound to pay benefits under all of the above scenarios according to the years of service.
Dismissal of an employee.
An employee may only be dismissed upon approval of the Islamic Labor Council or the Labor Discretionary Board. Grounds for dismissal include an employee's neglect in carrying out his/her duties or violation of disciplinary by-laws of the employer. The employer must have provided written prior notice of the employee's violations. If the board is not convinced that the employee's dismissal is justified, the employer must reinstate the employee. Once an employee is dismissed, the employer is obligated to provide the legal severance package.
Severance & termination benefits.
The Law mandates the following compensation for terminated, disabled and suspended employee:
Working hours & overtime.
The workweek in Iran is based on a 44-hour week. Typically, employees work Saturday through Wednesday (8 hours per day) and a half a day on Thursday (4 hours). Any hours worked beyond these will entitle the employee to overtime. The Law mandates a payment of 40% above the hourly wage to employees for any accrued overtime. The employee must consent to overtime work.
Holidays & leave.
Employees are entitled to leave on all official state holidays (approximately 22 days a year) and "Fridays". Any employee working during these holidays will be entitled to overtime pay. Additionally, employees are entitled to one-month holiday per annum. The annual leave for those employees engaged in hard and hazardous employment shall be five weeks per annum. Employees are entitled to save up to 9 days of their annual leave.
In case of termination, disability or redundancies, employees must be compensated for any accrued leave. Finally, employees are entitled to 3 days of paid vacation for marriage or death of a spouse, father, mother or child.
Maternity leave.
Women employees are entitled to 90 days of maternity leave. The employee's salary during maternity leave will be paid according to the provisions of the Social Security Act. Maternity leave must be considered part of an employee's service record. Employers must provide returning employees with the same position.
Employment of foreign nationals.
The Law forbids employment of foreign nationals without a proper work permit. Diplomats, United Nations employees and foreign press reporters are exempt from this requirement. A work permit to a foreign national will be issued only if the following conditions are met:
Work permits will be issued, renewed or extended for a maximum period of one year. Moreover, no exit visa will be granted to the foreign national unless the national has paid all due taxes, duties, etc.
Exemption.
A very recent law provides that workshops with less than five employees will not be subject to the labor laws.
Health care.
The Iranian constitution entitles Iranians to basic health care, and most receive subsidized prescription drugs and vaccination programs. An extensive network of public clinics offers basic care at low cost, and general and specialty hospitals operated by the Ministry of Health provide higher levels of care. In most large cities, well-to-do persons use private clinics and hospitals that charge high fees. Specialized medical facilities are concentrated in urban areas, but rural communities have relatively good access to primary care physicians at clinics in villages, where the government-sponsored primary health care system has raised the level of health education and prenatal care since the late 1990s.
Social protection.
Iran has a comprehensive social protection system with some 28 social insurance, social assistance, and disaster relief programs benefiting large segments of the population. These programs include training and job-search assistance, health and unemployment insurance, disability, old-age and survivorship pensions, and in kind- or in-kind transfers including subsidies (e.g., housing, food, energy), rehabilitation and other social services (e.g. long-term care services for the elderly), and even marriage and burial assistance.
Despite significant achievements in human development and poverty reduction, serious challenges to growth call for reform. While labor-market pressures continue to increase because of demographic dynamics and increased participation of women in the labor force, Iran’s economy is still unable to generate enough needed jobs to absorb the new flows into the labor market and at the same time reduce unemployment extensively.
In addition to income tax, employers are required to contribute to the State Social Security Fund and the Employment Fund. For social security and unemployment insurance, the employee pays 7% of salary (between the ages of 18-65), employer (20 to 23%), the State (3%). Independent workers pay 12-18%, depending on the type of coverage sought. In 2003 the minimum standard pension was 50 percent of the worker’s earnings but not less than the amount of the minimum wage.
The social security makes it possible to ensure the employees against unemployment, the disease, old age (retirement pension), the occupational accidents. Iran did not legislate in favour of a universal social protection, but in 1996, the Center of the statistics of Iran estimates that more than 73% of the Iranian population is covered by a Social Security. The Organization of the social security, managed by the Ministry of social protection, delivers also family benefits and of maternity under certain conditions. Iran spent 22.5 percent of its 2003 national budget on social welfare programs. More than 50 percent of that amount covered pensions.
Welfare programs for the needy are managed by more than 30 individual public agencies and semi-state organizations called Bonyad, as well as by several private non-governmental organizations. In 2003 the government began to consolidate its welfare organizations in an effort to eliminate redundancy and inefficiency.
References.
by Author, Teheran, Iran: Ketab Kaneh Kanj Danesh

</doc>
<doc id="20528695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528695" title="Pam Hogg">
Pam Hogg

Pam Hogg is a fashion designer from the United Kingdom. 
Early career.
Hogg had a meteoric rise to fame after her studies of Fine Art and Printed Textiles at the Glasgow School of Art, where she won the Newbury Medal of Distinction, the Frank Warner Memorial Medal, the Leverhulme Scholarship and the Royal Society of Arts Bursary, which subsequently took her on to further study at the Royal College of Art in London, where she gained her Masters of Art degree.
She joined her first band ‘Rubbish’ at the end of the seventies regularly supporting The Pogues in their infancy.
1980s.
Pam Hogg launched her first fashion collection in 1981. She was, along with Bodymap, one of the new wave of designers who emerged at the beginning of the 1980s in London. Hogg first sold out of Hyper Hyper in London's Kensington and later from her own shop in Newburgh Street always refusing to ‘sell out’ to the mainstream fashion industry.
Mid eighties, still fueled by the excitement and freedom of Punk and The Blitz, Hogg infiltrated the elitist ranks of the conventional fashion world with her self-taught wild brand of outrageous creations , establishing a highly respected fashion career and continued success with her internationally renowned shop in the heart of London’s Soho.
Her collections were always inventively named, from 1981’s Psychedelic Jungle to 1989’s Warrior Queen and including ‘Best Dressed Chicken in Town’, ‘And God Created Woman’ and ‘Wild Wild Women of the West’.
Pam opened her first outlet in 1984 at Hyper Hyper in Kensington High Street and is the name behind the style of Ian Astbury of The Cult, Paula Yates, Marie Helvin, Siouxsie Sioux and the iconic Debbie Harry of Blondie. 
She had a minor hit with Britain's first Acid House band The Garden Of Eden, with Kiss FM DJ Steve Jackson, vocalist Angela McCluskey and record producer Mark Tinley.
Her one man show at the Kelvingrove Art Galleries in 1990 was the first fashion design exhibition to be held in the grand Glasgow Museum and claimed one of the highest public attendances.
1990s.
In 1991, Terry Wogan introduced her onto his TV show as “one of the most original, inventive, creative designers in Britain” adding, “She has reached what is called Cult Status”.
In the same year she made a brief appearance on stage in Nashville with industrial noise band Pigface reaffirmed her love of performing, resulting in her shifting focus back to writing music full-time.
Unexpectedly landing the support act with Debbie Harry in 1993, she formed new band ‘Doll’ in five days, and in 1994 with the band firmly established, opened for the post punk band The Raincoats.
2000s.
Between 1999 and 2001 her continued love of designing and making clothes resulted in two catwalk collections and her first Fashion Film “Accelerator” starring Anita Pallenberg, Bobby Gillespie and Patti Palladin. She also clinched cameo roles from Daryl Hannah, David Soul and Primal Scream towards the end of 2002, having discovered a latent talent for script writing and directing.
In 2003 Hogg was approached by Jarvis Cocker collaborator Jason Buckle to form a “Cramps like band” which would become known as Hoggdoll. Using his swamp like Rockabilly sounds as a backdrop she wrote and recorded 6 tracks in as many weeks and built up an underground following across the globe . Her unexpectedly tender song 'Honeyland' touched a nerve and eventually surfaced on The Berlin Based Art Riot band Chicks on Speed 'Girlmonster' compilation in 2006.
Inspired by Siouxsie Sioux’s Japanese concept, she designed the costumes for the Ice Queen of Punk’s 2004 world tour ‘Dreamshow’.
In 2006, the Spanish curator Xavier Arakistain invited Pam to exhibit in the traveling Art exhibition “Switch on the Power” alongside Yoko Ono, Leigh Bowery, Warhol and Kraftwerk.
This allowed her to return to the video medium, producing and directing two promos incorporating her clothes and music. She cast a host of friends including Siouxsie Sioux and Alison Mosshart from the Kills to appear alongside her in the new twin collections inspired by shiny metals and reflective surfaces. The resulting videos 'Opal Eyes' and 'Electricman' were viewed by a whole new unexpected audience via YouTube and Myspace as well as the exhibition itself. This direct access and exposure regenerated a newfound interest in Pam's work and pushed the cat suit back into the spotlight resulting in media attention from magazines including Vogue and ID.
In 2007, Kylie Minogue appeared in Pam's black mesh metal studded cat suit in her 2 Hearts Video, and Siouxsie Sioux wore numerous distinctive Pam Hogg signature cat suits throughout her 2008 tour and appearance on Later with Jools Holland. During the show, Pam was interviewed and announced her imminent return to fashion. 
In October 2008, the prestigious Fashion store Browns of South Molton St London, was the first to stock the new Hogg-Couture collection. She was further asked to dress their windows for Halloween, an honour rarely given to one designer .
Pam Hogg's collections have since been worn by an entire new generation of celebrities including Lady Gaga, Jessie J, Kelly Rowland, Tyra Banks, Alice Dellal, Jamie Winstone, Rihanna, Daisy Lowe, Lily Allen, Peaches Geldof, Naomi Campbell and Claudia Schiffer. In February 2011 Kate Moss, the day after London Fashion Week wore a Hogg black leather dress to the NME Awards on the same night as Alison Mosshart, wearing a Pam Hogg fur coat, picked up the prize for Hottest Woman.

</doc>
<doc id="20528702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528702" title="Christian Baumeister">
Christian Baumeister

Christian Baumeister (born 24 December 1971 in Münster) is a German cinematographer and director focusing on nature and wildlife productions, in association with broadcasters such as ARD, ZDF, BBC, ARTE, ORF, Discovery Channel and the National Geographic Channel.
Career.
Baumeister studied biology in his native Germany and wildlife filmmaking in the United Kingdom. His previous projects took him to Europe, Asia, Africa and South America.
In 2001 he established his own production company, Light & Shadow, now operating offices in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and Münster, Germany. For the past seven years, Baumeister has garnered international acclaim for his wildlife films, from audiences and critics around the world. His first film, "Viva Vicuña", shot in the Andean altiplano, features animal behavior never seen on film before. Baumeister's second film, "Wild Rio", showcases the colorful wildlife and culture of Rio de Janeiro. "The Falls of Iguaçu" uses all-HD technology in the first comprehensive portrayal of the World Heritage Site Iguaçu Falls. In 2005, Baumeister toured China with piano prodigy Lang Lang, as director of photography for "Dragon Songs", the first DVD for the career of the world-famous Chinese star. In 2008, Baumeister directed a one-hour HD program on Kamchatka, in the Siberian Far East, one of the Earth’s last great wildernesses. Currently, he is producing "Amazon Alive", a three-part series about the beauty of Amazonia.

</doc>
<doc id="20528714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528714" title="Clodagh Simonds">
Clodagh Simonds

Clodagh Simonds (English pronunciation: Clo-da) Clodagh; (born May 16, 1953), is an Irish musician, songwriter and singer. She was born in Banbridge, County Down, Northern Ireland and raised and educated in Killiney, County Dublin.
Biography.
At the age of eleven, she formed her first band, Mellow Candle, with two schoolfriends, Alison Bools (later Williams, later O'Donnell) and Maria White. They released their first single, "Feelin' High", on SNB Records in 1968, when she was 15. Three years later, and with an expanded lineup, Mellow Candle released their only album, "Swaddling Songs", which made little or no impact beyond Ireland until around twenty-five years later. The group disbanded in 1973. Between 1972 and 1975 she guested on Thin Lizzy's second album, "Shades of a Blue Orphanage", and two Mike Oldfield albums, "Hergest Ridge" and "Ommadawn", helping Oldfield to coin the title of the latter, she also appears on his "Amarok" album; Oldfield's 1990 spiritual sequel to "Ommadawn". Between 1976 and 1986 she lived in New York where she worked in a band with Carter Burwell and Stephen Bray, as well as writing music for two theatre productions at La MaMa ETC, and occasionally working for Virgin Records. 
Working within the recording industry had a negative impact on her career aims, and subsequently she resumed her long-abandoned studies of piano, and began studying music of other cultures. In 1992, Simonds relocated from London to West Cork in order to focus on writing music, and in 1996 "Six Elementary Songs" was released on the Tokyo-based label Evangel Records. This mini-album was produced by Tom Newman. That same year, "Virgin Prophet" was released by UK label Kissing Spell, consisting mostly of recordings for Deram by a pre-drums lineup of Mellow Candle. It also featured two even earlier solo demos, written and recorded by Simonds at the age of 16.
Twenty-five years or so after the release of the Mellow Candle album, interest in the band reawakened, starting in Japan, and the album has now been re-released several times, attaining cult status. One of Simonds' songs, "Silversong", was covered by All About Eve in 1988, and another, "Poet and the Witch", was covered by Stephen Malkmus in 1998. In 1999, she sang a version of the Syd Barrett/James Joyce song "Golden Hair" for Russell Mills' album "Pearl & Umbra". Between 2005 and 2007, under the name Fovea Hex, she released 3 EPs, collectively entitled Neither Speak Nor Remain Silent, featuring Michael Begg, Carter Burwell, John Contreras, Roger Doyle, Brian Eno, Roger Eno, Robert Fripp, Percy Jones, Cora Venus Lunny, Donal Lunny, Andrew M. McKenzie of The Hafler Trio, Sarah McQuaid, Hugh O'Neill, Colin Potter of Nurse with Wound, Geoff Sample, Lydia Sasse, Laura Sheeran, and Steven Wilson. Each EP was available in a special edition that included an additional disc, containing an extensive re-working of that EP's material by The Hafler Trio.
As a performing unit, Fovea Hex usually consists of Clodagh Simonds, Laura Sheeran, Cora Venus Lunny, Michael Begg and Colin Potter, with either Julia Kent, Kate Ellis or John Contreras on cello. In May 2007 Fovea Hex performed at the invitation of David Lynch at the Fondation Cartier in Paris, as part of his The Air Is On Fire retrospective exhibition. Having also performed in Austria, Spain and Italy in 2007 and 2008, Fovea Hex made their debut Irish performance at the Electric Picnic festival in Stradbally, Co. Laois, in August 2008.
Clodagh Simonds presently lives in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="20528742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528742" title="Safta Jaffery">
Safta Jaffery

Safta Jaffery is the founder and owner of one of the first producer management companies in the United Kingdom called SJP/Dodgy Productions. The company's producers have produced albums for artists such as Radiohead, The Stone Roses, Roger Waters, Rolling Stones, Razorlight, Supergrass, Coldplay and The Cure, among others. They have amassed over 150 certified platinum, gold and silver sales awards all across the globe. Jaffery is also the co-owner and managing director of the music publishing company Taste Music, Ltd. and the artist management company (and former record label) Taste Media, Ltd. Taste Media has managed and produced a number of high profile artists, most notably discovering, and representing the rock band Muse.
Early years and education.
Jaffery started his career in the late 1970s and early 1980s working in the A&R departments for Dick James Music, Decca Records, MAM Records and Magnet Records. In 1985, Jaffery set up the producer management company SJP/Dodgy Productions. The original roster included John Leckie (Stone Roses, Radiohead), Mark Dodson (The Who, Anthrax), Pete Hammond (New Musik/Latin Quarter) and Chris Cameron (Hot Chocalate, George Michael). Other producer clients added in the 1990s included Michael Brauer (Coldplay/The Kooks), Ian Caple (Tricky/Tindersticks), David M. Allen (The Cure/The Charlatans), Chris Kimsey (Rolling Stones/INXS), Mark Plati (Prince/David Bowie), Chris Allison (Wedding Present/Shack), Tony Mansfield (B52's/Aha) and Nick Griffiths (Roger Waters/Pink Floyd).
Present clients include John Leckie, Ron Saint Germain (311, Tool, Bad Brains), Laurie Latham (Stereophonics/Jools Holland), Chris Brown (Beatles Anthologies/Starsailor). These producers have amassed over 150 certified platinum, gold and silver sales awards.
In 1994, Jaffery was asked by the Yamaha Music Foundation, a Japanese music production company, to assist them in widening the appeal of the Japanese group Chage & Aska outside of the Pacific Rim. The group had sold 45 million albums in their region, but had not been successful yet elsewhere. Jaffery devised the concept of the international collaboration featuring western pop stars recording the songs of Chage & Aska. After meeting with heads of major record companies in Los Angeles, Jaffery secured fifteen major international artists to record the album, and was awarded the title "International Executive Producer" to produce it. The resulting album entitled "One Voice" featured the artists Lisa Stansfield, Apache Indian, Michael Hutchence (of INXS), Rick Astley, Cathy Dennis, Maxi Priest/Shaggy, Wendy Matthews, Marianne Faithfull, Alejandro Sanz, Londonbeat and Boy George. The album, which began under Jaffery's direction and supervision, was licensed to EMI Premier in the United Kingdom for world distribution. To date, the album was sold in 500,000 copies worldwide.
Taste Music and Taste Media.
In 1996, Jaffery co-founded two new companies, Taste Media, Ltd. and Taste Music, Ltd. As co-owner and managing director for both companies, Jaffery secured numerous territorial worldwide license record deals with various independent and major labels with a portfolio of artists including Muse, Vega 4, One Minute Silence, Shed Seven, Sundae Club and Serafin. Under his management, the company's artists sold more than 5 million copies across six album releases combined, achieving numerous platinum awards, one IFPI Award and 15 gold award sales discs. Artists represented by Taste Media also achieved Brit Awards, Q Awards, NME Awards, Kerrang! Awards, Music Week Awards and MTV Music Awards. In 2005, Warner Music purchased Taste Media, although Jaffery retained the name logo and brand and re-launched the company in 2008.
Jaffery retained the highly successful music publishing company. Presently the company represents a wide range of quality songwriters, artists and bands including Muse, Shed Seven, Buffseeds and Sundae Club. New signings include the Animal Farm, co-venture projects Rosalita and Ejectorseat. Internationally, Taste Music has partnered with the likes of Warner/Chappell Music (UK & Spain), Universal Music (Germany), Mushroom Records (Australia), Naive SA (France), Watanabe Productions (Japan), Cafe Concerto (Italy), Strictly Confidential (Benelux) and Sony/ATV Music Publishing (Korea), amongst others.
In 2010, Taste Music was sold to Warner/Chappell Music.
Muse collaboration.
Jaffery was introduced to Muse in 1997 through Dennis Smith, co-founder of Taste Media and owner of Sawmills Studio where Muse recorded their first EP. In 1998, he secured a six-album co-label record deal with Maverick Records in the United States, Canada and Mexico, and a three-album co-label licensing deal with the small UK division of Mushroom Records – an Australian label, for the UK, Ireland and Australia.
Taste Media signed a six-album record deal with Muse in 1998, under which Jaffery and Smith would manage the band for free, having already been contractually granted the recording and publishing rights. Together, they executively produced the band's first 3 studio albums, "Showbiz", "Origin of Symmetry" and "Absolution". In 2005, Jaffery and Smith relinquished their roles as Muse's management, although they still retained their record contract. After the three albums had been released, all of the international licensing deals expired and both Maverick and Mushroom Records were bought by Warner Music. Muse's contract was sold to Warner, with Jaffery retaining the Taste company name and logo. Jaffery bought out Smith's stake in Taste Music, and remains the publisher for Muse's first three albums.
Recent news.
In 2007, Jaffery was voted onto the board of Association of Independent Music (AIM). He traveled to China and while he was in Shanghai, he was approached by the Chinese band The Honeys. They asked Jaffery to produce their second studio album entitled "Water".
Also in early 2008, through an invitation by the British Council, Jaffery and producer client John Leckie traveled to India and held auditions in New Delhi, South Mumbai and Bangalore. From thirty local emerging rock bands they have selected four bands for Leckie to produce. The bands Medusa, Indigo Children, Advaita and Swarathma each recorded two tracks at Yash Raj Studios in Mumbai with John Leckie and Dan Austin. Jaffrey is presently exploring the idea of setting up conferences in India to infuse western music business practices and establish mentoring programs so that each territory could learn from each other and be brought closer to augment their cross fusion activity.

</doc>
<doc id="20528749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528749" title="Plaça de Llucmajor, Barcelona">
Plaça de Llucmajor, Barcelona

Plaça de Llucmajor is a square in Barcelona, unofficially regarded as the nucleus of its Nou Barris district. It's the intersection of three avenues: Passeig de Valldaura, Passeig de Verdum and Via Júlia, Barcelona. Besides, it's the official border between four neighbourhoods of the district: Guineueta, Prosperitat, Porta and Verdum.
Being scarcely more than a roundabout, its center is occupied since 1990 by a 30-metre high metal monument made by Josep Viladomat in the 1930s called "La República", with the effigy of Francesc Pi i Margall. The monument was originally located in the much more famous intersection between Passeig de Gràcia and Avinguda Diagonal, which is nowadays still crowned by a Francoist monument.

</doc>
<doc id="20528760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528760" title="Belev dol">
Belev dol


</doc>
<doc id="20528783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528783" title="Embryomics">
Embryomics

Embryomics is the identification, characterization and study of the diverse cell types which arise during embryogenesis, especially as this relates to the location and developmental history of cells in the embryo. Cell type may be determined according to several criteria: location in the developing embryo, gene expression as indicated by protein and nucleic acid markers and surface antigens, and also position on the embryogenic tree.
The Embryome.
There are many cell markers useful in distinguishing, classifying, separating and purifying the numerous cell types present at any given time in a developing organism. These cell markers consist of select RNAs and proteins present inside, and surface antigens present on the surface of, the cells making up the embryo. For any given cell type, these RNA and protein markers reflect the genes characteristically active in that cell type. The catalog of all these cell types and their characteristic markers is known as the organism's embryome. The word is a portmanteau of embryo and genome. “Embryome” may also refer to the totality of the physical cell markers themselves.
Embryogenesis.
As an embryo develops from a fertilized egg, the single egg cell splits into many cells, which grow in number and migrate to the appropriate locations inside the embryo at appropriate times during development. As the embryo’s cells grow in number and migrate, they also differentiate into an increasing number of different cell types, ultimately turning into the stable, specialized cell types characteristic of the adult organism. Each of the cells in an embryo contains the same genome, characteristic of the species, but the level of activity of each of the many thousands of genes that make up the complete genome varies with, and determines, a particular cell’s type (e.g. neuron, bone cell, skin cell, muscle cell, etc.). 
During embryo development (embryogenesis), many cell types are present which are not present in the adult organism. These temporary cells are called progenitor cells, and are intermediate cell types which disappear during embryogenesis by turning into other progenitor cells, or into mature adult somatic cell types, or which disappear due to programmed cell death (apoptosis).
The entire process of embryogenesis can be described with the aid of two maps: an embryo map, a temporal sequence of 3-dimensional images of the developing embryo, showing the location of cells of the many cell types present in the embryo at a given time, and an embryogenic tree, a diagram showing how the cell types are derived from each other during embryogenesis.
The embryo map is straightforward: It is a sequence of 3-D images, or slices of 3-D images, of the developing embryo which, if viewed rapidly in temporal order, forms a time-lapse view of the growing embryo.
The embryogenic tree is a diagram which shows the temporal development of each of the cell lines in the embryo. When drawn on a piece of paper, this diagram takes the form of a tree, analogous to the evolutionary tree of life which illustrates the development of life on Earth. However, instead of each branch on this tree representing a species, as in the tree of life, each branch represents a particular cell type present in the embryo at a particular time. And of course, an embryogenic tree covers the gestation period of weeks or months, instead of billions of years, as in the case of the evolutionary tree of life.
We use human embryogenesis as our referent here, but embryogenesis in other vertebrate species closely follows the same pattern. The egg cell (ovum), after fertilization with a sperm cell, becomes the zygote, represented by the trunk at the very bottom of the tree. This single zygote cell divides in two, three times, forming first a cluster of two-cells, then four-cells, and finally eight-cells. One more cell division brings the number of cells to 16, at which time it is called a morula, instead of a zygote. This ball of 16 cells then reorganizes into a hollow sphere called a blastocyst. As the number of cells grows from 16 to between 40 and 150, the blastocyst differentiates into two layers, an outer sphere of cells called the trophoblast and an inner cell mass called the embryoblast.
The spherical outer cell layer (trophoblast), after implantation in the wall of the uterus, further differentiates and grows to form the placenta. 
The cells of the inner cell mass (embryoblast), which are known as human embryonic stem cells (hESCs), will further differentiate to form four structures: the amnion, the yolk sac, the allantois, and the embryo itself. Human embryonic stem cells are pluripotent, that is, they can differentiate into any of the cell types present in the adult human, and into any of the intermediate progenitor cell types that eventually turn into the adult cell lines. hESCs are also immortal, in that they can divide and grow in number indefinitely, without undergoing either differentiation or cellular aging (cellular senescence). 
The first differentiation of the hESCs that form the embryo proper, is into three cell types known as the germ layers: the ectoderm, the mesoderm, and the endoderm. The ectoderm eventually forms the skin (including hair and nails), mucous membranes and nervous system. The mesoderm forms the skeleton and muscles, heart and circulatory system, urinary and reproductive systems, and connective tissues inside the body. The endoderm forms the gastrointestinal tract (stomach and intestines), the respiratory tract, and the endocrine system (liver and endocrine glands).
Mapping the Embryogenic Tree.
A primary goal in embryomics is a complete mapping the embryogenic tree: Identifying each of the cell types present in the developing embryo and placing it in the tree on its proper branch. There is an unknown number, probably thousands, of distinct cell types present in the developing embryo, including progenitor cell lines which are only temporarily present and which disappear either by differentiating into the permanent somatic cell types which make up the tissues of the infant’s body at birth (or into other progenitor cell lines), or by undergoing the programmed cell death process known as apoptosis.
Each cell type is defined by which genes are characteristically active in that cell type. A particular gene in a cell’s genome codes for the production of a particular protein, that is, when that gene is turned on (active), the protein coded for by that gene is produced and present somewhere in the cell. Production of a particular protein involves the production of a particular mRNA (messenger RNA) sequence as an intermediate step in protein synthesis. This mRNA is produced by copying process called transcription, from the DNA in the cell’s nucleus. The mRNA so produced travels from the nucleus into the cytoplasm, where it encounters and latches onto ribosomes stuck to the cytoplasmic side of the endoplasmic reticulum. Attachment of the mRNA strand to the ribosome initiates the production of the protein coded for by the mRNA strand. Therefore the profile of active genes in a cell is reflected in the presence or absence of corresponding proteins and mRNA strands in the cell’s cytoplasm, and antigen proteins present on the cell’s outer membrane. Discovering, determining and classifying cells as to their type therefore involves detecting and measuring the type and amount of specific protein and RNA molecules present in the cells.
In addition, mapping the tree of embryogenesis involves assigning to each specific, identifiable cell type, a particular branch, or place, in the tree. This requires knowing the “ancestry” of each cell type, that is, which cell type preceded it in the development process. This information can be deduced by observing in detail the distribution and placement of cells, by type, in the developing embryo, and by also observing, in cells growing in culture (“in vitro”) any differentiation events, should they occur for whatever reason, and by other means. 
Cells, embryonic cells in particular, are sensitive to the presence or absence of specific chemical molecules in their surroundings. This is the basis for cell signaling, and during embryogenesis cells “talk to each other” by emitting and receiving signaling molecules. This is how development of the embryo’s structure is organized and controlled. If cells of a particular line have been removed from the embryo and are growing alone in a Petri dish in the lab, and some cell signaling chemicals are put in the growth medium bathing the cells, this can induce the cells to differentiate into a different, “daughter” cell type, mimicking the differentiation process that occurs naturally in the developing embryo. Artificially inducing differentiation in this way can yield clues to the correct placement of a particular cell line in the embryogenic tree, by observing what kind of cell results from inducing the differentiation.
In the laboratory, human embryonic stem cells growing in culture can be induced to differentiate into progenitor cells by exposing the hESCs to chemicals (e.g. protein growth and differentiation factors) present in the developing embryo. The progenitor cells so produced may then be isolated into pure colonies, grown in culture, and then classified according to type and assigned positions in the embryogenic tree. Such purified cultures of progenitor cells may be used in research to study disease processes in vitro, as diagnostic tools, or potentially developed for use in regenerative medicine therapies.
Embryomics and Regenerative Medicine.
Embryomics is the core science supporting the development of regenerative medicine. Regenerative medicine involves use of specially grown cells, tissues and organs as therapeutic agents to cure disease and repair injury, and springs from the development of mammalian cloning technology. Other medical and surgical methods may use chemicals (pharmaceuticals) as therapeutic agents, or involve removal of injured or diseased tissue (surgery), or use inserted tissues or organs (transplant surgery). Use of transplanted tissue or organs in medicine is not classified as regenerative medicine, because the tissues and organs were not grown specifically for use as therapeutic agents.
Ultimately, one of the goals of regenerative medicine and applied embryomics, is the creation of cells, tissues and organs grown from cells taken from the patient to be treated. This would be accomplished by reprogramming adult stem or somatic cells removed from the patient, so that these cells revert to the pluripotent, embryonic state. These synthetic stem cells would then be grown in culture and differentiated into the appropriate cell type indicated for treating the patient’s disease or injury. The advantages here over current therapies are: elimination of immune rejection accompanying allograft transplantation, creation of a full complement of cells, tissues and organs as needed, and creation of youthful cells, tissues and organs for transplant and rejuvenation.
Technology for growing cells, tissues and organs for use in regenerative medicine can be developed by using the natural course of development of those cells, tissues and organs during embryogenesis, as a guide. Therefore, detailed knowledge of the complete embryome and the embryogenic tree is key to developing the full potential of regenerative medicine. 
Embryomics also includes the application of embryomic data and theory, to the development of practical methods for evaluating, classifying, culturing, purifying, differentiating and manipulating human embryonic cells.

</doc>
<doc id="20528790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528790" title="Seán Nolan">
Seán Nolan

Seán Nolan was an Irish Sinn Féin politician. He was elected unopposed as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 2nd Dáil at the 1921 elections for the Cork Mid, North, South, South East and West constituency. He opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted against it. He stood as an anti-Treaty Sinn Féin candidate at the 1922 general election but was not elected.

</doc>
