<doc id="20255739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255739" title="Eleanor Raskin">
Eleanor Raskin

Eleanor E. Raskin "née" Stein; (born March 16, 1946) was a member of Weatherman. She is currently an administrative law judge at the New York State Public Service Commission.
Early life.
Eleanor E. Stein was born on March 16, 1946. Her parents, Annie and Arthur Stein, were Jewish and belonged to the Communist Party. Her father, Arthur Stein, was an economist in the New Deal and her mother, Annie, was active in promoting social causes such as civil rights. Before Stein was five years old, her mother, who was the secretary of the Coordinating Committee for the Enforcement of the D.C. Anti-Discrimination Laws, allowed her to arrange pastries on a large platter before every meeting. Stein looked forward to the arrival of Mary Church Terrell at these meetings, because Terrell would usually bring a small present for her. On Saturdays, Annie Stein would dress up the children and stand on street corners, passing out literature to passersby. During the month of January or June, Stein would accompany her grandfather on picket lines or hand out leaflets. A family friend, Chavy Wiener introduced her to communism by reading to her a Soviet children's book, "The Story of Zoya and Shura".
When Stein was a student at Erasmus Hall High School, she was a member of the honor roll, the editor-in-chief of the school's student newspaper: "Dutchmen", captain of the debating team and secretary for the math team. As a junior high student, she wrote a poem with political inflections called "The North Star." The opening lines are as follows:
College Life and First Marriage.
In 1963, Stein attended Barnard College; where she met Jonah Raskin, a graduate student in the English Department. On August 28, 1964, they were married at the Foley Square Courthouse, and hours after the wedding, the couple boarded a plane to Manchester, England. She enrolled in undergraduate courses at the University of Manchester. During their time abroad, they traveled to London School of Economics to attend Malcolm X's discussion on imperialism in February 1965.
Anxious to return home after three years in England, Stein finished her thesis which earned her the distinction of being the first American Studies graduate from Manchester to earn first-class honors. In the summer of 1967, they returned to New York where she applied for law school at Columbia University. Her marriage to Jonah Raskin ended in November 1969.
SDS and Weatherman.
A year before joining Students for a Democratic Society (SDS), Eleanor Stein and Annie Stein participated in the protest at the Pentagon in 1967. In April, she and her mother were involved in the Columbia University protests of 1968. More than 700 students, including Eleanor Stein, were arrested. She was charged with criminal trespass, fined $25 and released without bail. Stein joined SDS in fall 1968. By March 1969, she led more than two hundred students in pickets of Columbia buildings. "The New York Times" quoted her: "We've effectively shut down the college and cut down attendance at the university by half," said Mrs. Eleanor Raskin, an SDS spokesman who is a second-year law student at Columbia. "This strike is the opening gun. This strike is our first blow."...At a news conference, Mrs. Raskin...warned that if Columbia failed to act on the demands before the end of the spring vacation, which begins Friday and ends April 6, the SDS chapter would "take further action." 
During the summer of 1969, Stein became a member of Weatherman organization and co-authored "The Bust Book: What to Do Until the Lawyer Comes", with Kathy Boudin, Gus Reichbach and Brian Glick. "The Bust Book" is a handbook for political activists and legal defendants. In August 1969, Stein and fellow Weatherman members: Bernardine Dohrn, Ted Gold, Dianne Donghi and Diana Oughton traveled as SDS delegates to Cuba to meet with representatives of the Cuban and North Vietnamese governments.
On September 3, 1969, Stein and about seventy-five women stormed a Pittsburgh high school called South Hills and participated in a "jailbreak" to advertise for the Days of Rage. Weather women spray painted "Ho Lives" (in reference to spiritual and political North Vietnam leader, Ho Chi Minh who had recently died) and "Free Huey" (Huey P. Newton was a member of the Black Panther Party who was incarcerated for a gunfight which left a police officer dead) on the school's main entrance doors. Stein was arrested and charged with rioting, inciting a riot and disorderly conduct. She was told to pay a $25 fine and $11 in court costs; she was held on $1,500 bail. Stein and twenty-five others were taken to the Allegheny County Jail. She had wanted to experience a life without comforts, and during her three weeks in jail, her wish was realized.
In early November, shortly before leaving Jonah Raskin, she wrote a letter to the Dean of Columbia University:
As Jonah Raskin had written, she "packed a suitcase, threw away her jewelry, miniskirts, long evening gowns, her shoes, sold her books, and moved to a Weatherman Collective.", Stein was ending her old life to begin a revolution.
Underground.
After the Greenwich Village townhouse explosion on March 6, 1970 which claimed the lives of Weatherman members Ted Gold, Diana Oughton, and Terry Robbins, she helped disguise Cathy Wilkerson, one of the two survivors of the explosion, by dyeing her hair to transform her appearance from hippie to secretary. The FBI launched an extensive manhunt to capture affiliates of the organization, and Stein sought safety by relocating with Weather comrade Jeff Jones to the Catskills Mountains to establish a new network. It was there that they fell in love.
The next trace of Jones and Stein was in Hoboken, New Jersey in 1979, when police raided an apartment where materials for making bombs were found. The apartment was traced to the couple, who were indicted "in absentia".
On October 23, 1981, they were arrested by a dozen-member SWAT team while watching the World Series in their Bronx apartment. They were charged with unlawful flight to avoid prosecution in New Jersey on charges of unlawful possession of explosives.
On December 11, 1981, a week before Jones was sentenced, the couple were married in the Municipal Building in Lower Manhattan. After the two-minute ceremony, their son, Thai Jones showered them with brown organic rice.
All charges against Stein were dismissed.,
Children.
A son, Thai Jones was born on April 30, 1977 and named after Nguyen Thai, who as a Vietcong fighter campaigned against the French and American armies. Stein had met him when she traveled to Havana in 1969. Thai Jones wrote a book released in 2004 called "A Radical Line: From the Labor Movement to the Weather Underground, One Family’s Century of Conscience" which chronicled his parents' experiences with Weatherman.
On January 1, 1981, daughter Coco Jones was stillborn.
Arthur Jones, named after Stein's father, was born on September 22, 1982.
Life After Weatherman.
After having placed her education on hold for thirteen years, Stein attempted to finish her law degree at Columbia Law School. In 1982, her request to be reinstated was denied. Having been spurned by Columbia, she applied at City University of New York Law School at Queens College and graduated in 1986. She is currently an administrative law judge with the NYS Public Service Commission. Stein was previously a visiting associate professor at Albany Law School and taught transnational environmental law. For ten years she served as an Administrative Law Judge at the New York State Public Service Commission in Albany, New York, where she presided over and mediated New York’s Renewable Portfolio Standard proceeding, authoring in June 2004 a comprehensive decision recommending a landmark state environmental initiative to combat global warming with incentives for renewable resource-fueled power generation. In addition to Transnational Environmental Law, she has taught Alternative Dispute Resolution, Telecommunications Law for the Twentieth Century, Civil Procedure, and Applied Legal Reasoning (academic support) at Albany Law School and Women’s Rights as International Human Rights at the State University of New York at Albany. She is the author of "Book Review: The Philosophical Foundations of Environmental Law: Property, Rights and Nature, and Ecological Sensitivity and Global Legal Pluralism", forthcoming in SOCIAL AND LEGAL STUDIES, London; "Global Warming: An International Human Rights Violation? Inuit Communities Petition at the Inter-American Commission On Human Rights", forthcoming in GOVERNMENT, LAW AND POLICY JOURNAL; "The New York Renewable Portfolio Standard: Case Study in Process and Substance", 16 ENV. L. IN NEW YORK 3 (February 2005); and "To Be of Use: W. Haywood Burns", 106 YALE LAW JOURNAL 753 (with Michael Ratner).
She currently lives with her husband, Jeff Jones, in Albany, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20255745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255745" title="WZOE-FM">
WZOE-FM

WZOE-FM (98.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format. Licensed to Princeton, Illinois, USA, the station serves the LaSalle-Peru area. The station is currently owned by WZOE and features programing from CNN Radio.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20255766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255766" title="Trilogija">
Trilogija

Trilogija (trans. "Trilogy") is a compilation album from influential Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba. The album features all songs from three parts of Riblja Čorba trilogy, ', ' and "".

</doc>
<doc id="20255776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255776" title="WZOE (AM)">
WZOE (AM)

WZOE (1490 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Princeton, Illinois, USA, the station serves the LaSalle-Peru area. The station is currently owned by WZOE, Inc. and features programing from CBS Radio, Premiere Radio Networks and Westwood One.

</doc>
<doc id="20255791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255791" title="Tricasses">
Tricasses

The Tricasses were a Gallic tribe which lived along the Seine in what is now Champagne. They gave their name to Troyes, which bore the name "Augustobona" during the Roman period and served as the capital of the Tricasses. Administratively they were attached to Gallia Lugdunensis. Their neighbours were the Suessiones and Remi to the north, the Leuci to the south, and the Senones to the west.
Etymology.
The name Tricasses comes from the element "cass-" found in other names of tribes and individuals, e.g. Veliocasses, Cassivellaunus, It may signify "bronze, tin or brass", or alternatively "fine or pleasant": these two meaning arise from different interpretations of the name of the Cassiterides. The prefix "tri-" is found in "Trigaranus" with the meaning of "three".

</doc>
<doc id="20255798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255798" title="Television in Northern Cyprus">
Television in Northern Cyprus

Television in the self-declared state of Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus consists of fifteen TV channels. These are:
BRT is the state television of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. BRT is also the oldest Turkish Cypriot TV channel, established as a radio station in 1963, and launched its first television broadcast in 1976. Most of the TV channels in Northern Cyprus also broadcast via satellite, and there is a "Cyprus Packet" in the satellite of Türksat.

</doc>
<doc id="20255827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255827" title="Ancil Farrier">
Ancil Farrier

Ancil Brandon Farrier (born 21 July 1986 in Los Bajos) is an association football player from Trinidad and Tobago who last played college soccer in the United States for the Southern Connecticut State University. He has also played international football for the Trinidad and Tobago, earning four caps in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20255846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255846" title="Leuci">
Leuci

The Leuci were a Gallic tribe, recorded to have lived in the southern part of what is now Lorraine. They are mentioned by Julius Caesar as a people supplying wheat to the Roman army in 58 BC, along with the Lingones and Sequani.
Location.
Strabo in his "Geographica" describes the Leuci and a part of the Lingones dwelling "above" the Mediomatrici, whose capital was at Metz.
Hillforts in the region of the Leuci include some small ones in the Vosges, and Boviolles in the Ornain valley in the west of the territory. There is also a possible oppidum in Geneviève (Essey). Toul (in Latin "Tullum") was the Roman capital "civitas" of the tribe. But Ptolemy listed Naix (Latin "Nasium") also as a civitas of the Leuci, and it was probably larger.

</doc>
<doc id="20255879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255879" title="Velimirović">
Velimirović

Velimirović is a South Slavic surname, means "son of Velimir", may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20255887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255887" title="North Melbourne Football Club honour roll">
North Melbourne Football Club honour roll

This page is the complete honour roll of the North Melbourne Football Club.
From 1869 till 1875 North competed in and helped organise the challenge cup. In 1876 the club amalgamated with Albert Park Football Club to form Albert Park cum North Melbourne FC.
In 1877 the club reformed as Hotham FC and joined the newly formed VFA as a founding club. North competed in the VFA from 1877 until 1924. In 1925 the club was promoted to the premier competition in the country, the VFL.
In 1990, with the addition of the Adelaide Football Club the VFL changed its name to the AFL. North continues to compete in the AFL to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="20255900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255900" title="The Sword of the Lady">
The Sword of the Lady

The Sword of the Lady (2009) is an alternate history, post-apocalyptic novel by author S. M. Stirling. It is the sixth book in the Emberverse series. Rudi Mackenzie and his group leave Iowa, heading through Wisconsin, out onto the Great Lakes, into what was once Maine and finally to Nantucket. All the while they are pursued by the Church Universal and Triumphant (CUT), led by a High Seeker (a CUT priest with supernatural powers) and Major Graber.
Plot summary.
Rudi Mackenzie and Edain Aylward Mackenzie head out through post-Change Illinois on a mission given to them by the Bossman of Iowa to recover Ingolf Vogeler's wagons that he abandoned there. They break up an ambush by Knifers and save three Southside Freedom Fighters (Southsiders), descendants of survivors from Chicago, including their leader Jake. Rudi adopts the tribe and they help him bring Ingolf's wagons back to Iowa. Along the way, Rudi and Edain teach them how to make bows and arrows, then train them as military archers. Southsiders listen to them sing and add the songs to their culture. Soon the Southsiders consider themselves part of Clan Mackenzie.
Meanwhile, Mary and Ritva Havel are trying to find a way to break Ingolf out of the Bossman's prison. Then Captain Denson of the Iowa State Police has a conversation with Ingolf and offers to release him from prison if he lures the CUT troops from Des Moines. When Ingolf agrees, Denson takes him out while his men kill the other prisoners who witnessed the conversation.
When Rudi reaches the Mississippi, Denson meets them on the east side of the river. He brings Ingolf with him. They cross the river and meet the Bossman and the rest of Rudi's party in Dubuque.
Meanwhile, the Corvallis Meeting is fighting CUT and Boise invaders. The Prophet's troops are converging on the Meeting lands from several directions. While the Meeting nations can slow the invasion down, they have been unable to drive the invaders back. News that the Portland Protective Association are losing castles due to the strange abilities of the CUT High Seekers causes morale to drop.
Back in Iowa, the Major Graber and his CUT forces attempt to kill Rudi and his allies. Though Rudi survives the CUT manage to assassinate the Bossman of Iowa. Thanks to Mathilda Arminger's efforts, however, she manages to encourage the Bossman's wife to take power as Regent, creating a new ally for Rudi and his group. Rudi and his group leave Iowa heading north along the Mississippi River. While en route, Rudi's companions swear loyalty to him as the High King of "Montival", the new name the group has chosen for the Pacific Northwest. Rudi reluctantly accepts.
Rudi and his group arrive in the nation of Richland, Ingolf's home. While there Ingolf makes amends with his estranged brother, a local sheriff, who agrees to help Ingolf and his friends reach Nantucket. Heading north around the Great Lakes using skis to move over the snow, the party is attacked once again by CUT forces who are allied with French-speaking savages. Though they succeed in driving off the CUT forces, Jake is killed in the battle.
Arriving in Maine, Rudi and his followers are taken in by survivors who have adopted a Viking-like culture. They agree to help Rudi reach Nantucket, but upon arriving at a coastal town, they discover it under siege by Major Graber and Muslim Corsairs. Rudi and his forces succeed in lifting the siege and capture one of the pirate leaders, but Odard Liu is killed during the battle.
Rudi convinces the pirate captain to take him and his followers to Nantucket. They are chased there by Major Graber who has commandeered another pirate vessel. As both ships arrive at Nantucket, reality begins to change as alternate versions of Nantucket begin to appear at random. Rudi and his followers fight their way onto Nantucket. There Rudi is transported into the presence of Maiden, Mother, and Crone who have taken the form of Rudi's mother (Juniper Mackenzie) and Marion Alston and Swindapa from the "Nantucket series". They explain the reason behind the Change, alluding at the humanity's importance (the Fermi paradox) and that certain forces saw the need for humanity to mature more before it self-destructed due to abuse of technology. They also explain the powers that are aiding CUT as a result of a disagreement between those forces on how best to guide the changed humanity. Rudi is last seen removing the Sword of the Lady from its sheath. Back in Montival, Juniper calls on the help of the gods against the CUT in a ceremony (Cone of power). During the ceremony light emanates from Juniper's hands and she proclaims the coming of the High King.
Literary significance and reception.
As of September 3, 2009, "The Sword of the Lady" has ranked 13th on the New York Times Best Seller List. This is the first time that a Stirling novel has reached the top 15 on the list.

</doc>
<doc id="20255914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255914" title="I Prefer the Moonlight">
I Prefer the Moonlight

I Prefer the Moonlight is a 1987 album by country superstar Kenny Rogers. It did respectably well for his current status in the industry to date, placing #18 on the charts. Though the album only reached #163 in the Billboard 200, the success in the country market was enough for it to go gold. It contained two top five hit singles: the title cut and the grammy-winning duet with Ronnie Milsap, "Make No Mistake, She's Mine". The album was Rogers' last studio album for RCA Nashville.
Singles.
The initial single was the Ronnie Milsap duet "Make No Mistake, She's Mine", which brought Rogers and Milsap to the top of the charts in both the US and Canada. The title cut was released next, and reached #2, a feat equaled to the north as well. "The Factory" was the third single, and reached #6 in the US and #3 in Canada. A final venture was made with "I Don't Call Him Daddy", a lesser hit, peaking at #86.

</doc>
<doc id="20255916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255916" title="Henrik O. Madsen">
Henrik O. Madsen

Henrik Overgaard Madsen (born 1953) is a businessperson and engineer, and since 2006 chief executive officer of Det Norske Veritas (DNV).
Madsen is educated with a PhD in civil and structural engineering from the Technical University of Denmark, where he also held a position as professor within structural mechanics. He started working for DNV as chief scientist in structural reliability analysis, working to introduce structural reliability methods in the standard setting work of the oil and gas industry. He was elected into the United States Offshore Energy Center Technology Hall of Fame as an offshore pioneer in 2002. He has published several books and more than 80 papers within this area.
For DNV, Madsen has headed the maritime, energy and industry, and research business areas, as well as being regional manager in Japan and Denmark. He is also a member of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development.

</doc>
<doc id="20255946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255946" title="John B. Campbell Handicap">
John B. Campbell Handicap

The John B. Campbell Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Laurel Park Racecourse in Laurel, Maryland. Raced in mid February, it is open to horses age three and older and is contested on dirt over a distance of 1⅛ miles (9 furlongs). It is run for a purse of $100,000.
Honoree and Inaugural.
The race was named for John Blanks Campbell, an internationally noted racing secretary and the handicapper who set the annual Experimental Free Handicap weights who died at age 77 on July 7, 1954. The inaugural edition of the John race was run on December 4, 1954 as the John B. Campbell Memorial Handicap at Bowie Race Track. After the inaugural running, the race was then set for the Spring of each year beginning in 1955. From 1986 until 2001, the race was held at Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore and was raced at a distance of 1³/16 miles.
In his book "", prominent racing historian Edward L. Bowen says that at one time the John B. Campbell Handicap was a race of national importance. During the mid-1950s and 1960 the race was won by outstanding horses such as Sailor, Dedicate, Mongo, and the great U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Kelso.
Records.
Speed record: 
Most wins by an horse:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Winners of the John B. Campbell Handicap since 1962.
A * designates that the race was run in two divisions in 1972 and 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20255980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255980" title="Henry Duncan">
Henry Duncan

Henry Duncan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20255982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255982" title="List of Sufi orders">
List of Sufi orders

List of Sufi orders or brotherhoods (Tariqa)

</doc>
<doc id="20255987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20255987" title="Abdus Shakoor (painter)">
Abdus Shakoor (painter)

Abdus Shakoor is a prominent painter and calligrapher from Bangladesh. He was born on 31 December in 1947 in the Bogra district of Bangladesh.
His work focuses on ancestral and historical themes, following in the folk-tradition of Zainul Abedin, Quamrul Hassan, Jamini Roy & Qayyum Chowdhury. Common themes in Shakoor's paintings include Bengali folk motifs and ballads; the Mahua & Malua love stories as well as the Nakshi Kanthar Math and the Maimansingha Gitika. He has illustrated his works with folk-motifs. Peacock & parrots as well as elephants, bulls, cats, tigers, serpents & lizards feature prominently in his works.
All of Shakoor's compositions are bordered with free-flowing thick brush lines. There is almost no hard line in the paintings. His style has been compared with European artists such as Piet Mondrian and Paul Klee.
Shakoor has won many national & international awards such as the Excellent Award in Japan, National Award in Dhaka & a Unesco Fellowship in Italy, & is currently the chairman of the Craft Department in the Faculty of Fine Arts at Dhaka University.

</doc>
<doc id="20256020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256020" title="National CO2 Air Pistol (.177)">
National CO2 Air Pistol (.177)

The National Air Pistol is a single shot air pistol with powerplant. It is manufactured by National rifles division of the Indian Hume Pipe Co. Ltd of Ahmedabad, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20256023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256023" title="Murder Act 1751">
Murder Act 1751

The Murder Act 1751 (25 Geo 2 c 37) was an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain.
Provisions.
The Murder Act included the provision "for better preventing the horrid crime of murder" "that some further terror and peculiar mark of infamy be added to the punishment", and that "in no case whatsoever shall the body of any murderer be suffered to be buried", by mandating either public dissection or "hanging in chains" of the cadaver. The act also stipulated that a person found guilty of murder should be executed two days after being sentenced unless the third day was a Sunday, in which case the execution would take place on the following Monday.
On 1 July 1828, this Act was repealed, as to England, by section 1 of the 9 Geo 4 c 31, except so far as it related to rescues and attempts to rescue. The corresponding marginal note to that section says that effect of this was to repeal the whole Act, except for sections 9 and 10.
Section 1.
This section was repealed by section 1 of, and the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1871.
Section 9.
This section provided that any person who, by force, set at liberty or rescued, or who attempted to set at liberty or rescue, any person out of prison who was committed for, or convicted of, murder, or who rescued or attempted to rescue, any person convicted of murder, going to execution or during execution, was guilty of felony, and was to suffer death without benefit of clergy. This death penalty was reduced to transportation for life by the Punishment of Offences Act (1837).
Section 11.
This section was repealed by section 1 of, and the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1871.

</doc>
<doc id="20256032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256032" title="Sailor II">
Sailor II

Sailor (foaled 1952 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred and raced by heiress Isabel Dodge Sloane's Brookmeade Stable, he was out of the Brookmeade mare Flota and sired by U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Eight Thirty.
Sailor was conditioned for racing by Hall of Fame trainer Preston Burch. As a three-year-old in 1955, the colt did not run in any of the U.S. Triple Crown races. However, under regular rider Hedley Woodhouse he won four major races that year, including the prestigious Pimlico Special at Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore. At age four, he began the year competing in Florida, where he won the Gulfstream Park Handicap, then back at Pimlico Race Course he captured the John B. Campbell Handicap, at the time a race of national importance.
As a sire.
Retired to stud duty at Darby Dan Farm in Lexington, Kentucky, Sailor sired a number of stakes winners, notably the outstanding Hall of Fame filly Bowl of Flowers, Travers Stakes winner Crewman, and 1964 American Champion Sprint Horse Ahoy.

</doc>
<doc id="20256049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256049" title="Heaven &amp; Hell (Shin Terai album)">
Heaven &amp; Hell (Shin Terai album)

Heaven and Hell is the second album by Shin Terai, released in 2004. For this album the band changed the name from "Shin Terai" to "Shine". The album is basically made out of left-overs from the 1999 sessions for "Unison". Producer and bassist Bill Laswell mixed and reconstructed the album mainly using material of avant-garde guitarist Buckethead, himself and Terai.
The songs on the album were not named, but simply called "Movements".
References.
Review of the album

</doc>
<doc id="20256071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256071" title="Tony Rougier">
Tony Rougier

Anthony "Tony" Rougier (born 17 July 1971) is a Trinidadian former footballer. A former international with 67 caps to his name, he came close to making the 2006 FIFA World Cup team for Trinidad and Tobago.
He played for La Brea Angels, Trintoc, United Petrotrin, and Trinity Pros, before signing with Scottish club Raith Rovers in March 1995. He helped the club to the First Division title in 1994–95, before joining Hibernian in July 1997 for a £250,000 fee. He helped "Hibs" to secure the First Division title in 1998–99, before he was sold on to English club Port Vale for £175,000 in January 1999. He moved on to Reading for £325,000 in August 2000, and helped the "Royals" to promotion out of the Second Division in 2000–01. He switched to Brentford in May 2003, before joining Bristol City in March 2004. He then had spells in China with Nanjing Yoyo and in America with Rochester Rhinos, before returning to Trinidad to play for United Petrotrin, North East Stars, and FC South End.
Club career.
Starting his career in his native Trinidad and Tobago with La Brea Angels, Trintoc, United Petrotrin, and Trinity Pros, Rougier switched the Caribbean for Raith Rovers of Kirkcaldy, Scotland in March 1995. He would have signed for Bradford City, but could not secure a work permit in time. At the end of the season Rovers were promoted to the SPL as First Division champions under the stewardship of Jimmy Nicholl.
In 1995–96, Rovers finished comfortably, 13 points off the relegation spots. He also scored in the UEFA Cup in a 4–0 win over GÍ Gøta. However 1996–97 under Iain Munro was to prove a different story, Rovers finishing bottom, thirteen points from safety. Rougier made 31 appearances, scoring four goals; three of them in cup competitions against Airdrieonians and one in the SPL against Kilmarnock.
In July 1997 he moved to Jim Duffy's Hibernian for a £250,000 fee, Hibernian had finished one place above Rovers, but in 1997–98 they too finished bottom of the league and suffered relegation. Once again, Rougier made 31 appearances. His three league goals had won his the club three points, coming in 1–1 draws with Motherwell, St. Johnstone and Aberdeen.
He spent the first half of 1998–99 with Hibernian, playing eighteen games and scoring once against Morton. It would prove to be an easy campaign for Alex McLeish's "Hibs", as they eventually finished 23 points clear of second place Falkirk. Rougier was not at Easter Road for the celebrations, however, having been sold to English club Port Vale for £175,000 in January 1999. He arrived at Vale Park with the club about to suffer a drastic downturn in fortunes as chairman Bill Bell replaced manager John Rudge with Brian Horton. He made twelve appearances for Vale at the end of the season. Rougier scored nine goals in 41 games in 1999–2000, becoming a crowd favourite and the club's top scorer, but it was not enough to prevent the "Valiants" from losing their First Division status.
In August 2000 he was sold on to fellow Second Division side Reading for £325,000, signing a three year contract. The "Royals" pushed hard for promotion in 2000–01, totting up 86 points before losing the play-off final with Walsall 3–2 after extra time. Rougier made 35 appearances, scoring twice against Oxford United. In the final itself he was an 82nd minute substitute for Jim McIntyre and scored an own goal. In 2001–02, Reading achieved promotion in second place, finishing with 84 points. Rougier put in 38 appearances, and scored just once, in a 2–2 draw with Tranmere Rovers at Prenton Park late in the season. However, his sold performances more than made up for his goal drought.
The following season, the club pushed for a second successive promotion, aiming for the Premier League. Rougier was loaned out to Brighton & Hove Albion late in the season, scoring twice for the "Seagulls" in six appearances, leading to speculation of a permanent transfer. Returning to the Madejski Stadium in time for the play-offs, he played a part of the semi-final second leg, replacing Darius Henderson after 64 minutes. Eventual play-off winners Wolverhampton Wanderers beat Reading 3–1 on aggregate. At the end of the campaign, Rougier was not offered a new contract, and instead signed with Brentford.
Rougier played 34 games for Brentford in the 2003–04 season before switching to Bristol City in late March. On 2 May, his 21st minute winner over Barnsley proved not enough to catch Queens Park Rangers, though the club had easily qualified for the play-offs. He scored the opener of the semi-final with Hartlepool United at Victoria Park, City winning 2–1 on aggregate, before falling 1–0 at the Millennium Stadium to his old club Brighton. After being released by City he left the Football League that summer.
After a short spell with Chinese club Nanjing Yoyo and speculation of signing with Northampton Town in September 2005, he spent a brief period in the United States with USL Pro club Rochester Rhinos. He ended his playing career back in Trinidad with United Petrotrin, before becoming Technical Advisor at North East Stars under manager David Farrell in 2008. In 2009, he co-founded FC South End, which is the newest club to compete in the TT Pro League. In July 2009, he registered himself as a player-coach in order to boost the fortunes of his struggling side.
International career.
Rougier earned 67 caps for the Trinidad and Tobago national team between 1995 and 2005, scoring five goals. He served as captain on numerous occasions. During this time his country won the Caribbean Cup in 1996 and 1999, beating Cuba on home soil in the final on both occasions. They also reached the final in 1998, but were beaten 2–1 by Jamaica. He was also in the squad for the 1996 and 2000 editions of the CONCACAF Gold Cup.
He was on the 24-man shortlist for the squad for the 2006 FIFA World Cup, but was excluded from the final 23. Manager Leo Beenhakker said: "The guy worked fantastically and he did everything he had to do to try and make it and in the end I had to make a decision."
International goals.
Trinidad and Tobago's goal tally first.
Personal life.
A "proud and passionate Christian", Rougier used to celebrate goals with a prayer.
He advised good friend and fellow footballer Dwight Yorke to "calm down a bit with the ladies" following Yorke's love life being splashed across the British tabloids. He grew up next door to cricketer Gus Logie and worked at an airport in New York before trying his luck with football in England.
His family include wife Trisha and daughters Alishia-Kae and Maya-Kai.

</doc>
<doc id="20256132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256132" title="Let It Be Me (album)">
Let It Be Me (album)

Let It Be Me is the fourth studio album by the Australian singer Jason Donovan. It was released in November 2008, and was Donovan's first new studio album in 15 years. It reached no.28 in the UK.
The album is a collection of cover versions of classic songs from the 1950s and 1960s, with only the final track being an original. Brian Eno produced the bonus track "Nobody But Me".

</doc>
<doc id="20256135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256135" title="Dragoljub">
Dragoljub

Dragoljub is a South Slavic given name, meaning "precious love", may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20256156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256156" title="Rudin–Shapiro sequence">
Rudin–Shapiro sequence

In mathematics the Rudin–Shapiro sequence, also known as the Golay–Rudin–Shapiro sequence is an infinite automatic sequence named after Marcel Golay, Walter Rudin and Harold S. Shapiro, who independently investigated its properties.
Definition.
Each term of the Rudin–Shapiro sequence is either +1 or −1. The "n"th term of the sequence, "b""n", is defined by the rules:
where the ε"i" are the digits in the binary expansion of "n". Thus "a""n" counts the number of (possibly overlapping) occurrences of the sub-string 11 in the binary expansion of "n", and "b""n" is +1 if "a""n" is even and −1 if "a""n" is odd.
For example, "a"6 = 1 and "b"6 = −1 because the binary representation of 6 is 110, which contains one occurrence of 11; whereas "a"7 = 2 and "b"7 = +1 because the binary representation of 7 is 111, which contains two (overlapping) occurrences of 11.
Starting at "n" = 0, the first few terms of the "a""n" sequence are:
and the corresponding terms "b""n" of the Rudin–Shapiro sequence are:
Properties.
The Rudin–Shapiro sequence can be generated by a four state automaton.
There is a recursive definition
The values of the terms "a""n" and "b""n" in the Rudin–Shapiro sequence can be found recursively as follows. If "n" = "m".2"k" where "m" is odd then
Thus "a"108 = "a"13 + 1 = "a"3 + 1 = "a"1 + 2 = "a"0 + 2 = 2, which can be verified by observing that the binary representation of 108, which is 1101100, contains two sub-strings 11. And so "b"108 = (−1)2 = +1.
The Rudin-Shapiro word +1 +1 +1 −1 +1 +1 −1 +1 +1 +1 +1 −1 −1 −1 +1 −1 ..., which is created by concatenating the terms of the Rudin–Shapiro sequence, is a fixed point of the morphism or string substitution rules
as follows:
It can be seen from the morphism rules that the Rudin–Shapiro string contains at most four consecutive +1s and at most four consecutive −1s.
The sequence of partial sums of the Rudin–Shapiro sequence, defined by
with values
can be shown to satisfy the inequality

</doc>
<doc id="20256175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256175" title="Pastorius Park">
Pastorius Park

Pastorius Park is a 16-acre (6.5-ha) park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. It is maintained by the Fairmount Park Commission. Established in 1915, the park was named in honor of Francis Pastorius, a leader of early German immigrants to the area. It is located in the Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia, at Lincoln Drive and Abington Avenue. The park includes a pond and an amphitheater.
The Chestnut Hill Community Association sponsors evening concerts at the park during the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="20256188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256188" title="Career Boy">
Career Boy

Career Boy (foaled 1953 in Kentucky) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
Background.
He was bred and raced by Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney, a member of the prominent horse-racing Whitney family. Out of the mare Swanky, whose damsire Mahmoud won the 1936 Epsom Derby, he was sired by Whitney's Phalanx, the 1947 Belmont Stakes winner and American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse.
Career Boy was trained by future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Sylvester Veitch.
Racing career.
At age two, Career Boy won important races such as the Grand Union Hotel Stakes and the United States Hotel Stakes. He ran second to Needles in the Hopeful Stakes, then had another second-place result in the Garden State Stakes to winner Prince John but ahead of third-place finisher Needles.
Going into his three-year-old season in 1956, Career Boy was assigned the Experimental Free Handicap's 126 pound high-weight. Under jockey Eric Guerin, Career Boy won the Gotham Stakes and ran second in the Blue Grass Stakes en route to a sixth-place finish in the 1956 Kentucky Derby. He did not run in the Preakness Stakes, but in the ensuing Belmont Stakes, the third leg of the U.S. Triple Crown series, he made a powerful stretch run to finish a neck second to Needles with Preakness winner Fabius in third.
In September 1956, Career Boy showed an affinity for racing on the grass with a one-length win under jockey Sam Boulmetis in the United Nations Handicap at Monmouth Park Racetrack. Owner C. V. Whitney then decided to send his top two runners to Longchamp Racecourse in Paris, France, to run in the prestigious Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. Entered with stablemate Fisherman and with Eddie Arcaro riding, Career Boy finished fourth in the 1956 Arc to Ribot. Career Boy's 1956 performances earned him American Champion Male Turf Horse honors.
Stud record.
Retired to stud duty, Career Boy stood in the United States until age thirteen when he was sent to a breeding operation in Argentina. He was not successful as a sire.

</doc>
<doc id="20256224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256224" title="Robert Buchanan (actor)">
Robert Buchanan (actor)

Robert "Rab" Buchanan (born 9 March 1962 in Glasgow) is a former Scottish actor, most famous for playing in three films by director Bill Forsyth: "That Sinking Feeling" (1980), "Gregory's Girl" (1981), and "Comfort and Joy" (1984). Buchanan, like other young actors in these films, had come to the notice of Forsyth while at the former Glasgow Youth Theatre. After these films Buchanan quit acting and now works on the technical staff at Tolbooth Theatre in Stirling, Scotland.
In 2007 Buchanan featured in the BBC One documentary series "Movie Connections", narrated by Ashley Jensen, which had cast and crews of well-known British films, including Gregory's Girl, explaining why they think the films were so popular. On 12 October 2008 Buchanan attended a special showing of "That Sinking Feeling" at the Glasgow Film Theatre (GFT), after which he sat on stage being interviewed by musician Stuart Murdoch, the proceedings being filmed by the GFT. On the invitation of Buchanan, other members of the cast also appeared at the screening.

</doc>
<doc id="20256241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256241" title="Nazad u veliki prljavi grad">
Nazad u veliki prljavi grad

"Nazad u veliki prljavi grad" (trans. "Back to the Big Dirty City") is a single from influential Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba.
B-side features an uncensored version of song "Mirno spavaj" (trans. "Sleep Peacefuly").

</doc>
<doc id="20256244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256244" title="141st Pennsylvania Infantry">
141st Pennsylvania Infantry

The 141st Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry was a volunteer infantry regiment that fought in the Union Army during the American Civil War. The regiment served in the Army of the Potomac in the Eastern Theater and was heavily engaged in the second day of fighting at the Peach Orchard outside of Gettysburg.
History.
The regiment was organized in August 1862, with Henry J. Madill as colonel, Guy H. Watkins as lieutenant colonel, and Israel P. Spalding as major. It was sent to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, where it was organized at Camp Curtin. After a couple of weeks, it was sent to picket the Potomac River in the area of Poolesville, Maryland. 
The regiment became part of the 1st Brigade of the 1st Division of the III Corps. At the Battle of Fredericksburg, the regiment formed part of the force which engaged the Confederate right flank but lost few men. After the battle, the regiment went into winter quarters, but in the spring of 1863 was heavily enaged at the Battle of Chancellorsville, May 1–3, 1863, suffering over 50% casualties.
At the Battle of Gettysburg on July 2, 1863, the unit was detached from the rest of the brigade and sent to the southern part of the Peach Orchard. There, the 141st helped repel the attack of Brigadier General Joseph B. Kershaw's South Carolina Brigade. However, shortly after this the Peach Orchard salient began to collapse. Separated from the rest of its brigade, the regiment never received orders to withdraw and stayed in line of battle near the Peach Orchard. Possibly because of the thick battle smoke, the regiment did not fire on the approaching brigade of Brigadier General William Barksdale. The 141st suffered a devastating volley at close range from one of Barksdale's Mississippi regiments, and after a brief resistance withdrew towards Cemetery Ridge with a loss of almost 70% of its members. Of 209 men present for roll-call earlier in the day, 149 were killed, wounded, or missing in action.
Following the Gettysburg Campaign, the regiment fought in the Bristoe Station Campaign, seeing action at the Battle of Auburn Bridge, one of the final actions fought by the III Corps before its incorporation into the II Corps. The regiment received many replacements over the winter.
In 1864, the regiment fought in the Battle of the Wilderness (May 6-7, 1864), the Battle of Spotsylvania (May 11-12, 1864), and at the Battle of Petersburg (June 18, 1864). The regiment then took part in the Siege of Petersburg.
The 141st participated in the final campaign of the Army of the Potomac and fought at the Battle of Sayler's Creek on March 25, 1865, and again at the Battle of Farmville (April 6-7, 1865). The 141st was present at the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia at Appomattox Court House. The regiment participated in the Grand Review in Washington and was mustered out on May 29, 1865.
Casualties.
The casualty information presented above is derived from the History of the One Hundred Forty-First Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers compiled by David Craft, the regimental Chaplain, after the war.

</doc>
<doc id="20256254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256254" title="Gopnik (surname)">
Gopnik (surname)

Gopnik is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20256301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256301" title="Arnama Lalpur">
Arnama Lalpur

Arnama Lalpur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6841 people living in 1255 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256311" title="Prucalopride">
Prucalopride

Prucalopride (brand name Resolor, developed by Johnson & Johnson and licensed to Movetis) is a drug acting as a selective, high affinity 5-HT4 receptor agonist which targets the impaired motility associated with chronic constipation, thus normalising bowel movements. Prucalopride was approved for use in Europe in 2009 and in Canada (named Resotran) on December 7, 2011 but it has not been approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in the United States. The drug has also been tested for the treatment of chronic intestinal pseudo-obstruction.
Mechanism of action.
Prucalopride, a first in class dihydro-benzofuran-carboxamide, is a selective, high affinity serotonin (5-HT4) receptor agonist with enterokinetic activities. Prucalopride alters colonic motility patterns via serotonin 5-HT4 receptor stimulation: it stimulates colonic mass movements, which provide the main propulsive force for defecation.
The observed effects are exerted via highly selective action on 5-HT4 receptors: prucalopride has >150-fold higher affinity for 5-HT4 receptors than for other receptors. Prucalopride differs from other 5-HT4 agonists such as tegaserod and cisapride, which at therapeutic concentrations also interact with other receptors (5-HT1B/D and the cardiac human ether-a-go-go K+ or hERG channel respectively) and this may account for the adverse cardiovascular events that have resulted in the restricted availability of these drugs. Clinical trials evaluating the effect of prucalopride on QT interval and related adverse events have not demonstrated significant differences compared with placebo.
Pharmacokinetics.
Prucalopride is rapidly absorbed (Cmax attained 2–3 hours after single 2 mg oral dose) and is extensively distributed. Metabolism is not the major route of elimination. "In vitro", human liver metabolism is very slow and only minor amounts of metabolites are found. A large fraction of the active substance is excreted unchanged (about 60% of the administered dose in urine and at least 6% in faeces). Renal excretion of unchanged prucalopride involves both passive filtration and active secretion. Plasma clearance averages 317 ml/min, terminal half-life is 24–30 hours, and steady-state is reached within 3–4 days. On once daily treatment with 2 mg prucalopride, steady-state plasma concentrations fluctuate between trough and peak values of 2.5 and 7 ng/ml, respectively.
"In vitro" data indicate that prucalopride has a low interaction potential, and therapeutic concentrations of prucalopride are not expected to affect the CYP-mediated metabolism of co-medicated medicinal products.
Efficacy.
The primary measure of efficacy in the clinical trials is three or more spontaneous complete bowel movements per week; a secondary measure is an increase of at least one complete spontaneous bowel movement per week. Further measures are improvements in PAC-QOL (a quality of life measure) and PAC-SYM (a range of stool, abdominal, and rectal symptoms associated with chronic constipation). Infrequent bowel movements, bloating, straining, abdominal pain, and defecation urge with inability to evacuate can be severe symptoms, significantly affecting quality of life.
In three large clinical trials, 12 weeks of treatment with prucalopride 2 and 4 mg/day resulted in a significantly higher proportion of patients reaching the primary efficacy endpoint of an average of ≥3 spontaneous complete bowel movements than with placebo. There was also significantly improved bowel habit and associated symptoms, patient satisfaction with bowel habit and treatment, and HR-QOL in patients with severe chronic constipation, including those who did not experience adequate relief with prior therapies (>80% of the trial participants). The improvement in patient satisfaction with bowel habit and treatment was maintained during treatment for up to 24 months; prucalopride therapy was generally well tolerated.
Side effects.
Prucalopride has been given orally to ~2700 patients with chronic constipation in controlled clinical trials. The most frequently reported side effects are headache and gastrointestinal symptoms (abdominal pain, nausea or diarrhoea). Such reactions occur predominantly at the start of therapy and usually disappear within a few days with continued treatment.
Prescribing information.
In the EEA, prucalopride is approved for the symptomatic treatment of chronic constipation in women in whom laxatives fail to provide adequate relief. The recommended dosage in adults is 2 mg administered orally once daily; exceeding this dosage is not expected to increase efficacy. The recommended starting dose in elderly patients (>65 years) is 1 mg once daily; thereafter the dosage can be increased to 2 mg once daily, if needed.
Contraindications.
Prucalopride is contraindicated where there is hypersensitivity to the active substance or to any of the excipients, renal impairment requiring dialysis, intestinal perforation or obstruction due to structural or functional disorder of the gut wall, obstructive ileus, severe inflammatory conditions of the intestinal tract, such as Crohn's disease, and ulcerative colitis and toxic megacolon/megarectum.

</doc>
<doc id="20256316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256316" title="Arnama Rampur">
Arnama Rampur

Arnama Rampur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2613 people living in 470 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256327" title="Asanpur">
Asanpur

Asanpur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7206 people living in 1336 individual households.
The main bazar is Golbazar, which contains the entire economic, medical and other facilities available for the VDC. It lies on the side of Mahendra Highway. Well it is one of the business point of the District. The market at golbazar has huge mass in buying and selling point of view. Most of the branches of banks even lies here. There are huge number of establishment of Sahakari Sansthan. Some of the famous temples are Dhaminthan, Shiva Mandir, Durga Mandir.

</doc>
<doc id="20256340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256340" title="Ashokpur Balkawa">
Ashokpur Balkawa

Ashokpur Balkawa is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4787.

</doc>
<doc id="20256347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256347" title="Unseen America">
Unseen America

Unseen America is the name of a field social sciences course initiated and taught by students in a number of versions, beginning in 1985 at Stanford University and taught continually for several years at the University of California, Berkeley. It is also a name of a non-governmental organization (Unseen America Projects, Inc.), founded by students at Stanford and the University of California, Berkeley in the late 1980s to promote democratic, experiential education in the United States and abroad.
History.
"The Unseen America" was first taught at Stanford University in the spring of 1985 as an accredited course in the Undergraduate Specials Program, sponsored by professor of history Kennell Jackson Jr. and designed by law and business student David Lempert as a special course. The course's objective was to introduce students to the "unseen" communities and aspects of American life and to return the social sciences to its roots – based on empirical work and models coming from reality, rather than from abstraction and books. The idea was also to empower students and to interact directly with the community, recreating the link between the university and the community. Lempert had worked as a teaching assistant in the political science department and felt that book learning and television disconnected students from real-world community problems and individual responsibility as citizens of a democracy. Lempert had spent a year on fellowships from Stanford working as an intern in U.S. embassies; he felt that there was little real connection between his Stanford education (or what was in most social-science, law, business-school texts and cases or classroom discussion) and reality. In the first course students visited a Native American reservation in California, a federal prison, a migrant worker camp, a military installation, a factory, a soup kitchen, a factory, and a mental institution; they directly contrasted standard social-science readings and models with the reality they observed. The course focused on model-building and field social-science skills.
After the success of the first course, a group of undergraduate students taught a version of the course at Stanford in 1986; this course focused more directly on social services and disabilities. The students who led that course included Xavier Briggs (now a sociologist) and Jim Pitofsky. Three students at the University of California, Berkeley, also sought to develop a version of "The Unseen America" in 1989; they taught it under that name (sponsored by the political science department, Professor William Muir, the conservation and resource studies and humanities departments) as part of Berkeley's DECAL (Democratic Education at the University of California) program. That course focused more on the issues of knowledge and interpreting information. The Berkeley course has continued to be taught under the sponsorship of the political science department, an example of a student-initiated course which has been integrated into the mainstream curriculum.
Lempert has developed several other courses (under different names but using the same model) in the social sciences and humanities this included a course (with Harvard University and Brown University undergraduate students) to write a national development plan as a team for a country. This combined education with a high-level project, and offered an alternative to top-down plans driven by international financial institutions. After three months of field work the students prepared a plan (in Spanish) which they personally presented to Ecuadorian president Rodrigo Borja, on national Ecuadorian television and in newspapers. That plan has been translated into English and published as a textbook for students in sustainable development courses. The University of California, Berkeley, also experimented with social-science-laboratory courses parallel to their lecture courses, applying the Unseen America concept for field social science paralleling natural-science courses.
The Unseen America concept has also included proposals for student museums and protection of student history; community development banks run by students; student export-import businesses and student consulting firms, linking student initiatives and community needs.
Legacy.
The Unseen America movement is one of several educational movements in clinical education and service learning which have continued to gain momentum since the 1980s, promoting skills-based and community-based learning. "The Unseen America" itself was inspired by clinical education work, such as the Stanford Law School's East Palo Alto Community Law Project and student-initiated, field-education courses that were developed in the 1960s. It differs in attempting to transform the curriculum (and the nature of the university) into becoming more democratic, more empirical and more accountable to communities, rather than "technical-skill-" or "donation"-oriented.
Students involved with the initial Unseen America published their syllabi and explanations of how to institutionalize similar courses in two books published during the 1990s: "Escape from the Ivory Tower: student adventures in democratic experiential education" and "A Model Development Plan". A manual, "Escape from Professional Schools", offers tools for applying the Unseen America approach to law, business and public-administration schools and social-science departments in Asia, Eastern Europe, Africa, and Latin America (based on case studies there). Student founders have gone on to develop similar initiatives elsewhere. Course founder David Lempert has offered these ideas for educational reform to universities around the world, partly through the Soros Foundation. Jim Pitofsky has founded a spinoff non-governmental organization, IDEALS, to apply the Unseen America approach at the secondary school level.

</doc>
<doc id="20256353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256353" title="West Jefferson High School (Louisiana)">
West Jefferson High School (Louisiana)

West Jefferson High School, also known as WJHS, and West Jeff is a public high school located in Harvey in unincorporated Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States, just outside of New Orleans. It was founded in 1955. This is one of the schools in Jefferson Parish that offered the Laptop one to one initiative program. West Jefferson also offers transportation for students to and from school for free. This is a Title I school The school was damaged by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
Enrollment.
Students who live outside West Jefferson's specific school district may not be allowed to enroll in this school. West Jefferson has 1,398 students during this school year (2009–2010). Demographics show that the student body consists of 812 African American, 251 Hispanic, 240 Caucasian (non-Hispanic), 87 Asian/Pacific Islander, and 8 American Indian/Alaskan Native students. There are 442 Freshmen (Ninth Graders), 380 Sophomores (Tenth Graders), 290 Juniors (Eleventh Graders), and 286 Seniors (Twelfth Graders). The ratio of gender is approximately 1:1.

</doc>
<doc id="20256360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256360" title="René de Latour">
René de Latour

René de Latour (born New York, USA, 30 September 1906, died Quiberon, France, 4 September 1986) was a Franco-American sports journalist, race director of the Tour de l'Avenir cycle race, and correspondent of the British magazine, "Sporting Cyclist", to which he contributed to 120 of the 131 issues.
Background.
René de Latour was born in 42nd Street, New York. His father was French, born in Lyon, and his mother Belgian, from Verviers. The family returned to France at the start of World War I, when de Latour was eight. He never lost a slight American accent when he spoke English.
The war was an exciting time for a young boy and de Latour made the most of that and his freedom. In 1917 he met American soldiers in Paris and became their interpreter and guide. He took them to the Folies Bergère when he was 11. His American links gave him an interest in baseball but it was cycling that filled his life.
Cycling.
The venue for cycle-racing in the centre of Paris was the Vélodrome d'Hiver, an indoor track close to the Eiffel Tower. There he met the Canadian star, Willie Spencer, becoming not just interpreter and guide but his odd-job boy, or runner, during races. He boasted that that was the last time he ever paid to enter the velodrome.
De Latour shared a bike with his brother until he was 15. The next year he saved for his own and then joined the Club Sportif de Montrouge, in southern Paris. He became a modest racer but nothing better. At 20, French law gave him the opportunity to decide his nationality. He could be American through his birth in the USA or French through his father. He chose to be French and spent 18 months in the army.
He returned to the Vel' d'Hiv' on leaving national service and again looked after Americans, including the motor-paced champion, Charlie Jaeger. That brought him a job with Reggie McNamara during six-day races and eventually as trainer, or at any rate advisor, to Hubert Opperman in the Tour de France. 
It was in the Vel' d'Hiv, according to a report in "The Bicycle" that "Latour, cycling reporter" was held with other cycling officials and journalists as a suspected collaborator during the German occupation of France between 1940 and 1944.
Journalism.
René de Latour's byline first appeared in "Paris-Soir" in 1932. He was recruited by the chief cycling writer, Gaston Benac. He helped Benac find the route for the first Grand Prix des Nations.
He moved to "L'Équipe", for which he not only wrote but directed the Tour de l'Avenir for 10 years. He said the highlight of his career was being taken for dinner by Fausto Coppi and hearing from him of his dispute and rivalry with Gino Bartali.
Personality.
Jock Wadley, who recruited de Latour for "Sporting Cyclist" and took him to "International Cycle Sport" after "Sporting Cyclist" 's closure, described de Latour as "an undemonstrative man who may appear sullen. His humour is dry and, to an Englishman, rather stern;"
The British journalist Ron White once asked de Latour what happened to the British riders in the Tour de l'Avenir. De Latour answered, without looking up: "I don't know - I wasn't that far back."
De Latour often travelled by scooter, usually a Vespa. He paced Fausto Coppi during his warm-up for the world hour record at the Vigorelli track in Milan. De Latour was the last editor of "Vespa Journal" while he was still working at "L'Équipe"
He wrote a novel, "Le Mort mène le Peloton" (death leads the race) in 1951 and, in English, "World Champions I Have Known"
Retirement and death.
De Latour retired at the start of the 1980s to a cottage with a library in Quiberon. He had a stroke and developed dementia. He died aged 79.

</doc>
<doc id="20256378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256378" title="Dragović">
Dragović

Dragović is a Montenegrin, Serbian and Croatian surname, meaning "son of Drago", may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20256397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256397" title="Israt Manzil Palace">
Israt Manzil Palace

Israt Manzil was one of the royal residences of the Nawabs of Dhaka. The mansion served as a retreat for members of the Dhaka Nawab Family. 
Israt Manzil is best known for hosting the opening session of the All India Muhammadan Educational Conference in 1906. The conference, sponsored by Nawab Sir Khwaja Salimullah, the Nawab of Dhaka, established the All India Muslim League, the first Muslim political party of the Indian Subcontinent. The party, which became the prime platform for Indian Muslims and led to the creation of Pakistan, was formed against the backdrop of political agitation by the Indian National Congress against the 1905 Partition of Bengal. 
During the durbar at Israt Manzil palace, delegates debated the new name to be given to the political party. A party styled as All India Muslim Confederacy was discussed. But, in the process the name All India Muslim League, proposed by Nawab Sir Khwaja Salimullah Bahadur and seconded by Hakim Ajmal Khan, was resolved in the meeting.
In 1912, a delegation led by Baron Hardinge of Penshurst, the Viceroy of India, met with Nawab Sir Khwaja Salimullah. During the meeting, Sir Salimullah demanded the establishment of a university for the mainly Muslim people of eastern Bengal. The demands would be realised with the establishment of the University of Dhaka in 1921. The university, which would later gain fame as being "the Oxford of the East", started functioning from Israt Manzil. 
The present day Madhur Canteen, situated in the northeastern part of the Arts Faculty compound of Dhaka University was the Jalsaghar of this garden-house. The floor and the spacious surrounding area of the building were covered with marbles. The building was also called 'Skating Pavilion' since members of the Nawab family used to skate there.

</doc>
<doc id="20256402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256402" title="Kad hodaš">
Kad hodaš

"Kad hodaš" (trans. "When You Walk") is a single from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba.
The B-side features the song "Priča o Žiki Živcu" (trans. "The Story of Žika 'Nerve'").
Background.
The song "Kad hodaš" was written by the band's guitarist Momčilo Bajagić for the band's 1984 album "Večeras vas zabavljaju muzičari koji piju".
In 2009, pop/rock singer Marina Perazić claimed that she (at the time singer in the synthpop duo Denis & Denis) and Bajagić had a short-time relationship in the 1980s and that Bajagić dedicated "Kad hodaš" to her. However, Bajagić denied the claim that the song was dedicated to Perazić.
Other versions.
After he left Riblja Čorba, Bajagić continued to perform the song with his new band, Bajaga i Instruktori. Bajaga i Instruktori live album "Neka svemir čuje nemir" features a version of the song.
Legacy.
In 2006, "Kad hodaš" was ranked #4 on the B92 Top 100 Yugoslav songs list.

</doc>
<doc id="20256418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256418" title="CIKR">
CIKR

CIKR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20256440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256440" title="Nur Mohammad">
Nur Mohammad

Nur Mohammad () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20256457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256457" title="Cheikh Mohammad">
Cheikh Mohammad

Cheikh Mohammad is a village situated in the Lebanese Akkar District. Situated 400 metres above sea level, in between two mountains, it overlooks the Akkar plains and sea. It is made up of approximately 450 houses, with 99% of the population being Christian, mostly Orthodox and Melkite Catholics. This small village contains two schools, a primary and secondary as well as two churches, one dating back hundreds of years.And the very first hospital in AKKAR .
Politics.
The residents of this village are predominantly Doctors of medicine, teachers, soldiers in the Lebanese army, police officers, or labourers part of the Future Movement.
Village life.
The Village is divided into two sections, the upper and the lower. The upper is predominantly made up the of Bitar And Khoury families. The lower is predominantly made up of the El-Cheikh, Mahfoud, Boustani, Taoum and Helwe families, although many of the families members have travelled abroad to escape the civil war of 1975-1990, many have returned in recent years. Many of them have also expanded and moved to many countries including Australia, United States of America, Canada, France, Brazil, Venezuela and Argentina. 
Cheikh Mohammad is 5 minutes walk away from Halba, the capital city of Akkar, providing quick access to all household needs.

</doc>
<doc id="20256459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256459" title="Epsom Gold Cup">
Epsom Gold Cup

The Epsom Gold Cup was an English Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Epsom Downs Racecourse in Epsom, Surrey.
Raced in late May, it was open to horses age three and older. During the latter part of the 19th century the race offered a purse of five hundred sovereigns in plate or specie and attracted top horses of the era.
It was superseded by the Coronation Cup in 1902.
Winners (partial list).
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20256463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256463" title="International Farming Systems Collection">
International Farming Systems Collection

The International Farming Systems Digital Collection within the University of Florida Digital Collections includes teaching, research, and extension resources related to the "Farming Systems" approach to international agricultural development. 
The collection materials come from the personal library of Peter E. Hildebrand who is a founder of Farming Systems. The collection's focus includes materials that supported putting farmers first and increasing number of smallholder farmers and their heterogeneous livelihood systems on a global scale. One of the two core areas covered is the development over time of methods that help development professionals understand the livelihood of smallholder farming and its limited resource households. The second core area includes literature describing the diverse livelihood strategies of the households living in various parts of the world. These limited resource households represent nearly a billion people struggling to survive on a daily basis.

</doc>
<doc id="20256470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256470" title="Salcomine">
Salcomine

Salcomine is a coordination complex derived from the salen ligand and cobalt. The complex, which is planar, and a variety of its derivatives are carriers for O2 as well as oxidation catalysts.
Preparation and structure.
The compound features square planar Co(II). It forms a variety of five-coordinate adducts, as is typical for complexes of d7 metals. In addition to oxygen and nitrogen donor sites provided by the salen2-, the metal typically is bound to pyridine (py) to give the complex Co(salen)(py). Such complexes bind O2 to give derivatives of the type (μ-O2)and [Co(salen)py(O2).
Salcomine is commercially available. It may be easily synthesized from cobalt(II) acetate and salenH2:
2 + salenH2 → Co(salen) + 2 HOAc-->
Applications.
The 1938 report that this compound reversibly bound O2 led to intensive research on salen and related ligands for the storage or transport of oxygen. Salcomine catalyzes the oxidation of 2,6-disubstituted phenols by dioxygen.

</doc>
<doc id="20256472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256472" title="Øl, mørke og depresjon">
Øl, mørke og depresjon

Øl, mørke og depresjon "(Beer, Darkness and Depression)" is the first album by Norwegian black metal supergroup Den Saakaldte, released on by Eerie Art Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20256476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256476" title="Rock 'n Roll Children">
Rock 'n Roll Children

"Rock 'n Roll Children" is the second album by Finnish band Sturm und Drang.
The album was released 12 November 2008 in Finland, and 16 January 2009 in other parts of Europe. "Rock 'n Roll Children" went straight to number two on the Finnish sales chart and it also sold gold (15.000 records) within one week in Finland. The album was produced by Jimmy Westerlund, and co-produced by André Linman, Patrick Linman, Mats Persson, Erik Mårtensson and Johan Becker. Jani Liimatainen (Ex-Sonata Arctica, Cain's Offering) wrote the song "River Runs Dry".
The first single from the album, "Break Away", was released 22 September 2008.
"Rock 'n Roll Children" was released in Germany 16 January 2009, with a different tracklisting.
Track listing.
Bonus tracks:
German edition.
The German release of the album featured a different tracklisting.
Bonus DVD.
A special digipak version released in Germany featured a bonus DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="20256480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256480" title="Aurahi, Siraha">
Aurahi, Siraha

Aurahi, Siraha is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4461 people living in 782 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256488" title="Ayodhyanagar">
Ayodhyanagar

Ayodhyanagar is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2952 people living in 526 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256490" title="Joachim Mattern">
Joachim Mattern

Joachim Mattern (born May 2, 1948 in Beeskow) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the 1970s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two medals at Montreal in 1976 with a gold in the K-2 500 m and silver in the K-2 1000 m events. 
Mattern also won five medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-2 500 m: 1977), two silvers (K-2 1000 m: 1977, K-4 1000 m: 1970), and two bronzes (K-2 1000 m: 1970, 1973).

</doc>
<doc id="20256496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256496" title="Badharamal">
Badharamal

Badharamal is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10,766 people living in 2116 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256506" title="Barchhawa">
Barchhawa

Barchhawa is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3000 people living in 571 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256515" title="Bariyarpatti">
Bariyarpatti

Bariyarpatti is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3624 people living in 650 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256522" title="Mekas">
Mekas

Mekas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20256524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256524" title="Basbita">
Basbita

Basbita is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2780 people living in 507 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256535" title="Bastipur, Sagarmatha">
Bastipur, Sagarmatha

Bastipur, Sagarmatha is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4527 people living in 847 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256540" title="Belaha">
Belaha

Belaha is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4322 people living in 696 individual households. Belaha is a a subdivision of a Napali third-order administrative division. Its center lies at a latitude of 26.7065000 and longitude of 86.2155000, and it has an elevation of 84 meters above sea level. Its currency is the Rupee (NPR).

</doc>
<doc id="20256550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256550" title="Belhi, Sagarmatha">
Belhi, Sagarmatha

Belhi is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3173 people living in 617 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256564" title="Betauna">
Betauna

Betauna is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4091 people living in 714 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256566" title="Bernd Olbricht">
Bernd Olbricht

Bernd Olbricht (born October 17, 1956 in Gnoien) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won four medals with two golds (1976: K-2 500 m, 1980: K-4 1000 m), one silver (1976: K-2 1000 m), and one bronze (1980: K-2 500 m).
Olbricht also won six medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with four golds (K-2 500 m: 1977, 1978; K-4 1000 m: 1978, 1979) and two silvers (K-2 500 m: 1979, K-2 1000 m: 1977).

</doc>
<doc id="20256573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256573" title="Bhadaiya">
Bhadaiya

Bhadaiya is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3748 people living in 648 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256586" title="Bhagawanpur, Sagarmatha">
Bhagawanpur, Sagarmatha

Bhagawanpur is a Village Development Committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2845 people residing in 455 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256595" title="Bhagawatipur, Sagarmatha">
Bhagawatipur, Sagarmatha

Bhagawatipur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3653 people living in 572 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256601" title="Bhawanipur, Sagarmatha">
Bhawanipur, Sagarmatha

Bhawanipur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4054 people living in 754 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256609" title="Bhawanpur Kalabanzar">
Bhawanpur Kalabanzar

Bhawanpur Kalabanzar is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2769 people living in 457 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256610" title="Vladimir Romanovsky">
Vladimir Romanovsky

Vladimir Romanovsky (June 21, 1957 in Slonim, Belarusian SSR – May 13, 2013) was a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He won two medals at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal with a gold in the K-2 1000 m and a silver in the K-2 500 m events.
Romanovsky also won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (K-2 10000 m: 1981, K-4 10000 m: 1982) and a bronze (K-2 1000 m: 1977).

</doc>
<doc id="20256631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256631" title="List of artists who have released Irish-language songs">
List of artists who have released Irish-language songs

The following is a partial list of a few music artists who have released songs in the Irish language.

</doc>
<doc id="20256632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256632" title="Sprinkler fitting">
Sprinkler fitting

Sprinkler fitting is an occupation consisting of the installing, testing, inspecting, and certifying of automatic fire suppression systems in all types of structures. Sprinkler systems installed by sprinkler fitters can include the underground supply as well as integrated overhead piping systems and standpipes. The fire suppression piping may contain water, air (in a dry system), antifreeze, gas or chemicals as in a hood system, or a mixture producing fire retardant foam.
Sprinkler fitters work with a variety of pipe and tubing materials including several types of plastic, copper, steel, cast iron, and ductile iron.
Sprinkler fitters specialize in piping associated with fire sprinkler systems. The piping within these types of systems are required to be installed and maintained in accordance with strict guidelines in order to maintain compliance with the local building code and the fire code. This type of fire protection is considered a part of active fire protection rather than passive fire protection.
Local and national standards.
In the US, fire protection systems must adhere to the standards set forth in the installation standards of NFPA 13, (NFPA) 13D,(NFPA) 13R, (NFPA 14) and (NFPA) 25which are administered, copyrighted, and published by the National Fire Protection Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20256636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256636" title="Bhokraha, Sagarmatha">
Bhokraha, Sagarmatha

Bhokraha is a Village Development Committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1406 people residing in 273 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256641" title="Bishnupur Pra. Ma.">
Bishnupur Pra. Ma.

Bishnupur Pra. Ma. is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4358.

</doc>
<doc id="20256649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256649" title="Serhei Nahorny">
Serhei Nahorny

Serhiy Nahorniy (born December 8, 1956) is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed from the late 1970s and the early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two medals at Montreal in 1976 with a gold in the K-2 1000 m and a silver in the K-2 500 m events.
Nahorny also won two bronze medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships, earning them in the K-2 1000 m (1977) and K-4 1000 m (1979) events.

</doc>
<doc id="20256655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256655" title="Bishnupur Pra. Ra.">
Bishnupur Pra. Ra.

Bishnupur Pra. Ra. is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4693.

</doc>
<doc id="20256657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256657" title="Vojislav">
Vojislav

Vojislav (. ) - is a South Slavic given name consists of two parts: "Voj" - which means "war, warrior", and "slav" - which means "glory, fame". Feminine form: Vojislava. The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20256666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256666" title="Bishnupurkahi">
Bishnupurkahi

Bishnupur Katti is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7532 people living in 1370 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256676" title="Brahmagaughadi">
Brahmagaughadi

Brahmagaughadi is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3155.

</doc>
<doc id="20256682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256682" title="Chandra Ayodhyapur">
Chandra Ayodhyapur

Chandra Ayodhyapur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5800.

</doc>
<doc id="20256692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256692" title="Chandralalpur">
Chandralalpur

Chandralalpur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4269 people living in 777 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256707" title="Chandrodayapur">
Chandrodayapur

Chandrodayapur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4507 people living in 853 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256721" title="Chatari">
Chatari

Chatari is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1940 people living in 376 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20256738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256738" title="Café de Paris (TV series)">
Café de Paris (TV series)

Café de Paris is an American variety show broadcast on the now defunct DuMont Television Network. The series ran from January to March of 1949. It was a musical variety program set in a Paris bistro, and starred movie actress Sylvie St. Clair. The program aired Monday, Wednesday, and Friday on most DuMont affiliates. The series was cancelled after just two months.

</doc>
<doc id="20256746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256746" title="Larion Serghei">
Larion Serghei

Larion Serghei (born March 11, 1952) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s. He won a bronze medal in the K-2 500 m event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.
Serghei also won two medals at the 1975 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Belgrade with a silver in the K-2 1000 m and a bronze in the K-2 500 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="20256754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256754" title="Luis Yanza">
Luis Yanza

Luis Yanza (born 1962 in Gualaceo) is an environmental activist from Ecuador, of Cofán descent. He serves as president of the Frente de Defensa de la Amazonia (Amazon Defense Front), an NGO representing the interests of the campesinos and indigenous peoples in Ecuador.
Honors.
Yanza received the Goldman Environment Prize in 2008, along with Pablo Fajardo Mendoza. The two have been organizing indigenous communities in Ecuador to fight against international oil companies, in order to clean up devastated areas in the Ecuadorian jungle, which has become polluted from years of oil production.
Yanza and Fajardo's publication of the environmental effects from oil production has led to stronger environmental protection laws in Ecuador.
Legal action.
As president of the Frente de Defensa de la Amazonia, Yanza has spearheaded the multi-billion-dollar class action lawsuit against Chevron-Texaco for its environmental damage in Ecuador. "This trial is not about accidental damages. We´re talking about harm to people and the environment that was done in a deliberate manner," says Yanza. The Ecuadorian courts ruled in against Chevron; however, Chevron is attempting to counter-sue Yanza, Fajardo, and their New York-based lawyer, Steven Donziger.

</doc>
<doc id="20256766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256766" title="Mustafa Bushati">
Mustafa Bushati

Mustafa (Pasha) Bushati was an Ottoman Pasha and a noble of the Bushati family in Ottoman controlled Albania. He ruled the Pashalik of Scutari from 1774 until 1778, when he was succeeded by Kara Mahmud Bushati.

</doc>
<doc id="20256769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256769" title="Policarp Malîhin">
Policarp Malîhin

Policarp Malîhin (born March 9, 1954) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s. He won a bronze medal in the K-2 500 m event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.
Malîhin also won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two silvers (K-2 1000 m: 1975, K-4 500 m: 1977) and a bronze (K-2 500 m: 1975).

</doc>
<doc id="20256782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256782" title="Jalan Hospital Serdang">
Jalan Hospital Serdang

Jalan Hospital Serdang, Federal Route is an institutional facilities federal road in Selangor, Malaysia. It is a main route to Serdang Hospital from the South Klang Valley Expressway (SKVE) and acts as an emergency route to the hospital.
Route background.
The Kilometre Zero of the Federal Route 345 starts at the Serdang Hospital (West)-SKVE interchange.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 345 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20256797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256797" title="Dragoslav">
Dragoslav

Dragoslav is a South Slavic given name, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20256802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256802" title="Zgornje Danje">
Zgornje Danje

Zgornje Danje (in older sources also "Zgornje Dajne", ) is a high-elevation settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. Although there are seven houses in the settlement, it no longer has any permanent residents.

</doc>
<doc id="20256818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256818" title="Ayato Hasebe">
Ayato Hasebe

Career.
Hasebe was born near Niigata and joined local side Albirex Niigata as a trainee from school. Hasebe is a graduate of the Albirex youth academy and signed his first professional contract in the winter of 2008. He made his first team debut on 3 May 2008 in the J. League match against Oita Trinita, coming on as a second half substitute for Fumiya Kogure in the 45th minute. During the 2009 season, Hasebe was loaned out to Hokushin'etsu First League side Japan Soccer College, and later Japan Football League side Zweigen Kanazawa. In total Hasebe made 41 appearances for these clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="20256847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256847" title="Bouladuff">
Bouladuff

Bouladuff (), also known as Inch and The Ragg, is a village in North Tipperary, Ireland. According to the CSO census of 2011, the population is 409 a reduction of 43 people since the previous Census in 2006. It is in the barony of Eliogarty.
Location and access.
It lies 5 miles from Thurles and 3 miles from Borrisoleigh. The village is set in the Suir valley and bounded by the Silvermine Mountains to the northwest and the Slieveardagh hills to the Southeast. The main road is the R498 regional road from Nenagh to Thurles.
The area around Bouladuff is rich and varied in scenery with views of the Devils Bit and Tower mountains.
Notes.
Putting the barony in its historico-geographical context.
Explanation for the use of "North Tipperary" instead of "County Tipperary".

</doc>
<doc id="20256855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256855" title="1983–84 KNVB Cup">
1983–84 KNVB Cup

The 66th edition of the KNVB Cup started on October 8, 1983. The final was played on May 2, 1984: Feyenoord beat Fortuna Sittard 1–0 and won the cup for the sixth time. Replays were held if teams were tied after ninety minutes.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on October 8 and 9, 1983.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on November 12 and 13, 1983.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played during January, 1984.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played between February 29 and March 4, 1984.
Semi-finals.
The semi-finals were played on March 28, 1984.
Final.
Feyenoord also won the Dutch Eredivisie championship, thereby taking the double. They would participate in the European Cup, so finalists Fortuna Sittard could play in the Cup Winners' Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20256861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256861" title="Mehmed Bushati">
Mehmed Bushati

Mehmed (Pasha) Bushati was an Albanian Pasha and a noble of the Bushati family in the Ottoman vilayet of Shkodra, which nowadays is known as Albania. Mehmet Bushati was also known as Mehmet Plaku (Mehmet the Old) a title given to him since he was the Sufi Shaykh of the Terzi Esnaf of Shkodra. He is credited with the creation of the Pashalik of Scutari and ruled it from 1768 until 1774, when he was succeeded by Mustafa Pasha Bushati. During his rule he managed to subdue the Arab and Berber Muslim pirates of the port cities of Tivar and Ulqin, who together with many Albanian pirates were disrupting the trade of the Italian city states with the Orient. During the Ruso - Turkish war of 1768 – 1774 he managed to become the Kapudan-i-derja of the Western Ottoman fleet. 

</doc>
<doc id="20256868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256868" title="Sergei Chukhray">
Sergei Chukhray

Sergei Chukhray (, born May 31, 1955 in Belogorsk, Amur Oblast) is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won three gold medals with one in 1976 (K-4 1000 m) and two in 1980 (K-2 500 m, K-2 1000 m).
Chukhray also won nine medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (K-2 500 m: 1979, K-2 1000 m: 1978, K-4 10000 m: 1982), three silvers (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1974, K-4 500 m: 1979, 1983), and three bronzes (K-2 500 m: 1978, K-2 1000 m: 1979, K-4 1000 m: 1983).

</doc>
<doc id="20256890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256890" title="Metallurgy during the Copper Age in Europe">
Metallurgy during the Copper Age in Europe

The Copper Age, also called the Eneolithic or the Chalcolithic Age, has been traditionally understood as a transitional period between the Neolithic and the Bronze Age, in which a gradual introduction of the metal (native copper) took place, while stone was still the main resource utilized. Recent archaeology has found that the metal was not introduced so gradually and that this entailed significant social changes, such as hierarchical leadership, developments in the type of habitation (larger villages, launching of fortifications), long-distance trade, and copper metallurgy.
Roughly, the Copper Age could be situated chronologically between the 5th and 6th millennium BC in places like the archaeological sites of Majdanpek, Јarmovac and Pločnik (a copper axe from 5500 BC belonging to the Vinča culture). Somewhat later, in 5th millennium BC, metalwork is attested at Rudna Glava mine in Serbia, and at Ai Bunar mine in Bulgaria.
3rd millennium BC copper metalwork is attested in places like Palmela (Portugal), Cortes de Navarra (Spain), and Stonehenge (United Kingdom). However, as often happens with the prehistoric times, the limits of the age cannot be clearly defined and vary with different sources.
Inception of metallurgy in Europe.
The theory that metallurgy was imported into Europe from the Near East has been practically ruled out. A second hypothesis, that there were two main points of origin of metallurgy in Europe, in southern Spain and in West Bulgaria, is also doubtful due to the existence of sites outside the centers of diffusion where metallurgy was known simultaneously with, or before, those in the ‘original’ nuclei, such as Brixlegg (Tyrol, Austria), while sites closer to the supposed origins of metallurgy, such as in the north of Spain, show fewer metal artifacts than sites in the south and practically no evidence of production (Perez Arrondo 1986).
Nowadays, the general opinion is that the development of metallurgy took place independently in different places, at different times, with various techniques. One fact that supports this interpretation is that, although the final products (beads, rings, sickles, swords, axes, etc.) are quite similar throughout Europe, the method of production is not. Thus the use of crucibles was the technique utilized in the south of Spain, whereas central Europe employed a slagging process, but Cabrierés (France) used a primitive oxidizing non-slagging process (Bourgarit, et al. 2003), while in the British Isles the absence of debris, slag or ceramic suggests another technique (Craddock 1995).
Consequently, the way in which metallurgy was initiated differs considerably depending on the region. There are areas in which copper seems to play a crucial role (i.e., the Balkans), whereas other areas show no interest in it at all. Then there are societies that use copper artifacts but do not practice metallurgy (Mohen 1992; 71), and there are other ones that fully adopt some of the cultural innovations but ignore the rest. One example of the latter is Basque country in northern Spain, where splendid large dolmens are present along the Ebro river, but metal is rather infrequent, and when it does appear between the trapping, it is more often bronze or arsenical copper than copper (Cava 1984).
Reasons to use copper.
Copper is the eighth most abundant metal in the Earth's crust, available all over the world and one of the few that can appear in pure state (Atkinson 1987). It is not complicated to work with, a bare hammering can be enough to transform a nugget into a bead. The eye-catching look of the native copper makes it easy to recognize, and even flashier if converted into jewelry, a possible motivation for humankind to start the metallurgy with it. An evolutive technological process (Coghlan 1975, Mohen 1992; 48) has been described, although there are authors like Javinovic (Mohen 1992; 52) who think that it is not necessary to pass through the first stages to reach the last one.
Converting copper.
To start with, the raw material must be obtained. Copper can be found in over 160 different minerals (Atkinson 1987), but mining activities are entailed to obtain them in large quantities if a reasonable amount of copper is wanted. Some of the most commonly exploited minerals are cuprite, malachite, azurite, chalcopyrite, chrysocolla and tennantite; e.g. malachite was extracted in Rudna Glava (Serbia), Cabrierés (France) or Chinflón (Riotinto, Spain). In fact, one of the possible explanations about what "Ötzi the Iceman", the ancient mummy found in the Alps who lived around 3300 years BC, was doing at of altitude is that he could have been prospecting for new ores of minerals (Peroni 1996; 336).
Secondly, the mineral is separated from the gangue. This is only possible by smelting or beneficiation. To do so, it is necessary to use a furnace that is able to reach at least .
Lastly, a wide range of specific tools and resources have to be available, such as furnaces, moulds, crucibles, mauls, etc.
Early mining in Europe.
Minerals of copper were known from ancient times. In Crete, little fragments of malachite and azurite were powdered and used as make up or decorate ceramic in an early date such as 6000 BC (Mohen 1992).
Therefore, the minerals were not collected because people were looking for copper but for virtues like those mentioned or simply because of its brightness and colour, but this knowledge of the minerals is critical since they already knew how to recognize them and where to collect them when, later, they started the systematic search for ores.
Numerous examples of mines are known all over Europe (Craddock 1980, Mohen 1992 and 1996, Shennan 1999, Bartelheim et al. 2003) from the east: Rudna Glava (Serbia), Ai Bunar (Bulgaria); to the west: Mount Gabriel (Ireland), Great Orme, Alderley Edge (United Kingdom); crossing Central Europe: Mitterberg (Salzach, Austria), Neuchâtel (Switzerland), Cabrierés (France); to the south: Riotinto, Mola Alta de Serelles (Spain); and the Mediterranean: Corsica, Cyprus, and the Cyclades islands. It is remarkable that, usually, it is not a single mine but a complex, with a variable, large number of mineshafts, as in Rudna Glava (30) or Mount Gabriel (31).
Techniques and tools.
The techniques observed in all of them are quite similar. Basically they used the thermic alteration or firesetting (Mohen 1992, Craddock 1995, Eiroa et al. 1996, Timberlake 2003). This consists of applying fire to the rock and then pouring water over it: the rapid changes of temperature will cause cracks within the rocks that can be totally broken with the help of mauls and picks. Then the useful masses were selected, crushed and transported to the production centre that could be in the surrounding area (Mitterberg) or far away (Rudna Glava).
The mines were exploited in extremely efficient and clever ways, according to the technology available (Jovanovic 1980, Craddock 1995, Timberlake 2003). The entire convenient mineral was collected and the abandon shafts carefully refilled with gangue and rocks (Mohen 1992; 85). For example, at Mount Gabriel, it was estimated that they extracted the astonishing number of of rock, gangue and ore. The usable amount of copper was 162.85 tonnes and the final smelting finished metal was 146.56 tonnes (Jackson 1980; 24). The entire process was thoroughly described in 1744 by Lewis Morris, Crown Mineral Agent for Cardiganshire, and, incidentally, antiquarian (Timberlake, 2003, 22): 
The tools employed are mainly presented in Lewis' observations, but other ones have been recovered in archaeological context:
Society.
The information available about the people of the Copper Age has not substantially increased along with the number of archaeological sites. Several ideas have been proffered, one of the most followed is that the metal itself did not bring abrupt transformation into the people's life (Cunliffe 1998) or even more that "‘early copper does not produce anything useful at all’" (Renfrew 1986, 146), meaning with this that with the copper, they produced mainly jewellery and, overall, weapons that obviously were not within reach of the majority of the population but only to privileged individuals. In other words, the real importance of the metal is not utilitarian but social. This is a suitable explanation about the rising of Great Cultures of Metal such as Vinča culture (Ex-Yugoslavia) Tiszapolgar and Unetice culture (Central Europe), Remedello and Rinaldone (Italy), Montagne Noire (France), El Argar and Targas (Spain), etc.
As the period moved forward, especially around the 3rd millennium, new and complex realities would appear strongly linked to the metal, like the impressive fortified villages of Los Millares (Spain), Vila Nova de Sao Pedro (Portugal) or the more modest cairn next to Copa Hill (United Kingdom) apparently destinated to control the centres of extraction, or the equally stunning and generalized cultural phenomenons of Megalithism, Rock Art, Bell Beakers Vessels… that are known from Scandinavia to the South of Spain and from Scotland to Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20256891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256891" title="Ian Carter">
Ian Carter

Ian Noel Carter (born 20 September 1967) is a Canadian former association football player who played at both professional and international levels.
Early and personal life.
Born in Birmingham, England, Carter grew up in the Canadian city of Mississauga.
Career.
Club career.
Carter made his professional debut in 1987 with Toronto Italia, and also played for Winnipeg Fury, Toronto Blizzard, Peterborough United, Dover Athletic, Montreal Impact, Toronto Lynx and Harrisburg City Islanders.
International career.
Carter was part of the Canada youth squad that took part at the 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship which were held in Chile.
He also earned a total of 8 caps for the Canadian senior team.

</doc>
<doc id="20256898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256898" title="Zgornja Sorica">
Zgornja Sorica

Zgornja Sorica () is a village in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20256903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256903" title="Satoshi Yoshida">
Satoshi Yoshida

He was a member of U-17 Japan national football team for 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20256917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256917" title="Barry Atkinson">
Barry Atkinson

Barry Atkinson is a retired Australian darts player.
Atkinson played in the 1977 Winmau World Masters where he lost in the last 16 stage to Paul Reynolds who went on the reach the final and lose to Eric Bristow. He played in the inaugural BDO World Darts Championship in 1978, but lost in the first round 6-0 in legs to eventual champion Leighton Rees. He returned the next year, but again lost in the first round to Ceri Morgan.
He later released the book "Getting to the Point", which would help the average darts player to improve their game through techniques, tactics and training.
Personal life.
Barry is married to Janet and they have 3 children together, Kevin, Steve & Chris.

</doc>
<doc id="20256931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256931" title="Aella (Amazon)">
Aella (Amazon)

Aella - Ἄελλα (often confused with Aello the Harpy) was one of Hippolyte's Amazons in Greek mythology. She was the first to attack Heracles when he came for Hippolyte's girdle. Unfortunately, Heracles was wearing the Nemean Lion skin from his first labor, making him invulnerable. Aella could not kill Heracles; thus, she was killed instead. Her name means "whirlwind". Aella must have been strong, for she was one of the small group set aside to fight Heracles. It was a long and close battle, but eventually, he took her down. She was known for fighting well with a double-axe.

</doc>
<doc id="20256947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256947" title="Flour mite">
Flour mite

The flour mite, Acarus siro, a pest of stored grains, is one of many species of grain and flour mites. An older name for the species is "Tyroglyphus farinae".
The flour mite, which is pale greyish white in colour with pink legs, is the most common species of mite in foodstuffs. The males are from long and the female is from long.
Flour mites contaminate grain and flour by allergens and they transfer pathogenic microorganisms. Foodstuffs acquire a sickly sweet smell and an unpalatable taste. When fed infested feeds, animals show reduced feed intake, diarrhoea, inflammation of the small intestine, and impaired growth. Pigs have their live-weight gain, feed-to-gain ratio, and nitrogen retention markedly reduced by infested feeds.
Flour mites are intentionally inoculated into Mimolette cheese to improve the flavor. When used for this purpose, they may be referred to as "cheese mites".

</doc>
<doc id="20256954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256954" title="Walter Scott Lenox">
Walter Scott Lenox

Walter Scott Lenox was the American businessman who established Lenox china, supplying the first complete American-made bone china table service for Woodrow Wilson's White House.
Biography.
Lenox resolved to become a ceramicist early in his boyhood. Starting in 1875 at the age of sixteen he first did work for several Trenton potteries. He had developed an excellent reputation in the early 1880s when he was in his twenties and based on this he was hired by Ott and Brewer Pottery Company of Trenton, then Willetts Manufacturing, as its factory art design director. Then he focused on ceramic design and decoration.
When Lenox was thirty he had saved enough money to enter a partnership with a Jonathan Coxon. They opened a firm called the Ceramic Art Company. Lenox wanted to be an expert in producing quality bone china. In the nineteenth century American ceramics and pottery were inferior to European products. Wealthy Americans would buy European dinner services and tableware when they were looking for quality. Lenox at this point had three things to accomplish for his goal to produce quality bone china:
Ceramic Art Company struggled financially in the early years of its operation. The material and labor costs exceeded the profits they were getting from the sales of their products. Lenox bought out Coxon’s interest in the company in 1894. From then on he operated it on his own, as Lenox's Ceramic Art Company. He concentrated on manufacturing Belleek style pottery. This is a ware of a rich, thin, ivory-colored porcelain of extremely high quality as manufactured in Belleek, Ireland. Lenox even hired two expert Belleck potters from Ireland to help him master the technique. The troubled company, however, only went further in debt with the lack of sales and profits. He even had to consent to a new factory building being so designed and constructed as to be able to be easily converted into an apartment building if his company failed.
In the early part of the 1900s Lenox's health began to go on a decline. He was becoming paralyzed and going blind. However, Lenox continued to work at the factory daily increasing his efforts. His chauffeur carried him to his office where he began to monitor the production of porcelain with his hands. He relied heavily on trusting his assistant and secretary Harry Brown, a long-time employee.
In 1906 Lenox established Lenox, Inc. Lenox’s company finally received a large order from Shreve and Company, a retailer. Soon after the delivery, the retailer’s store was leveled in the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and everything destroyed, except for a single glazed Lenox bone china plate that looked as exquisite as it had on the day it was manufactured. This plate became the cornerstone of Lenox's marketing campaign.
Lenox made the first complete set American-made White House china table service, which was for President Woodrow Wilson.

</doc>
<doc id="20256970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256970" title="Makoto Oda (footballer)">
Makoto Oda (footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="20256975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256975" title="Rajakilpakkam">
Rajakilpakkam

Rajakilpakkam is a suburban area of Chennai to the south of the city, near East Tambaram in Tamil Nadu, India. Its post code is 600 073.
Madambakkam High Road connects from Velachery Road at Rajakilpakkam, leading to the community of Nuthanchery. Rajakilpakkam connects nearby areas like Sembakkam, Kamarajapuram, Maruthy Nagar, Mahalakshminagar, Madambakkam.
Located 4 km from Madras Christian College, the place is a hub of various religious communities. There is the temple of Lord Shiva, and the newly commissioned Mahameru temple, featuring an assembly of "Sithars".
A temple dedicated to Lord Anjaneyar (also known an Lord Hanuman) is the Maruthy Nagar Anjaneyar Temple. The temple currently also has a dedicated sanctum for Lord Rama positioned opposite to Lord Anjaneyar within the temple. There is a masjid (mosque) in vallal syed yusuf nagar.
Government Offices in Rajakilpakkam.
Rajakilpakkam has the Office of the Assistant / Deputy Commissioner of Central Excise & Service Tax, Tambaram - I & II Divisions. This Office is located @ Plot No. 40 Indian Bank, Ranga Colony, Rajakilpakkam. This Office governs the jurisdiction of all areas including Kelambakkam, Vengaivasal, Guduvancherry, Alathur, Maraimalai Nagar, Singaperumal Koil and Kancheepuram City. Central Excise is an indirect tax levied on goods manufactured and Service Tax is also an indirect tax levied on various services provided as notified by Govt. of India. 
Banks in Rajakilpakkam.
Indian Bank, Bank of Baroda, HDFC Bank, Andhra Bank, KMBF
ATMs.
State Bank of India, Indian Bank, HDFC, KVB, CUB, Axis, IOB
Super Markets.
Nilgris, More, Jayam, Fish n Fresh, AGS
Restaurants.
Let's Eat, Aachi
Clinics.
Apollo
Computer Shops.
Jayam Cyber Space (Opp. To Jain Sudharsana Flats), Sakthi Computers

</doc>
<doc id="20256988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20256988" title="Herminio Menéndez">
Herminio Menéndez

Herminio Menéndez Rodríguez (born December 20, 1953) is a Spanish sprint canoer who competed from the early 1970s to the mid-1980s. Competing in four Summer Olympics, he won three medals with two silvers (1976: K-4 1000 m, 1980: K-2 500 m) and one bronze (1980: K-2 1000 m).
Menéndez also won eight medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-4 1000 m: 1975), a silver (K-4 500 m: 1978), and six bronzes (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1975. K-2 1000 m: 1982, K-2 10000 m: 1979, K-4 500 m: 1977, K-4 1000 m: 1977, 1978).

</doc>
<doc id="20257017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257017" title="Kolonjë (disambiguation)">
Kolonjë (disambiguation)

Kolonjë may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20257044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257044" title="Kazuya Kawabata">
Kazuya Kawabata


</doc>
<doc id="20257049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257049" title="Guillermo del Riego">
Guillermo del Riego

Guillermo del Riego Gordón (born September 11, 1958) is a Spanish sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1970s to the mid-1980s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the K-2 500 m event at Moscow in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20257094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257094" title="Yusuke Suzuki (footballer)">
Yusuke Suzuki (footballer)

Suzuki previously played for Roasso Kumamoto in the J. League Division 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20257108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257108" title="Per-Inge Bengtsson">
Per-Inge Bengtsson

Per-Inge Bengtsson (born October 29, 1961) is a Swedish sprint canoer who competed in the 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two silver medals at Los Angeles in 1984, earning them in the K-2 500 m and K-4 1000 m events.
Bengtsson also won seven medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (K-4 1000 m: 1982, 1985), two silvers (K-4 500 m: 1981, K-4 1000 m: 1987), and three bronzes (K-2 500 m: 1987, K-4 500 m: 1982, 1985).

</doc>
<doc id="20257130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257130" title="NCSL International">
NCSL International

NCSL International (NCSLI) is a global, non-profit organization whose membership is open to any organization with an interest in metrology (the science of measurement) and its application in research, development, education, and commerce.
History.
On June 22, 1960, at the National Bureau of Standards (NBS) in Boulder, Colorado, Harvey Lance presented a paper titled "“The Nation’s Electronic Standards Program: Where Do We Stand?”" suggesting the need for an organization of standards laboratories to promote cooperative efforts for solving the common problems faced by measurement and testing laboratories. The next morning a committee was formed to “investigate the possible organization, scope, and objectives appropriate for an organization of standards laboratories”. September 15, 1961, the National Conference of Standards Laboratories (NCSL) was formally established with NBS as its sponsor. Primarily due to the growth and acquired ability of NCSL to run its own affairs, NBS (currently known as the National Institute of Standards and Technology or NIST) ended its sponsorship role in July 1986. The two agencies maintain a close and collaborative relationship.
During the 1960s and early 1970s the Cold War climate caused a dilemma for NCSL which included many US aerospace and military facilities amongst its membership. There was concern over complying with US State Department regulations relating to technology transfer and discussion while allowing non-US entities to participate. NCSL considered national security a serious enough issue to warrant US-only membership. In 1974, however, the board of directors decided the substantial advantages of an open international membership outweighed the security considerations and NCSL enrollment was opened to non-US organizations. In 1975, Graham Cameron from the Canadian Department of National Defence became the first non-US delegate to serve on the board. In 1976 the first International Region was established. By 1996 non-US organizations comprised roughly 15% of the total membership. In the year 2000, NCSL began the process of formally changing its name to NCSL International to better represent its membership.
Cooperative activities.
From the beginning, the goal of NCSLI has been to bring together those engaged in metrology to solve common problems and set standards. To this end, the primary focal point of the organization's activities involves meeting together, gathering consensus and disseminating information, standards, and practices amongst all of its members.
Annual conference.
The inclusion of ""C"onference" in N"C"SLI demonstrates the importance the organization's founders placed on convening periodic conferences. The annual NCSL International Workshop and Symposium is a four day event held in late July/early August in a variety of locations. Papers are presented by speakers during technical sessions occurring throughout the conference. A "Best Paper Award" is given to the highest scoring presentation in several categories associated with the theme for that year. The "Dr. Allen V Astin Award" is presented to the overall best paper. Speakers share a wide range of knowledge from topics including:
An exhibit hall is open at the conference with over one hundred companies showcasing a variety of goods and services including calibration hardware and software, management tools, education and training organizations, calibration labs and accreditation services. Tutorials are offered two days before the start of the conference and one day following. Beyond technical information, the conference allows the opportunity to network with people who share common interests and numerous meetings are held by the board of directors and committees.[http://www.ncsli.org/conference/2009/]
Region/section meetings and committees.
NCSL International is organized in regions and sections around the world and each region/section is guided and directed by a volunteer coordinator. Meetings are held periodically as a way for professionals in the local metrology community to assemble, network and learn from each other. A typical meeting involves a tour of the host facility, speakers and presentations, exhibitors and updates from the region/section coordinator. A total of seventy-four national and international sections/regions were active in 2006. [http://www.ncsli.org/organization/index.cfm?fuseaction=home.dsp_positions&participation_Description=R3] 
Committee participation enables members to confer with colleagues with common interests, similar challenges and solution strategies specific to their industry. Each committee is open to all members to volunteer, share ideas and work on projects. Some committees concentrate on the inner workings and business of NCSL International itself. This would include publication oversight, conference planning and site selection, by-laws and guidelines. Other committees were established for discipline-specific, special interest or industry groups. Under measurement science and technology, committees range in focus from automatic test and calibration systems to chemical and dimensional metrology; from deadweight pressure gauges to the triple point of argon. Industrial programs features committees for healthcare, airline, automotive, and small business metrology. Documentary standards encompass calibration systems, laboratory facilities, measurement decision risk, and accreditation resources. A total of sixty-two committees (in 2006), composed solely of volunteers, endeavor to advance the work of NCSL International. It is from the effort of these committees that all NCSL International published standards originate.[http://www.ncsli.org/organization/index.cfm?fuseaction=home.dsp_positions&participation_Description=R2]
Liaison activities.
Through liaison representatives to international measurement science organizations, NCSL International serves as an organized forum for discussion and information on issues and practices relevant to calibration and metrology worldwide. The Bureau International des Poids et Mesures (BIPM) and NCSLI experience a cooperative relationship. Andrew Wallard, the Director of BIPM, is a member of the NCSLI board of directors. The BIPM website for World Metrology Day is sponsored by NCSLI. Other organizations NCSLI liaisons with include:
Learning and development.
Education and outreach.
"If you talk to almost any person involved in the metrology profession about new talent entering the field, you’ll probably get the same response: 'There are not enough young people entering the field to replace the many baby boomers getting ready to retire.'" 
A search of the US Department of Labor Standard Occupational Classification System (SOC) will result in few references to metrology. Although it does contain a listing for 'metrologist', this has been deemed grossly inadequate by those employed in the profession. The SOC is the basis for the Occupational Outlook Handbook, a publication of the United States Department of Labor's Bureau of Labor Statistics, accepted as a reference for guidance counselors, job seekers and those planning a career path. In a joint effort between ASQ-MQD and NCSLI a survey was conducted to generate job titles with descriptions within the field of metrology. The titles proposed are, in general order of hierarchy: Calibration Technician, Calibration Engineer, and Metrologist. Application has been filed to include this data in the SOC update of 2010. The aim is to increase awareness amongst new talent that may be interested in joining the metrological profession.
To further the goal of encouraging interest in metrology as a career, NCSL International supports scholarships to institutions and individuals. The general scholarship program awards money to accredited schools that offer metrology education. NCSLI is also an institutional sponsor, along with ASQ-MQD and the Measurement Science Conference, of the Joe D Simmons Memorial Scholarship given to individuals with a strong academic record and an interest in measurement science. NCSLI also supplies outreach materials such as measurement kits and posters for teachers and students.
To help in its outreach efforts NCSLI applied for and received inclusion in the Combined Federal Campaign (CFC). This allows US federal government employees to pledge a portion of income, deducted directly from their paycheck, to NCSL International. Monies collected through this program are specifically designated to further the outreach and scholarship efforts of the learning and development objectives of NCSLI.
Workplace and professional development.
Like many specialized occupations, metrology demands continued study to keep pace with new technology. The NCSL International business office located in Boulder, CO maintains a training facility and a multimedia training aids library covering both technical and managerial topics. The annual conference offers technical sessions covering up-to-date information as well as more detailed half or full day tutorials. Available more locally, region/section meetings feature speakers and Regional Training Events provide both classroom and hands on learning. Further, NCSLI supports management and human resource departments by clarifying job descriptions and career paths, providing information on appropriate certifications and qualifications and by awarding continuing education units or CEU's for attending and completing many of the development opportunities offered.
Publications.
Periodicals.
"NCSLI Measure, The Journal of Measurement Science" (ISSN 19315775) is a scientific and technical journal published quarterly by NSCL International. "Measure" is written primarily for metrology professionals in calibrations laboratories, such as lab managers, engineers and technicians. Issues are composed of peer-reviewed technical articles and up-to-date information on calibration techniques, uncertainty analysis, measurement standards, quality processes and laboratory accreditation. 
NCSL International also publishes "Metrologist, NCSLI Worldwide News" (ISSN 19402988) to provide news and information about the organization and its members. "Metrologist" is a glossy quarterly containing reports and updates from committees, regions and the board of directors, and featuring member news and trade information. The first "Newsletter" was printed June 1, 1962 and contained six pages. The "Newsletter" increased in content and became the primary communication tool of NCSL until 2007 when it was discontinued. "Metrologist" was designed as a sophisticated maturation of the "NCSL Newsletter".
Standards.
As committees address various issues it sometimes becomes apparent that other metrologists would be interested in the result of their investigations. This often leads to publications including: recommended practices (RP), recommended intrinsic/derived standards practices (RISP), or laboratory management publications (LMP). NCSL International also writes and/or adopts national standards as a standards writing body recognized by the American National Standards Institute (ANSI). Of these RP-1 (Establishment and Adjustment of Calibration Intervals), RP-6 (Calibration Control Systems for the Biomedical and Pharmaceutical Industry), RP-7 (Laboratory Design), RP-14 (Guide to Selecting Standards-Laboratory Environments) and ANSI/NCSL Z540 (US Guide to the Expression of Uncertainty in Measurement) are referenced in the metrology textbook "The Metrology Handbook."

</doc>
<doc id="20257152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257152" title="Akris">
Akris

Akris is a Swiss fashion label specializing in luxury goods for women and was founded by Alice Kriemler-Schoch.
Foundation.
Akris was founded in 1922 by Alice Kriemler-Schoch; the word “Akris” was derived from the letters of Kriemler-Schoch's name. The company initially made simple, dotted aprons that were crafted by Kriemler-Schoch on a single sewing machine. Each piece is still designed in Switzerland and the Swiss dot (polka dot) is still used by the company on gift boxes and tissue paper as well as the logo of the Akris Punto line.7 In 1944, Kriemler-Schoch's son Max Kriemler took over the business. The company grew significantly and began producing ready-to-wear clothing. Following the lead of Max Kriemler, Akris also produced clothes for French designers Givenchy and Ted Lapidus.
However, in 1980, Max Kriemler’s right-hand man died. Though Max’s son Albert had planned to travel to Paris to study fashion and apprentice at Givenchy, Max asked Albert to postpone his education for two years to assist in the company’s transition. He agreed. Albert would never complete his fashion education; within those two years, he had already begun to take over the company. Peter Kriemler, Albert’s brother, joined Akris in 1987 after studies at St. Gallen University on law and economy to head its financial side. Peter is now Akris’s global president, handling management and manufacturing. Peter Kriemler is credited with bringing the Akris collection to Asia with subsidiaries in Japan and Korea, as well as developing the worldwide network of directly operated stores. 
Since 2002, the Akris collection is shown during Paris fashion week-the only Swiss house in the Fédération Française de la Couture, du Prêt-à-Porter des Couturiers et des Créateurs de Mode.
Timeline.
[10]
Collections.
In 1995, Akris introduced a new line called AKRIS Punto. The Akris Punto collection has an emphasis on "relaxed sportswear". In 2009, Akris expanded its Prêt-a-Porter offering with the introduction of handbags featuring horsehair textile, a woven fabric made from the tail-hair.
In 2000, Akris was admitted to the French Chambre Syndicale, the governing body of the French fashion industry. The company delayed participating in Paris Fashion Week until 2004, when it was able to secure a spot on one of the event’s most important days. In the 2000s, the company was one of the world's fastest-growing designer brands, selling at stores such as Bergdorf Goodman and Neiman Marcus. Akris's success is largely due to trunk shows and word of mouth; the company does very little advertising. Unlike other fashion houses, the company does not produce fragrances and does not license its name.
Campaigns.
Renowned photographer Steven Klein has shot the Akris collections for the past fifteen years and recently the Akris Fall 2011 Winter 2012 campaign.
Sales and stores.
Akris is the largest Swiss clothing producer, though it does not disclose sales or profit figures. Its value has been reported as approximately USD $500 million; the company has not disputed this figure, but the number may be an overestimate “judging from Kriemler’s response when that number is tossed out. Akris clothing is sold in more than 500 locations worldwide. 
Approximately 40% of Akris sales are in North America. Akris was first sold in the United States in 1998; the brand can now be found in 70 U.S. stores, including over 20 Neiman Marcus locations and 30-some Saks Fifth Avenue locations. Freestanding Akris boutiques are located in Boston, New York City, and Dallas. Akris Punto is sold in approximately 100 stores in the United States.
Celebrities.
Several female celebrities are known to have worn Akris designs. Nicole Kidman spotted a coat in a store window on a Sunday evening and ordered it the following morning. Other fans include Angelina Jolie, Diane Sawyer, HSH Charlene, Princess of Monaco, Susan Sarandon, Doris Yaffe, and former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice among many others.
Garment production.
The company’s headquarters are located in St. Gallen, Switzerland with 200 employees. The design process begins with the fabric; Kriemler then sketches his designs. Akris fabrics are often custom-produced; sometimes, development of a fabric may take years. Most of the fabrics used in Akris clothing are produced in specialized mills in northern Italy.
Akris clothing is generally produced in ateliers in St. Gallen, Zurich, and Ticino, Switzerland. Kriemler has aimed to continue St. Gallen’s textile-based history by hiring local artisans. About half of the company’s 280 manufacturing employees are highly skilled artisans; two years of training are required for a seamstress to master the hand-finishing of Akris’s double-faced cashmere jackets, each of which requires two and a half days to complete.

</doc>
<doc id="20257157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257157" title="Globus (clothing retailer)">
Globus (clothing retailer)

Globus is a retail clothing store chain, based in Mumbai, India. Its part of the Rajan Raheja Group. As of April 2012, the chain has 35 locations in 22 cities in India.
Globus was founded in January 1998. Its first location (at 35,000 square foot store) opened in Indore in June 1999, followed by two locations in Chennai. Its Mumbai flagship location opened in November 2001. By May 2008 the chain had expanded to 24 stores, and started a push to greatly expand the number of locations. The chain has previously announced bold plans to expand to a much larger number of stores, such as 150.
The chain was run by Ved Prakash Arya from its founding until March 2004.
Currently, it is run by Vinay Gajanan Nadkarni, who serves it as the Managing Director and CEO. Nadkarni, who took over from Arya in 2004, opened the 36th store in February 2013.
Kareena Kapoor became the brand ambassador in 2008, and planned to launch her own clothing line with the store.
In 2007, Globus created the world's largest Christmas stocking, which was 111 feet tall.

</doc>
<doc id="20257171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257171" title="Richard Devereux">
Richard Devereux

Richard Jaynes Devereux (born 26 December 1938) is a former English cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket for Worcestershire in 1963.
Devereux had played for the Worcestershire Second XI since 1959, but his first-class debut had to wait until May 1963, when he was selected to face Middlesex at Lord's. He top-scored with 22 not out from number eight in Worcestershire's painful first-innings progress to 79 all out in 55.4 overs, then took 0/49 with the ball; the game was drawn.
He stayed in the side until the middle of June, playing along the way in his only List A game, a Gillette Cup quarter-final in which he made an important 30 from number nine,
and making his only first-class half-century, 55* against Cambridge University; he also took his best innings figures of 3/44 in that game.
but then a paucity of wickets forced him back to the seconds. There, he still found it hard at first to take wickets, though he did score a couple of fifties.
However, in July Devereux took ten wickets in the match against Kent II,
and seven more wickets in the next match, against Essex II, propelled him back into the first team before the month was out. Not for long, however: once more he struggled to take wickets, and after he had taken none at all in three successive games against Essex, Nottinghamshire and Warwickshire he was back in the Second XI.
This time there would be no return, and Devereux never again played major cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="20257174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257174" title="Takeshi Yamaguchi">
Takeshi Yamaguchi


</doc>
<doc id="20257175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257175" title="Jim Willis (baseball)">
Jim Willis (baseball)

James Gladden Willis (born March 20, 1927 in Doyline, Louisiana) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Chicago Cubs. Listed at 6' 3", 175 lb., Willis batted left-handed and threw right-handed. He attended Northwestern State University of Louisiana.
In a two-season career, Willis posted a 2-2 record with a 3.39 ERA in 27 appearances, including four starts and two complete games, giving up 25 runs on 59 hits and 35 walks while striking out 20.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20257179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257179" title="We Beat the Street">
We Beat the Street

We Beat the Street is an American autobiography aimed at young adults written by The Three Doctors and award-winning author Sharon M. Draper in April 21, 2005. It was a "New York Times" bestseller and was praised by many book critics. 
The novel shares the experiences of Dr. Sampson Davis, Rameck Hunt, and George Jenkins as well as other professional authors.
Though the book has a completely different theme, it has a major similarity and reference to "The Pact" (a longer and more notable award-winning novel).
"The Bond" was another companion book, published by the Penguin Group instead of the usual Riverhead Books. It sold least well, cost less than the others, and made the least profit.

</doc>
<doc id="20257205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257205" title="MV Sirius Star">
MV Sirius Star

MV "Sirius Star" is an oil tanker owned and operated by Vela International Marine. With a length overall of and a capacity of of crude oil, the ship is classified as a very large crude carrier or VLCC. Vela is based in the United Arab Emirates and is a subsidiary of the Saudi Arabian state oil company Saudi Aramco. "Sirius Star" is one of Vela's 24 tankers, of which 19 are VLCCs. Since her launch, the ship has been registered in Monrovia under the Liberian flag of convenience.
"Sirius Star" was built by the South Korean company Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering. Her construction began in October 2007 and she was launched by Huda M. Ghoson in late March 2008.
The ship received international attention when it was hijacked by Somali pirates (allegedly under the orders of piracy kingpin Mohamed Abdi Hassan) on 15 November 2008, becoming the largest ship ever captured by pirates. The ship was en route from Saudi Arabia to the United States by way of the Cape of Good Hope. At the time of the attack, it was about southeast of the coast of Kenya, carrying 25 crewmen and its tanks fully loaded with oil. The ship was estimated to be worth approximately , with its cargo worth at least .
"Sirius Star" was released on 9 January 2009 after payment of a US $3 million ransom. Three other VLCCs that have been ransomed by pirates are "Samho Dream", "Maran Centaurus" and "Irene SL".
Design and construction.
"Sirius Star" is a double-hulled oil tanker with a length overall of , a beam of , a hull depth of , and a draft of . She can carry of crude oil. It has a gross tonnage of 162,252 and a total cargo capacity of . Vessels of this size are classified as very large crude carriers or VLCCs.
The ship was built by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME) in Okpo, Geoje, South Korea. Her keel was laid on 29 October 2007. Designated as hull number 5302, the ship was the 100th VLCC built by DSME.
"Sirius Star" was launched by Huda M. Ghoson on 28 March 2008. The launch marked the first time a Saudi woman performed such a ceremony for Vela.
Career.
"Sirius Star" is one of 24 tankers owned and operated by Vela, of which 19 are VLCCs. Vela, based in the United Arab Emirates is a subsidiary of the Saudi Arabian state oil company Saudi Aramco. Since her launch, the ship has been registered under the Liberian flag and homeported in Monrovia.
Incidents and accidents.
Hijacking.
On 17 November 2008, the U.S. Navy announced "Sirius Star" was hijacked by Somali pirates. Lt. Nate Christensen, a spokesman for the U.S. Navy's 5th Fleet, said the pirates hijacked the very large crude carrier at about 10:00 a.m. on Saturday, 15 November, while she was southbound, about southeast of the coast of Kenya at — the farthest out to sea Somali pirates have struck. The attack also made "Sirius Star" the largest vessel ever to be hijacked. It is estimated that for the pirates to reach "Sirius Star", they must have voyaged south for three to four days.
At the time of the attack, the ship was carrying a full load of of crude oil more than one-quarter of Saudi Arabia's daily oil production output, and worth at least and was bound for the United States via the Cape of Good Hope. According to officials from Puntland, the pirates anchored "Sirius Star" at the Somali port of Harardhere, contrary to early reports from the United States Navy that she was anchored near Eyl.
As a result of the full load of cargo, the height from the main deck to the waterline was relatively low; if the reported draft was correct, her freeboard was about . Ships in this low-freeboard condition are easier to climb aboard and thus easier targets for pirates.
The 25 member crew, consisting of 19 Filipinos, two Britons, two Poles, one Croat and one Saudi Arabian, were reported to be safe. On 18 November 2008, Polish media confirmed that the two Polish officers on board were the Captain Marek Niski and technical officer Leszek Adler. On 19 November 2008, Britain's Foreign and Commonwealth Office named two of the British officers aboard the vessel: Chief Engineer Peter French of County Durham and second officer James Grady of Strathclyde.
On 18 November 2008 the pirates opened negotiations with Vela. In a press release dated that day, Vela stated that all crewmembers were safe. In the same press release, the company said it was working towards a "safe and speedy return" of all crewmembers, leaving open the possibility of ransom payment.
Ransom demand and deadline.
On 19 November, the alleged pirate, Farah Abd Jameh, provided information regarding the ransom by audio tape broadcast over Al-Jazeera television. The tape specified that an unspecified cash ransom was to be delivered to "Sirius Star", where it would be counted using machines that were able to detect counterfeit bills.
On 20 November, the pirates demanded a ransom having set a 10-day deadline. Mohamed Said stated: "We do not want long-term discussions to resolve the matter. The Saudis have 10 days to comply, otherwise we will take action that could be disastrous." The then Foreign Secretary David Miliband ruled out the UK paying any form of ransom, saying "There is a strong view of the British Government, and actually the international community, that payments for hostage-taking are only an encouragement to further hostage-taking." By 24 November, the pirates had reduced their ransom demand to US$15 million.
A small faction of Somali Islamic rebels planned to attack "Sirius Star" to liberate her from her hijackers. The faction's planned attack on the hijackers is seen in retaliation for them seizing a "Muslim" vessel. Locals in Harardhere have said the threats of attack from Islamic militants have forced the pirates to leave the port and remain approximately offshore. A spokesman for the Islamic rebel group, Abdirahim Isse Adow, stated "We are against this act and we shall hunt the ship wherever she sails, and free it."
Ransom and release.
"Sirius Star" was freed On 9 January 2009 after a US$3 million ransom payment. Five of the "dozens" of pirates drowned after their small boat capsized in a storm after leaving "Sirius Star" with their share of the ransom. The body of one of the pirates that drowned later washed ashore with US$153,000 in cash in a plastic bag.
After her release, "Sirius Star" sailed to the port of Fujairah in the UAE, and the crew was replaced.
Effects of the hijacking.
The attack came soon after naval forces from NATO, Russia, and India began to patrol the Horn of Africa region, in response to hijacking seven weeks earlier and many other incidents. However, these patrols focus further north, especially near the Gulf of Aden, and the attack came as a surprise. A British intelligence expert commented that "there will never be enough warships" to secure so much of the Indian Ocean by patrol.
This attack has shown that the pirates are now operating in an area of over 2.8 million square kilometers (1.1 million square miles), which extends beyond the recently established international patrols closer to the Horn of Africa. News of the attack raised crude oil prices on global markets.

</doc>
<doc id="20257206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257206" title="National Accident Helpline">
National Accident Helpline

National Accident Helpline is an injury claims management company in the United Kingdom. It is a private, for-profit company. The company and its panel of solicitors deduct their fees from clients on a no win no fee basis, removing the financial risk from making a claim.
History.
The National Accident Helpline was formed in 1993 by two businessmen, Alan Kennedy and Paul Follett, along with the Northampton legal firm Tollers. In 2006, Lloyds TSB Development Capital (LDC), the private equity arm of Lloyds TSB, backed a management buyout enabling Kennedy to buy out Tollers and other shareholders. LDC later sold part of its stake to Inflexion Private Equity. 
In April 2008, National Accident Helpline released an SMS callback service on a platform provided by SMSshortcode.co.uk. 
The following month, the personal injury claims management company revealed a new version of the company website, featuring an interactive no win no fee compensation calculator. 
February 2009 saw National Accident Helpline listed in the Sunday Times Deloitte Buyout Track 100 for the first time. In 2012, the company was listed in 70th place with year-on-year growth from 2010/11 to 2011/12 cited as 32%. 
In February 2011 the company acquired PPI Claimline, a claims management company that focuses on mis-sold payment protection insurance.
Specialist claims websites.
National Accident Helpline also owns no-win-no-fee.co.uk and Benchmark Insurance. In 2010 it started advertising through underdog.co.uk. 
In April 2010, National Accident Helpline published three new specialist claims websites: industrial-accident.co.uk, work-accident.co.uk and clinical-medical-negligence.co.uk.
In October 2011, the company announced mobile-friendly versions of its two core websites, National Accident Helpline and underdog.co.uk.
Marketing.
National Accident Helpline initially found its clients by advertising in the press. It was then one of the first claims companies to use television advertising, and this became its main source of business in the 2000s.
The company's television adverts have been one of its most visible sources of marketing. The adverts feature a character called Underdog, who has previously been voiced by UK actor Joe Pasquale. More recent adverts have included musical backing tracks, including Chumbwumba's nineties hit "Tubthumping" and a version of Marvin Gaye's "I Heard It Through the Grapevine" where the chorus lyrics had been changed to include the brand name. 
Stance against cold calling.
National Accident Helpline displays a clear policy against cold calling and cold texting on its website.
The firm states that reports of cold-calling have no connection with the real National Accident Helpline, and asks victims of this practice to report any such incidents.
Adverts.
Since 2010 adverts for National Accident Helpline feature an dog know as Underdog (voiced by Joe Pasquale) trying to get compensation from an unseen man (voiced by Brian Blessed) who rejects him so Underdog says he will go to National Accident Helpline instead in which the unseen man tries to convince him to go to him instead which Underdog refuses.
Charity partnerships.
National Accident Helpline has been involved in a number of charity partnerships.
The Brain Injury Rehabilitation Trust (BIRT), a member of the The Disabilities Trust, 
was the company's charity for the year 2010-2011. 
National Accident Helpline's employees have also been involved in a number of charity ventures.
A team of four senior employees ran the 2010 London Marathon in aid of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, raising over £6000.
Staff have also raised money for BIRT. 

</doc>
<doc id="20257209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257209" title="Tadayo Fukuo">
Tadayo Fukuo

He was a member of U-17 Japan national football team for 2001 FIFA U-17 World Championship.
Club career stats.
As of "January 7, 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="20257255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257255" title="Cwm Level Park">
Cwm Level Park

Cwm Level Park is a park based in Plasmarl, Swansea, Wales. The park is the official ground for the Association Football Club Cwmfelin Press A.F.C. The park also has a playplace where young children can play. Several benches are also located around the park providing a view of the park and the on-looking road. The park is also less than half a mile in distance from the major sports ground, the Liberty Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="20257267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257267" title="Mnichov">
Mnichov

Mnichov or Mníchov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20257269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257269" title="Yael Yuzon">
Yael Yuzon

Yael Yuzon is a Filipino musician best known as the vocalist and guitarist of the band Sponge Cola.
Early life.
Ysmael Yrastorza Yuzon was born on 22 November 1983 in Manila, Philippines. His elder brother is Yanni Yuzon (of the bands Pupil and Archipelago) and he has a younger sister named Ysabel. 
Yuzon graduated from Ateneo de Manila University with a Bachelor of Arts in English Literature. He is engaged with his long time girlfriend Karylle will marry at Karylle's birthday, March 22 2014.
Career.
It all started in 1998 when Gosh Dilay and Yael Yuzon spotted each other in Ateneo High School and met through the theater club, Teatro Baguntao. Yuzon was the front man of a rock band named White Chapel at that time. However, since he and Gosh Dilay met, he always felt the urge to form a new band with Dilay and two other members of the group. That was then they form a band and call it “Sponge”, named after R. S. Surtee’s Mr. Sponge’s Sporting Tour. However, soon after they formed Sponge, they learned about a Detroit grunge band already is using the name Sponge, that’s why they all agree to add “cola” in result of “Sponge Cola.” It gives their band name more semblances. This paved Yuzon’s way to fame and the popularity of the band, as they competed and won several recognitions.
After a few years, Yuzon and Gosh Dilay remained in the band while the two other members leave and were replaced by Christopher "Chris" Cantada and Erwin "Armo" Armovit. Armovit was a former guitarist of the band Rampqueen, considered the sister band of Sponge Cola. Yuzon’s career started early, though. His fame being the lead rock vocalist of the band has earned him many credits and awards as well. He and his band mates came up with a self-titled EP in the last quarter of 2003. This is enclosed with five original songs namely, “Saturn,” “Cigarette,” “Jeepney,” “Lunes,” and “A Tear.” These extensive songs have opened Yuzon’s ability to adjust his vocal range to shift from mellow to scream o tone without losing its touch. With their self-titled EP, he was able to get more shows, exposures, and concerts from all over the country.
Yuzon, too, managed to sing a version of Madonna’s “Crazy for You”, which then became such an admired underground internet hit. The favorable response from the public further led Yuzon and his band mates to larger opportunities. The band’s breakthrough in the mainstream was when they signed up for a record distribution under Sony BMG Records Philippines in their first full-length debut album. The band is now currently signed up for Universal Records.
The song "Tambay", which Yuzon co-wrote with Dilay, receives an outstanding Diamond record award with over 150,000 copies sold.
Personal life.
Yuzon was rumored to have dated singer-actress Karylle around 2010. In early 2011, both Yuzon and Karylle denied their relationship and have been rather evasive when it comes to said topic. By 2012, the two became more open about their relationship. On February 8, 2014, Karylle announced through It's Showtime that they are already engaged and their wedding is already set within March.

</doc>
<doc id="20257274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257274" title="Yasunobu Matsuoka">
Yasunobu Matsuoka

Club career stats.
As of 12 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20257284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257284" title="Owen Williams (producer)">
Owen Williams (producer)

Owen Williams is a Welsh television producer and actor.
Best known for playing the character of Mathew Price in Welsh language soap opera "Pobol y Cwm" in 1991, he is now a producer for Independent Television Production Company, "Fflic", part of the "Boomerang Group".

</doc>
<doc id="20257286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257286" title="Chris Cantada">
Chris Cantada

Chris Cantada is the former drummer and backing vocalist of Filipino band Sponge Cola. Cantada was recently seen in the music video of Sponge Cola's "Tambay" in a cameo guest appearance. 
He recently released his solo album "Heartbeat" with the carrier single of the same name. The music video for "Heartbeat" shows Cantada played all musical instruments for the song.
Early life.
Born Christopher L. Cantada in 1985. He attended high school at Ateneo de Manila University.
Career.
Sponge Cola.
The band made up of Yael Yuzon (vocals-guitar), Gosh Dilay (bass), Erwin Armovit (lead guitar) and Chris Cantada (drums) were all college buddies from the Ateneo de Manila University. Sponge Cola's debut album Palabas, was released in 2004 under Sony BMG, spawning radio hits like "KLSP", "Gemini", and "Jeepney". 
Sponge Cola's acoustic live cover of the Madonna classic "Crazy for You" gained popularity among fans and casual listeners after it became an Internet download favorite. 
Right after finishing college, the quartet immediately dished out their second record, Transit, under Universal Records in 2006. The album found a more focused unit as proven by the strong radio singles like the anthemic "Bitiw", "Tuliro" and "Pasubali". 
Sponge Cola also graced two of the most successful tribute records come out recently: The Eraserheads' "Ultraelectromagneticjam" where they did a cover of "Pare Ko" and the APO Hiking Society's two-volume disc Kami nAPO Muna ("Nakapagtataka") and Kami nAPO Muna Ulit ("Saan Na Nga Ba Ang Barkada").
Sponge Cola's eponymous third album under Universal Records was released on September 19, 2008 and launched on September 26 at Eastwood in Libis Quezon City. 
Cantada's departure however was done gradually as he will still be seen in the band's fouthcoming videos and even on some TV appearances meant to promo new records. Sponge Cola hired session drummers to fill in Cantada's slot during live gigs, until Tmac Cruz was officially announced as the new drummer in 2009.
Solo.
After leaving Sponge Cola for three years due to battling a severe heart infection, Cantada released his solo debut album entitled "Heartbeat" (all songs written by Cantada himself), distributed under Universal Records and co-produced by Yael Yuzon.

</doc>
<doc id="20257316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257316" title="Heinz Haag">
Heinz Haag

Heinz Haag (19 December 1918 – 5 April 1994) was a German Schnellboot commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="20257342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257342" title="Appalousa">
Appalousa

The Appalousa (also Opelousa) were Native Americans who had occupied the area around Opelousas, Louisiana west of the lower Mississippi River before European contact and encountered in the 18th century. They were associated with the Atakapa and the Chitimacha at various times in their history.
The name Opelousas has been thought to have many meanings, but the one most commonly accepted is "Blackleg", possibly because the tribe painted or stained their legs a dark color. 
Michel De Birotte, who lived in Louisiana from 1690 to 1734, about forty years of which he spent living among the Indians, said the Appalousa lived just west of two small lakes, thought to be Leonard Swamp, east of Opelousas. This was the westernmost channel of the Mississippi River in earlier times. Because of mineral deposits and the great number of leaves covering the bottom, the waters of the lake were black. Appalousa hunting and fishing in the lake found their legs became stained black from the stagnant waters. 
Language.
Dr. John Sibley reported in a 1805 letter to Thomas Jefferson that the Opelousa speak a language different from all others but also understand Atakapa and French. Their language is completely undocumented.
The Opelousa language has been classified as Atakapa by John R. Swanton and Frederick W. Hodge, but this is not based on any linguistic evidence.
References.
Goddard, Ives. (2005). "The indigenous languages of the Southeast", "Anthropological Linguistics, 47" (1), 1–60.

</doc>
<doc id="20257345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257345" title="Stošić">
Stošić

Stošić is a South Slavic surname, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20257359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257359" title="The Rural Alberta Advantage">
The Rural Alberta Advantage

The Rural Alberta Advantage is a Canadian indie rock band that formed in 2005 in Toronto. The band consists of Nils Edenloff on lead vocals and guitar, Amy Cole on backing vocals and keyboard, and Paul Banwatt on drums.
Regarding how they met, the band has said in an interview: "We all hosted an open stage at The Winchester in Cabbagetown, and that led to us forming The RAA. Nobody ever came to our night, and now that place is a Tim Hortons. I'm not saying it was our fault. I'm just saying it's a pretty big coincidence. I mean, the place was around for 120 years, but less than one year with us... We have no regrets though. We'll close as many venues as it takes."
First formed in 2005, the band released a demo tape and an EP independently before completing their first full-length album, "Hometowns", in early 2008. "Hometowns" was recorded and produced from April 2007 to March 2008 by Roger Leavens at BoomBox Sound in Toronto, Ontario. The band toured extensively across Canada, including shows at the Pop Montreal and Halifax Pop Explosion festivals, to support "Hometowns".
The band was selected as eMusic's featured artist of the month for November 2008. The band subsequently signed to Saddle Creek Records in 2009, and "Hometowns" was re-released by the label in July. The band was also selected as the X3 Artist of the month by Aux.tv, CBC Radio 3 and Exclaim! Magazine for July 2009.
Their second LP, "Departing", was released on March 1, 2011. The album was named as a longlisted nominee for the 2011 Polaris Music Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="20257366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257366" title="Yoshio Kitagawa">
Yoshio Kitagawa


</doc>
<doc id="20257382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257382" title="Pierre d'Amboise">
Pierre d'Amboise

Pierre d'Amboise (1408 – 28 June 1473) was a French nobleman of the House of Amboise. He was a son of Hugh VIII of Amboise, who was killed at the battle of Agincourt, and of Jeanne de Guénand. 
Marriage and issue.
On 23 August 1428 he married Anne de Bueil, Dame d'Aubijoux, daughter of Jean IV de Bueil and of Marguerite Dauphine d'Auvergne, countess of Sancerre.
They had 17 children, including:
Pierre d'Amboise died in his castle of Meillant in Berry. On his death he was buried in the nunnery of Order of Poor Ladies he had founded at Bourges.

</doc>
<doc id="20257406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257406" title="Vladas">
Vladas

Vladas is a Lithuanian given name, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20257421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257421" title="Igor Nagayev">
Igor Nagayev

Igor Nagayev (born February 22, 1966) is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two silver medals at Seoul in 1988, earning them in the K-2 500 m and K-4 1000 m events.
Nagayev also won a bronze medal in the K-1 500 m event at the 1986 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="20257435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257435" title="House of Amboise">
House of Amboise

The House of Amboise was a French noble house, taking its name from Amboise, a town which it possessed as a seigneurie. The oldest of the house's family lines to be attested in the written sources comes from Touraine and dates to 1155. The text mentioning it traces the lives of the lords of Amboise and celebrates the virtues of each lord in turn 
Originally the lords of Amboise were the vassals of the first counts of Anjou but after several controversies with them the lords became independent, obtaining sizeable fiefdoms such as the Viscountcy of Thouars and Principality of Talmont. This powerful knightly family was called "the family of Mars". Its eldest branch ran until the 15th century with Louis d'Amboise, lord of Amboise, viscount of Thouars. The line of the cadet branch, with a magnificent estate at Chaumont-sur-Loire, has continued uninterrupted to this day, via Pierre d'Amboise, governor of Touraine and advisor to the French kings Charles VII and Louis XI.
History.
Origins.
Dating back to well before 1000, the first members of the family distinguished themselves under the counts of Anjou in repulsing Viking attacks along the River Loire. Lisois de Bazougers, issue of the Bazougers and Lavardin families and founder of the house of Amboise, was the main military leader of the powerful count of Anjou Fulk III. To reward Lisois for his services, Nerra granted him Amboise (the Roman Vicus ambaciensis, Ambacques, Castrum ambacianum, then, Ambacia, Ambaces, Amboyse, and finally Amboise) shortly before 1000 and in honour of this Lisois de Bazougers changed his name to Lisois d'Amboise.
In 1002 Lisois d'Amboise went on pilgrimage to the Holy Land and, in his absence, he entrusted Touraine (of which he was sénéchal) to his brother Auger and his stronghold at Amboise (the best protected stronghold in the whole of western France) to his other brother Aubri. He returned to France in Fulk's company two years later, having both stopped off at Rome on the way back to greet Pope Sylvester II.
Crusades.
Lisois's grandson Hugh of Amboise was one of the first to reply to the call from Pope Urban II in 1096. He set out from the abbaye de Noirmoutier with several lords of Touraine to fight in the First Crusade of Godefroy de Bouillon. In the following 3 years, Hugh II of Amboise fought in all the crusader battles in Palestine (the 1097 Siege of Nicaea, the June 1098 defence of Antioch, the December 1098 capture of Ma'arra, the July 1099 capture of Jerusalem and the August 1099 capture of Ascalon). Exhausted, he returned to Touraine in December 1099. He married Elisabeth de Jaligny, sister of the count of Anjou, and thus merged the two seigneuries of Amboise and became the uncontested master of Amboise, one of Touraine's main fortresses. Shortly after his marriage, he financed several construction works all around Touraine (abbeys, castles, bridges, churches and monasteries). In 1120 he decided to go once again to the Holy Land. Setting out with two of his sons and his overlord Fulk, he lost both these sons in battle and after fighting in several battles Hugh died in Jerusalem on 2 June 1129 (shortly after assisting at Fulk's marriage with Melisende of Jerusalem). He was buried on the Mount of Olives overlooking the city.
12th to 15th centuries.
After the death of Hugh, his eldest son, Sulpice III found himself at the head of several seigneuries in Touraine and he fought all his life to free himself from the patronage of his overlords the counts of Anjou and count of Vendôme, sometimes capturing them and imprisoning them at his castle in Amboise. Later he also declared war on his neighbour the count of Blois, but was captured by him and imprisoned at Châteaudun, dying there under torture on 24 August 1153. His two sons, Hervé and Hugues, captured at the same time as their father, were only freed thanks to the intervention of their cousin Henry Plantagenet, future king of England. Previously, the count of Blois had taken the precaution of razing the Amboise family fortress at Chaumont-sur-Loire in Blois's territory. His grandson, also called Sulpice, married Elisabeth de Blois, countess of Chartres, and was the first banneret knight of Touraine (an order created by Philip-Augustus in 1213 to reward his knights' bravery against the English). From this date, Sulpice had the Amboise arms as "Six pals d'or et de gueules."
Contrary to the assertions of Père Anselme, the Amboise family descended in this era via John I of Amboise, lord of Berry, son of Sulpice's brother Hugh of Amboise. This John found himself at Philip-Augustus's side at the French victory at battle of Bouvines. His son John II had two sons, Pierre II and Hugh, guaranteeing the Amboise line via two distinct lines. Pierre (originator of the older branch, which died out with Louis d'Amboise's death in 1469) married Jeanne de Rohan. Hugh was the origin of the Chaumont-d'Amboise branch, which survives to the present. Hugh's son John III of Amboise married Jeanne de Beaumont (direct descendant of Louis the Pious). He made his début in the Hundred Years' War with Philip VI of France and died at the Battle of Crecy on 26 August 1346. 
John III's son Hugh fought alongside his cousin Bertrand Duguesclin at the sieges of Ardres and Balinghem and died at the Battle of Agincourt on 25 October 1415, as did his eldest son. Having lost his father and grandfather at Agincourt, Pierre d'Amboise inherited several fiefdoms in Blésois, Berry and Touraine, such as Chaumont-sur-Loire, Meillant, Preuilly, Bussy, Sagone, etc. He married Anne de Beuil, daughter of the count of Sancerre, and they had 17 children. His sons occupied high office at the start of the 16th century, the best known being Georges d'Amboise (1460–1510), cardinal and first minister of Louis XII. Under Georges' rule taxes were not increased and he succeeded in reestablishing equitable justice for all, whilst he was also one of the main figures behind introducing the Renaissance into France. Pierre's eldest son, Charles I of Amboise, was a favourite of Louis XI and worked heavily to give France the borders it has today. Count of Brienne, knight of the Ordre de Saint-Michel, governor of Île-de-France, Champagne and Burgundy, he fought in several wars in northern and eastern France. He had one son, Charles II d'Amboise de Chaumont, who accompanied king Charles VIII in his first Italian war, in October 1494.
16th century.
1500 was a pivotal year between the Middle Ages and Renaissance. Among Pierre d'Amboise's nine sons, six headed for a church career. One was Georges d'Amboise (a cardinal who tried and failed to become pope in 1503), John I of Amboise (bishops and duke of Langres), Louis I of Amboise (bishop of Albi), Pierre d'Amboise (bishop of Poitiers), Jacques d'Amboise (bishop of Clermont-Ferrand) and Hémery d'Amboise (grandmaster of the order of Saint John of Jerusalem based on Rhodes). The three other sons headed for a military career - Charles was governor of Île-de-France, Champagne and Burgundy, John was lord of Bussy and governor of Normandy, and Hugh was baron of Aubijoux and captain of the légionnaires of the Languedoc. Of his eight daughters, five married gentlemen from the highest families of the kingdom (Hanguest, Rochechouart, Gouffier, Tristan de Castelnau, Crespin) and two became abbesses (of Fontrevault and Saint-Ménéhould, with Madeleine d'Amboise at the latter).
At the start of the 16th century, five members of the family died in the Italian Wars, notably at the battles of and - these were:
1600 to 1792.
In the 18th century, the three sons of John of Amboise (Michel's son) occupied high office in France. The eldest, François d'Amboise, baron of La Chartre-sur-le-Loir, was privy councillor and maître des requêtes to Henri IV. The middle son, Adrien d'Amboise, was almoner to the king and bishop of Tréguier, and the youngest Jacques d'Amboise, rector of the university of Paris. Their cousin, Louis de Bussy d'Amboise, nicknamed "le brave Bussy", was at that time a favourite of the king's brother the duke of Alençon and a lover of the king's sister Marguerite, as well as being an excellent duellist (later becoming the protagonist of Alexandre Dumas's novel "La Dame de Monsoreau"). Louis's father, Jacques de Clermont-d'Amboise, had inherited the seigneuries of Bussy and Saxefontaine from cardinal Georges II d'Amboise, cardinal of Rouen.
Antoine d'Amboise, son of François, continued the line as lord of Neuilly and of Clos Lucé at Amboise. By a brevet of 30 August 1643, Louis XIII made him maréchal de camp and governor of the citadel of Trin in Piedmont. He fought in several battles in Italy and, in 1650, he gave his name to his regiment, from then on known as the régiment d'Amboise. Married to Anne de la Illière, they had only one child, Charles-Jules d'Amboise, godson of Mazarin and of the duchesse de Savoie.
Charles-Jules d'Amboise, married Charlotte de Gast. He was colonel of the régiment d'Amboise then colonel of the régiment de Touraine. In 1668, after the death without issue of his cousin François-Jacques d'Amboise, comte d'aubijoux and grandson of Louis d'Amboise d'Aubijoux, he recovered the full arms of the Amboise family: "six pals d'or et de gueules". Charles-Jules died on 28 February 1627 and was buried with his ancestors in the church of the cordeliers d'Amboise, though this was later destroyed in the Revolution.
Charles-Jules's grandson Henri-Michel d'Amboise was colonel of the compagnie des grenadiers of Touraine and knight of the Ordre royal et militaire de Saint-Louis. During the 1789 French Revolution he was elected deputy for the nobility for Touraine and in 1793 was imprisoned in Abbaye de Port-Royal de Paris, only being released in 1794 after Maximilien de Robespierre's death. He saved his château du Clos Lucé at Amboise (former residence of Leonardo da Vinci). Henri-Michel was buried on 25 October 1812 in the cemetery of Amboise beside the duke of Choiseul - his tomb is now a monument historique.
1792 to present.
After the death of Henri-Michel, his son, Georges-Alexis d'Amboise who lived at château de Pray, near Amboise, left France for England. In London he married Louisa Barwell, daughter of Richard Barwell, MP. Georges-Alexis accompanied king Louis XVIII, and the princes to Ghent during the Hundred Days. After the battle of Waterloo he returned to France as a captain in the compagnie du Luxembourg. On 8 July 1819, Louis XVIII personally decorated him with the royal légion d'honneur.
Georges-Charles d'Amboise, (his son), and Charles-Eugène d'Amboise, (his grandson), only returned to France at the end of the 19th century. They both set up home in Provence, near Arles. For more than a century, the descendents of Charles-Eugène d'Amboise remained in this region, and at the start of the 21st century there are still two direct male descendents of this noble family - Alain-Georges d'Amboise and his brother Thierry d'Amboise.

</doc>
<doc id="20257437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257437" title="Loud and Clear (Buster Brown album)">
Loud and Clear (Buster Brown album)

Loud and Clear is the first album of the glam metal band Buster Brown.
After this album, drummer Bob Koestel was replaced by drummer James Kottak.

</doc>
<doc id="20257464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257464" title="Karl-Friedrich Künzel">
Karl-Friedrich Künzel

Karl-Friedrich Robert Künzel (11 September 1918 – 25 December 1998) was a German Schnellboot commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="20257471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257471" title="Kiyoshi Saito">
Kiyoshi Saito

Saito made five appearances for Roasso Kumamoto in the J. League Division 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20257495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257495" title="1953–54 North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball team">
1953–54 North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball team

The 1953–54 North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball team represented the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. The head coach was Frank McGuire. The team played its home games at Woollen Gymnasium in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, and was a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
1953–54
Record: 11–10; H: 7–3, A: 4–3, N: 1–4
ACC 5–6, 5th Place
Coach: Frank McGuire
Schedule and results.
December 19 Clemson H W 85–48
Dixie Classic
December 28 Navy RAL L 62–86
December 29 Seton Hall RAL L 63–73
December 30 Oregon State (-/4) RAL L 53–65
January 8 Citadel H W 83–42
January 9 Wake Forest A W 66–65
January 11 Davidson A W 70–54
January 16 Virginia H W 78–66
January 19 NC State H L 77–84
February 2 Washington and Lee LY W 69–60
February 4 Duke (-/8) A L 47–63
February 8 Virginia A L 69–83
February 11 Wake Forest H L 62–76
February 13 Clemson (-/14) A W 72–56
February 16 Davidson H W 89–69
February 20 Duke (-/14) H L 63–67
February 24 NC State A L 48–57
February 27 Citadel A W 79–52
ACC Tournament
March 4 NC State (-/18) RAL L 51–52

</doc>
<doc id="20257523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257523" title="Adis Nurković">
Adis Nurković

Adis Nurković (born 28 April 1986) is a Bosnian footballer goalkeeper playing for NK Čelik in the Premier League of BiH.
He played for NK Cibalia in Croatia and NK Krajišnik in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Nurković was a standard member of Bosnian U-21 team, but he also debuted for the senior national Bosnia and Herzegovina team in a friendly match against Croatian club NK "Rijeka" on 11 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20257524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257524" title="Laurent Korcia">
Laurent Korcia

Laurent Korcia is a French violinist who studied at the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique de Paris. After receiving a Premier Prix from the Conservatoire, he won the Paganini Competition in Genoa, a Grand Prix at the Jacques Thibaud Competition, the Premier Grand Prix at the international Zino Francescatti Competition and a scholarship from the Young Concert Artists Trust in London.
In 2002, he was awarded the Victoires de la Musique as instrumental soloist of the year in France and was made Chevalier des Arts et des Lettres. He also received the George Enesco Prize of the SACEM and the Grand Prix of the Academie Charles Cross.
Korcia performs regularly with conductors such as Semyon Bychkov, Charles Dutoit, Daniele Gatti, Valery Gergiev, Emmanuel Krivine, Kurt Masur, John Nelson (conductor), Michel Plasson, Manuel Rosenthal, Yutaka Sado, Tugan Sokhiev, Vladimir Spivakov, Yan-Pascal Tortelier, and Walter Weller. He includes solo violin recitals in his concert repertoire, with programmes ranging from Bach to contemporary music.
September 13 and 14, 2008 Korcia performed sold out concerts at Les Folies Bergère in the 9th arrondissement in Paris. The resulting television special is featured on American Public Television, including several top market stations. Korcia CDs (Sony/BMG, Naïve) are solid sellers in France. His music has been used in movies, commercials and television programs. He was signed to a worldwide contract by EMI in 2008 and his "Cinema" album was released in Europe in March 2009, followed by such diverse markets as South Korea, South Africa and Australia. The USA release was released 28 July 2009. The Canadian release date was also 7/28/09, through EMI. Mexico followed in early August.
Since 1999, Korcia has been playing on the Zahn Stradivarius (1719), a violin on loan by the French group LVMH, Moët-Hennessy-Louis Vuitton.

</doc>
<doc id="20257529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257529" title="1982–83 KNVB Cup">
1982–83 KNVB Cup

The 65th edition of the KNVB Cup started on September 4, 1982. The two legs of the final were played on May 10 and 17, 1983: Ajax beat NEC 3–1 on both occasions and won the cup for the ninth time. From the quarter finals onwards, two-legged matches were held. If two teams drew both matches, or if they both won one, extra time was played right after the second match, no matter what the aggregate score was.
Preliminary round.
The matches of the preliminary round were played on September 4 and 5, 1982. Only amateur clubs participated.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on October 9 and 10, 1982. Twenty professional clubs entered the tournament here.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on November 13 and 14, 1982. Fifteen Eredivisie clubs entered the tournament here.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played on January 8 and January 9, 1983.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played on February 23 and March 9, 1983. Two-legged matches were played from this point on. When both teams won once, or drew twice, extra time (and if necessary a penalty shootout) was held no matter what the aggregate score was.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-finals were played on March 30 and April 13, 1983.
Final.
The final was played on May 10 and 17, 1983.
Ajax also won the Dutch Eredivisie championship, thereby taking the double. They would participate in the European Cup, so finalists NEC could play in the Cup Winners' Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20257544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257544" title="Milka (given name)">
Milka (given name)

Milka is a biblical female given name. In many languages such as German, French, and Croatian, Milka is a common transliteration of the Hebrew name מִלְכָּה (meaning "queen" or "ruler"), which is usually transliterated to English as Milcah. In the Bible, Milcah was Abraham's brother's wife and the grandmother of Rebecca (). Milcah is also the name of one of the daughters of Zelophehad ().
Milka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20257547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257547" title="Ohaveth Sholum Congregation">
Ohaveth Sholum Congregation

Ohaveth Sholum Congregation (alternate spellings: Ohaveth Shalem, Ohaveth Shalom) was the first synagogue in Seattle, Washington, USA. Described by the Washington State Jewish Historical Society (WSJHS) as "a quasi-Reform temple," it was the Seattle's first Jewish congregation. It fell four days short of having the first synagogue in Washington.
History.
The congregation, whose name means "lovers of peace," was established either on July 25, 1889 or August 25, 1889. In either case, that would make it the first Jewish congregation in Seattle. Most of the congregation had immigrated from either Germany or Poland and had already spent several decades in the American West. By now rather assimilated to American ways, they adopted the Reform prayerbook "Minhag America", used both English and Hebrew in their services, sat both sexes together, and followed San Francisco's Congregation Emanu-El in using an organ during services. The observed each holiday for a single day, rather than the two days observed by the Orthodox.
Prior to constructing a synagogue, the congregation met at Wickstrom Hall at 8th Avenue and Columbia Street on First Hill. Sigismund Aronson, secretary-treasurer of the prominent Seattle wholesaler Schwabacher Brothers, was congregation president. Other prominent members of the congregation, were Bailey Gatzert, Seattle's first (and, as of 2008, still only) Jewish mayor, also associated with Schwabacher Brothers, and Jacob Furth, a banker and a key figure in the creation of Seattle's infrastructure for water and electricity.
Their synagogue at 8th Avenue and Seneca Street on First Hill was designed by Herman Steinman. It opened on September 18, 1892, four days after Reform Temple Emanu-El in Spokane, making the latter the first synagogue in Washington. The Spokane congregation later merged into Beth Shalom, Spokane.
Ohaveth Sholum Congregation also had a cemetery (established 1889) on Queen Anne Hill. The congregation disbanded 1895 or 1896, and the building was foreclosed upon. The cemetery passed first into the hands of the Seattle Hebrew Benevolent Society and later (in 1910) Temple De Hirsch, later merged into Temple De Hirsch-Sinai.

</doc>
<doc id="20257580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257580" title="Cruizer-class sloop">
Cruizer-class sloop

The "Cruizer" class was a class of 17-gun wooden screw sloops built for the Royal Navy between 1852 and 1856, comprising six vessels.
Design.
The wooden sloops of the "Cruizer" class were designed under the direction of Lord John Hay, and after his "Committee of Reference" was disbanded, their construction was supervised by the new Surveyor of the Navy, Sir Baldwin Walker. A pair of ships named "Cracker" and "Hornet" had been ordered from Deptford and Woolwich in April 1847 as "steam gun schooners", with the intention of ordering four more. They were suspended in August 1847, and the new ships "Cruizer" and "Hornet" were re-ordered on 1 November 1850. "Harrier" was ordered in 1851, "Fawn" in 1852, and both "Falcon" and "Alert" on 2 April 1853. "Cruizer" differed from the rest of the class in having a lower-rated geared engine and a displacement of 960 tons, compared to 1,045 tons for the rest of the class.
Propulsion.
Their two-cylinder horizontal single-expansion steam engines generated an indicated horsepower of between and ; driving a single screw, this gave a maximum speed of between and .
Sail plan.
All ships of the class were built with a barque-rig sail plan.
Armament.
All the ships of the class were provided with one 32-pounder (56cwt) long gun on a pivot mount and sixteen 32-pounder (32cwt) carriage guns in a broadside arrangement. "Alert" had her guns reduced to four Armstrong breech-loaders in 1874 as part of her conversion to an Arctic exploration vessel.
Development.
The "Greyhound"-class sloop of 1855 was essentially a "Cruizer"-class design adapted to carry a more powerful engine developing an indicated horsepower of up to , giving a top speed under steam of . The second and last ship of the "Greyhound" class, "Mutine", had originally been ordered as the seventh vessel of the "Cruiser" class.
Operational histories.
"Cruizer".
From 1853 to 1856, "Cruizer" took part in the Baltic campaign of the Russian War. Renamed "Cruiser" in 1856, she served on the China station during the Second Opium War, including the taking of Canton and the attack on the Taku Forts on the Peiho river in 1859. Laid up in Portsmouth from 1861 to 1866, she recomissioned for the Mediterranean, where she served until 1870. She became part of the Steam Reserve in 1870, but in 1872 she recommissioned in Portsmouth for service as a sail training ship in the Mediterranean, for which role her engines were removed. In May 1893 she was renamed "Lark" and in 1912 she was sold at Malta.
"Hornet".
"Hornet" served in the Baltic in 1854 during the Russian War, and from 1854 until 1859 she served in the East Indies and in China, taking part in the Second Opium War. After a refit in 1859-1860 she recommissioned for the Cape of Good Hope Station and served both there and on the East Indies Station. She paid off at Portsmouth on 22 September 1864 and was broken up by White of Cowes in 1868.
"Harrier".
From 1854 to 1856 "Harrier" took part in the Russian War as part of the naval force in the Baltic. She served on the South Atlantic Station before refitting in Portsmouth in 1860. She recommissioned on 29 October 1860 for the Australia Station, where she took part in the New Zealand War. Her captain, Commander Edward Hay, was killed on 30 April 1864 during the storming of Gate Pā, and his Coxswain, Samuel Mitchell, was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery. "Harrier" paid off at Portsmouth on 31 March 1865 and was broken up the next year.
"Fawn".
"Fawn" commissioned at Sheerness on 30 October 1859 and until 1863 served on the Australia Station. She refitted at Sheerness in 1863, and from 1864 to 1868 served on the North America and West Indies Station. After a second refit at Sheerness in 1869 she went to the Pacific Station, where she remained until 1875. In 1876 she was converted to a survey ship, and in this role she surveyed areas of the east coast of Africa, the Sea of Marmara and the Mediterranean. On 6 April 1883 she paid off, and she was broken up the next year.
"Falcon".
"Falcon" served in the Baltic during the Russian War before transferring to the North America and West Indies station, where she served until 1857. She refitted in Portsmouth in 1858, then served on the West Coast of Africa from 1859 to 1862. She refitted again in Portsmouth during 1863 before spending the rest of her active life on the Australia Station. During this period she took part in the New Zealand Wars. She paid off at Woolwich on 3 October 1868 and was sold on 27 September 1869 to C Marshall for breaking at Plymouth.

</doc>
<doc id="20257589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257589" title="Klaus-Degenhard Schmidt">
Klaus-Degenhard Schmidt

Klaus-Degenhard Schmidt (3 January 1918 in Kiel – 22 December 1944 in Südhoofden, north of Dunkirk) was a German Schnellboot commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="20257600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257600" title="Arnoldo Penzkofer">
Arnoldo Penzkofer

Arnoldo "Nene" Penzkofer (1959 in Cambyreta, Itapúa – November 16, 2008 in Asunción) was a Paraguayan basketball player. 
At a height of 2.12 m (6 ft 11.5 in), Penzkofer was the tallest Paraguayan basketball player in history and one of the most influential figures in the sport. In his native Itapúa Penzkofer worked as a milkman, and at the age of 18 he was invited to join Club Ciudad Nueva by a scout from that team even though he had never practiced basketball before and was not aware of any of the sport's rules.
Throughout his career, he played for teams like Ciudad Nueva, Olimpia, Sol de América and Deportivo San José in Paraguay, helping all of them capture the Paraguayan championship. He also played for teams in Argentina and Brazil, and was part of the Paraguay national basketball team for several years. He died in November 2008 of a heart attack, at the age of 49.

</doc>
<doc id="20257622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257622" title="Henry Millar">
Henry Millar

Henry James Millar (died 1959) was an Irish rugby international. He won four caps between 1904 and 1905.
After his playing career he was President of the Leinster Branch of the IRFU in the 1922/23 season as well as President of the IRFU in the 1928/29 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20257628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257628" title="Zali Log">
Zali Log

Zali Log (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The 19th-century local church is dedicated to the Assumption of Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="20257632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257632" title="Faculty of Human, Social, and Political Science, University of Cambridge">
Faculty of Human, Social, and Political Science, University of Cambridge

The Faculty of Human, Social, and Political Science at the University of Cambridge was created in 2011 out of a merger of the Faculty of Archaeology and Anthropology and the Faculty of Politics, Psychology, Sociology and International Studies.
The Faculty houses 3 departments: Department of Archaeology and Anthropology, Department of Politics and International Studies and Department of Sociology. Each of these departments has a worldwide reputation for teaching and research, and the undergraduate curriculum (Tripos) is designed to serve both students who have a clear disciplinary commitment at the time of application as well as those who want a broader multidisciplinary degree. Students with a passion for politics can take advantage of links with such departments as Economics and History, those with interests in Sociology can draw on Anthropology and Geography, while those dedicated to pursuing an archaeology career can specialise from the first year or combine this with Biological and Social Anthropology.
Undergraduate students study several disciplines in their first year and then specialise in one or two disciplines in their second and third years. Clearly specified tracks (Archaeology, Biological Anthropology, Politics, Psychology, Social Anthropology, Sociology, or a combination of disciplines) ensure that students graduate with appropriate intellectual and professional skills. Assyriology and Egyptology are also possible specialisations, within the Archaeology track.
At the postgraduate level, there are established one-year M.Phils in Archaeology (including Assyriology and Egyptology), Biological Anthropology, International Studies, Social Anthropology and Sociology. A new M.Phil in Politics was launched in 2008. Ph.D students conduct research within a wide range of subjects within Archaeology, Assyriology, Egyptology, Biological and Social Anthropology, Politics & International Studies and Sociology.
The Faculty is currently spread across several sites. The SPS Library (now affiliated with the University Library) and the Department of Sociology are on Free School Lane at the New Museums Site. The Department of Politics & International Studies is currently located at the Alison Richard Building on the Sidgwick Site. The Department of Archaeology & Anthropology is spread across the Downing Site, New Museums Site, and Henry Wellcome Building.
Selected Members of the Faculty.
University & College Teaching Officers in the HSPS Faculty
Selected Members of the Faculty elsewhere in the University
Teaching.
Tripos (BA)
An Archaeology and Anthropology Tripos has been taught at Cambridge for more than a century. A Politics, Psychology and Sociology Tripos (previously known as Social and Political Sciences, "SPS") has been running at Cambridge University, in some form, since 1970. From 2013, the PPS and A&A Triposes will be replaced by the Human, Social, and Political Sciences Tripos (HSPS), which will offer students the opportunity to explore a wide range of multi-disciplinary options before specialising in one or two subjects, or to specialise from the first year, according to their interests.
Postgraduate (MPhil/PhD)
The Faculty teaches seven masters programmes in Archaeology (including Assyriology and Egyptology), Biological Anthropology, International Studies, Social Anthropology, Social and Developmental Psychology, Politics, and Sociology. The Faculty also has around 200 students studying for doctorates at any one time.
Applications.
The number of applicants per place for Politics, Psychology and Sociology has traditionally been one of the highest in Cambridge, with an average of over 6 applications for each place. Numbers of applications for the new HSPS BA course remain high across all colleges.
As of 2008-2009

</doc>
<doc id="20257647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257647" title="Mining archaeology in the British Isles">
Mining archaeology in the British Isles

Mining Archaeology is a specific field well developed in the British Isles during recent decades. A reason of ongoing interest in this field is the particular bond between regional history and the exploitation of metals. References to mines in the area exist in Strabo's works. However the first accomplished study on the topic was attempted by Oliver Davies in 1935. Other momentous researches were that of geologist John Jackson about mines in Ireland and Lewis and Jones in Dolaucothi goldmine in Wales. It would be inappropriate not to mention the contribution of R.F.Tylecote not only in this section but in general about the establishment of archaeo-metallurgy. Moreover in the 1980s and 1990s a new generation of amateurs and scientists began investigations in different locations in the British Isles, including Duncan James on the Great Orme's Head, Simon Timberlake with the Early Mines Research Group at sites in Wales and William O'Brien in Ireland.
Prehistoric Period.
Signs of Bronze Age metal extraction have been identified from several locations in the British Isles; this has been certified with carbon-14 analysis. Oliver Davies has accomplished the most intensive archaeological investigation in central Wales at Cwmystwyth. The first investigation conducted in 1935, however in 1986 a group of scientists instituted the Early Mines Research Group and reinvestigate the Copa Hill region including Cwmystwyth. Even though lead deposits are the main concentration the first metal extracted in the area was copper. The main lead lode is at "Comet lode" where a large opencast was excavated. At the walls of the opencast, revealed entrances of tunnels, which were constructed to follow smaller veins. At one of them, a wooden "pipe" was found. Moreover, in the same area a considerable amount of dump was exposed including stone hammers and lead ores. Charcoal samples from the site give several different dates from 2000–1900 BC to 1400 BC.
Other two significant sites are Parys Mountain and Nantyreira mine located in mid-Wales. Copper was the reason for their early exploitation even if Nantyreira's main lode contained predominantly lead ores. S.Timberlake and the Early Mines Research Group in 1986 explored them. The excavations had as a result the discovery of dump in both sites. Charcoal and stonehammers were found inside the tip. The C14 samples place both areas at the Early Bronze Age 2000–1500 BC.
The Great Orme mine exploitation, on the North Wales coast began in the Bronze Age and continued until the nineteenth century. According to remains, mine workings have been traced in the Bryniau, Poethion and Pyllau valley. The dolomitised limestone deposits are rich in copper which early miners must extract mostly by malachite. Because of ground composition, the extraction was sufficiently easy, this explains also the scale of the operations.
In 1976 Duncan James revealed in Great Orme a shaft which included a firesetting in connection with stone hammers, bone tools and rock dump. The deposit was placed by radiocarbon-dating to 1395–935 BC. Andy Lewis continued the research in the area at the late 1980s. It is believed that the operations in the location ended shortly after 1000 BC.
Extractions techniques with visible remains are the opencasts at the surface and group of shafts and caverns underground. The underground complex system was accessible by many different openings which simultaneously used as a ventilation system for the tunnels. The tools in the site constitute mainly by pointed bone tools and stonehammers. Other stone tools revealed at the locations were stone mortars and pestles, which indicate another stage in the ores exploitation. Moreover a unique find for British Isles were the giant hammers.
Evidence for early quarrying was also discovered in Alderley Edge though industrial operations in the 19th century destroyed a big part of the earlier deposits.
Ireland has also has many areas related with mining activities from the prehistoric period (O'Brien 2003). However, the two important mines are Mount Gabriel and Ross Island mines.
Ross Island lies near Killarney. Inside its area they have been exposed two primitive mines. O'Brien excavate "Danish mines" and revealed a mine cave and a huge spoil concentration nearby thus after the excavation of the latter, another unknown mine also appeared. Furthermore, he investigates pits and dips in the bedrock, which also considered primitive. The feature that differentiates this site is the discovery of a Beaker settlement very close with metallurgical pits, hammers and rock waste. This finds in combination with an early phase in 2400 BC makes the site and the settlement very important for mining Archaeology in the British Isles.
Mount Gabriel located close to west Cork provides useful evidence for the exploitation of copper ore in the Early Bronze Age about 1700 BC. Through research thirty-two areas of activity were underlined. Shallow concaves and significant amount of dump with charcoal and tools are the evidences of Bronze Age copper extraction in the region. Mount Gabriel constitute until now the only locations, where primitive assemblages remained undisturbed by 19th century deeds due to the low quality of its veins.
With the beginning of the Iron Age about 700 BC operations associated with ore exploitations spread around the British Isles. A representative example of the period are Puzzlewood's surface mines. The site prospered especially in the Romano-British period and the late Middle Ages. The limonite ores represent a small part of the local Carboniferous Limestone. The archaeological remains of mining which can be detected in the area are opencasts, known as Scowles Holes. It's important to underline the discovery of habitations areas in close proximity, dated around 100–400 AD.
Roman Period.
During the Roman period massive veins exploitation took part in the Mendips and Dolaucothi . Further metallic lead pigs originate from Peak District in Derbyshire has been discovered but the exact position of the mines remains unknown.
It is possible that the Mendip sources were already exploited in Late Bronze Age and some evidence earthworks are associated with British Iron Age activity, but the peak of production is linked with Roman era. Even if we do not have many actual evidences about the mines, through the examination of the archaeological sites in the area is known to us that the Charterhouse Roman Town were guarded by a fort and similar conditions may occurred in Green mines also at least for a period.
Dolaucothi.
Though the most acquainted site is the Dolaucothi Gold Mines near Pumpsaint in Wales. The gold mines were investigated by Jones and Lewis in 1969. The mines were in use until nowadays and their utilisation is obvious towards the surface of the site but also underground. The Roman presence in the area is dated from the beginning of their establishment in Great Britain and for a period of 300 years. The remains of mine workings former than 19th century are concentrated in five areas Ogofau, Niagara, Allt Cwmhenog, Pen-lan-wen and Cwrt-y-Cillion trenches. Furthermore in the Ogofau region a number of pits came to light. Despite the concentrations of dump and posterior workings the opencasts of roman period are visible and well preserved. The main one had preserved a depth of 24 metres at least other two opencasts are dated in the same period the co-called "Roman pit" and the "Mitchell pit". Likewise a second location with possible roman dated exploration is Pen-lan-wen where a group of adits was found, traces of chisels and picks were obvious at the surfaces of the ambit's walls but the evidence are tenuous. Undoubtedly the most striking feature of Dolaucothi mines is the constructions linked with hushing. Through the excavations by Lewis and Jones four main leats, a complex group of tanks and reservoirs were revealed in different areas either in direct vicinity with the mines or nearby water sources. Another crucial discovery was the fragment of a "drainage wheel", suggesting the existence of an underground wheel system similar to the well-known system of Rio Tinto in Spain.
Medieval Period.
The Middle Ages was a flourishing period for the exploitations of metal in general, a prime mover for this was the inference of monasteries in extraction of minerals. A famous archaeological site of this period is the northern Pennines at Brownhill, Cumbria, where lead ores were extracted from argentiferous lopes. The mine was under the jurisdiction of the Crown. The lead ores were obtained by opencasts that took a semi-ellipsoid shape thus they called "bell-pits". Evidences of medieval exploitation are preserved also at Copa hill were small parts of a leat system came to light. Further Ross Island excavations displayed a smelting site connected with a settlement nearby the local mines but the contemporary workings are untraceable. As far as tin industry concerns "lode back pits" at Godolphin have identified as medieval.
The contribution of other fields in Mining Archaeology.
To shape an overall image for mines in antiquity we have to consider in mind many different factors not only the architectural remains. Social context is one of these factors. The term includes the social status of the miners, their way of life, the relationships with adjoined communities due to archaeological record, the symbolic value of the ore which was reflected also at the finished objects and in general to recreate the past society in which these operations took part. Yet in collaboration with experimental archaeology important observations have occur as far as primitive techniques of extraction and their traceable residues or ways in which mining tools were used their properties and the distinctive marks of their usages. Moreover scientific analytical methods can submit important data about chemical composition of minerals, slag and artefacts allowing archaeologists to build correlations or identify provenance. Further the science of geology and pollen analysis can give us an image of landscape per eras. Finally documents and inscriptions as well offer valuable help for the historical periods.

</doc>
<doc id="20257648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257648" title="Lac de Chambon">
Lac de Chambon

The Lac de Chambon ("Chambon Lake") is an artificial lake on the Creuse River, France, created by the Eguzon dam, a hydroelectric dam. Beaches have been created around the lake, the largest in the Centre Region. There is a sailing school on the lake near Eguzon. Canoes, kayaks and pedalos can be hired in season. The lake is also very popular with waterskiers and anglers.
It is not be confused with Lac Chambon in the Puy-de-Dôme department or Lac du Chambon in the Isère department.

</doc>
<doc id="20257655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257655" title="Nadarević">
Nadarević

Nadarević is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20257657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257657" title="Colias phicomone">
Colias phicomone

The Mountain Clouded Yellow (Colias phicomone) is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is found in the Cantabrian Mountains, the Pyrenees, the Carpathian Mountains and the Alps. It flies at altitudes of 900 to 2800 meter. 
The wingspan is 40–50 mm. The butterfly flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Fabaceae" species.

</doc>
<doc id="20257666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257666" title="Sammie Winmill">
Sammie Winmill

Sammie Winmill (born Janice Winmill, 28 November 1948) is a British actress who had a number of roles in the 1970s, best known for portraying Carol in the Sci-fi series "The Tomorrow People".
Career.
Her first noted television appearance was appearing alongside Ronnie Barker in the comedy "Futtock's End" in 1970. Following small roles with Frankie Howerd in "Up Pompeii!" and "Up the Chastity Belt" (1971) she secured a regular part in the sitcom Doctor in Charge in 1972 playing Nurse Sandra Crumpton. This role ran for six episodes of the first series. Soon after she appeared in the all-star television pantomime, "The Pied Piper" (1972).
In 1973 she was offered the role of Carol in a new children's science-fiction series, "The Tomorrow People". Winmill played the role throughout the thirteen episodes of the first series but declined to continue in the part, despite being offered a three-year contract. This was mainly due to her fear of being typecast and wanting to do more stage work, although the actress now believes that she quit the role too early.
Winmill went on to do much theatre work over the next few years before landing another regular television role in "The Duchess of Duke Street" in 1976. She played the part of Ethel for eleven episodes until 1977. She also appeared in an episode of "The Professionals", but by the early 1980s she had decided to retire from the industry.
Over the next few years, Winmill became involved in other activities such as folk singing (she also plays guitar) and joined the Template Foundation, due to her interest in the psychic mind. She also organises drama and dance workshops specifically for women with an emphasis on spiritual well-being. In the late 1990s she made a return to acting, appearing in a one-woman show which she wrote herself and starred in a number of Science-fiction audio drama CDs.

</doc>
<doc id="20257667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257667" title="Joyce Smith">
Joyce Smith

Joyce Esther Smith (born Joyce Esther Byatt, 26 October 1937) is a British former long-distance runner.
Biography.
Smith was born in Stoke Newington, London, and began running competitively in the 1950s, at which time the longest distance for women in international competitions was 800 metres. She won the English National Crosscountry Championship (AAA) in 1959 and 1960. In 1965, she told "Athletics Weekly" that she intended to continue competing "for two more years at the most" and stopped running competitively in 1968.
Smith returned to competitive running in 1969, and broke the world record for the 3000 metres distance in 1971, and won the bronze medal in 1971, the gold medal in 1972 and the silver medal in 1973 in the IAAF World Cross Country Championships. She reached the semi-final of the 1500 metres at the 1972 Olympic Games. In 1973, she won her third National Crosscountry Championship. She won the bronze medal in 3000 m at the European Athletics Championships in 1974.
In 1978, she retired from track running after setting a new world record for 3000 m in the age group W40 of 9:11.2 minutes, which was broken 27 years later, and ran her first marathon in 1979, beating the previous British record held by Rosemary Cox by nine minutes and seventeen seconds in a time of 2:41:37.
In 1979, she won the "Avon International Marathon" in Waldniel. In 1979 and 1980, she won the first two editions of the Tokyo International Women's Marathon. In 1980, she set a new British 25 kilometre record of 1:28:18 in Bruges, which was also the new W40 world record which was broken 24 years later.
In 1981, she won the first London Marathon in 2:29:57, becoming the first British woman and the first woman over 40 to complete the distance in less than two and a half hours. A year later, she won the event in 2:29:43, again setting a new British record, and becoming the oldest woman to win the race at 44 years, 195 days, a record which has not yet been broken.
In the first World Athletics Championships in 1983 in Helsinki, she finished ninth in the marathon. In 1984, she became the oldest female Olympic athlete by running in the first women's Olympic marathon, and finished eleventh at the age of 46.
She retired from competitive running in 1986 after setting a new W45 record for the ten mile distance of 55:33.
In 1984, Smith was awarded the MBE. She and her husband, Bryan, are on the board of trustees of the London Marathon Charitable Trust. Bryan is a marathon coach who also organises the Mini London Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="20257688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257688" title="Late Show Fun Facts (book)">
Late Show Fun Facts (book)

Late Show Fun Facts is a book that was published in 2008 by Hyperion Books. It was written by David Letterman and the Late Show writers. The book is full of "fun" facts, which are not necessarily true. The book is based on a comedy sketch of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="20257719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257719" title="Evandale Ferry">
Evandale Ferry

The Evandale Ferry is a cable ferry in the Canadian province of New Brunswick. The ferry carries New Brunswick Route 124 across the Saint John River, linking Kars on the east bank to Evandale on the west bank.
The crossing is in length, takes 5 minutes, and is free of tolls. The ferry carries up to 15 cars at a time, and operates 24 hours a day all year. It is operated by the New Brunswick Department of Transportation. The department has a ferry maintenance yard by the ferry's eastern terminus.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="20257727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257727" title="Muddy flood">
Muddy flood

A muddy flood is produced by an accumulation of run-off over agricultural land . Sediments are picked up by the run-off and carried as suspended matter or bed-load. Muddy floods are typically a hill-slope process, and should not be confused with confusion with mudflows produced by mass movements.
Muddy floods can damage the road infrastructure and may deposit layers of mud blanket and may also clog sewers and damage private property.
It has been referred to 'muddy floods' since the 1980s. A similar designation appeared in French ('inondations boueuses') during the same period.
Muddy flood generation.
Muddy runoff is generated on agricultural land when the soil surface is exposed or sparsely covered by vegetation. Large quantities of run-off usually generated by heavy storms is needed to start such a flood.
Muddy flood occurrence.
Muddy floods have been observed in the entire European loess belt. Other affceted areas include Normandy and Picardy (France), central Belgium and southern Limburg, the Netherlands.
Muddy floods have also been observed in Slovakia and Poland.
Temporal evolution.
An increase in muddy flood frequency has been observed during the last twenty years (e.g. in central Belgium,). This increase in their frequency may be due to a number of factors including:
Control measures.
Preventive measures consist in limiting runoff generation and sediment production at the source. Alternative farming practices (e.g. reduced tillage) to increase runoff infiltration and limit erosion in their fields may assist.
Curative measures generally consist in installing retention ponds at the boundary between cropland and inhabited areas.
An alternative is to apply other measures than can be referred to as intermediate measures. Grass buffer strips along or within fields, a grassed waterway (in the thalwegs of dry valleys) or earthen dams are good examples of this type of measures. They act as a buffer within landscape, retaining runoff temporarily and trapping sediments.
Implementation of these measures is best coordinated at the catchment scale.

</doc>
<doc id="20257730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257730" title="Huanggang Normal University">
Huanggang Normal University

Huanggang Normal University (HNU; ) is a full-time provincial public normal university in Hubei, China. It is under the Educational Administration of Hubei Province.HNU offers courses to undergraduate students as well as other training courses for continuing education.
History.
The predecessor of HNU was Huangzhou Normal School founded in 1905, and was renamed Huanggang County Teachers school of Hubei Province (1937), and Huanggang Teachers school of Hubei Province (1950). HNU was approved by the State Council under the name of Huanggang Normal College in 1978 and it was among the first National Colleges for advanced training in 1988. It was entitled the current name as Huanggang Normal University by the Ministry of Education in 1999.
Location.
HNU is located in Huangzhou, Huanggang, Hubei, which is the hometown of the printing inventor, Bi Sheng, and Li Shizhen, a famous pharmacist in traditional Chinese medicine, and Li SiGuang (J.S.Lee), a Geologist with great achievement, and General Lin Biao, former Chinese vice president of Chinese Communist Party, and Li Xiannian and Dong Biwu, former Chinese presidents.
Campus.
HNU has three campuses—Zhuming, Yinpan and South Lake. The number of registered full-time students is about 12000 and that of students in continuing education is about 1500. There are 585 faculty including 42 professors, 123 associate professors, 115 of them with PhD or master’s degrees and 11 foreign experts . HNU is equipped with state-of-the-art teaching labs for experiments in biology, chemistry, physics, etc., and visual-audio labs and multi–media classrooms for various needs. Its library has a collection of 741,700 books, 1,605 periodicals in Chinese and foreign languages and nearly 11,000 periodicals of electronic editions.
Academics.
HNU has now 13 schools and departments. They are Literature School, Foreign Language School, School of Art, Departments of Political Science and law,English education for undergraduates, Trade and economy, Mathematics, physics and electric technology, Chemistry, Biology, physical education, educational technology, Chinese Language and Literature, News and Media, English, Japanese, Music, Ideological and Political Education, Political and Executive Science, Science of Law, International Economy and Trade, Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Information and Computational Science, Electronic Information Science and Technology, Electronic Information Engineering, Pharmaceutical Engineering, Biological Science, Food Science and Engineering, Physical Education Pedagogical Technology, Computer Science and Technology. The arts and musicology are the experimental specialities of ministry of Education, the Chinese language and literature is the famous speciality in colleges and universities of Hubei province. The study of Chinese ancient literature is one of the key studies in Hubei Province. There are a group of advanced teaching and research sections and excellent courses of provincial level.
HNU is not a research university, but it integrates teaching and academic research and it has set up ten funds to finance it—the fund for modernized teaching reform, the writing of teaching material, for achievements in teaching research, for achievements in academic research, for nurturing talents of the New Century, for international communications, for rewarding outstanding students, for instructions of professors or experts, for winning honor for our university and the fund for students’ activities. From 2001 to 2003, HNU had been undertaking 182 research projects including five provincial ones and 91 ones of Bureau lever, winning 17 awards for research achievements in the province. In addition, 76 academic monographs and text books and 2480 academic treatises have been published, of which 24 were indexed by the major international indexing systems of Science Citation Index (SCI) and Engineering Index (EI), 432 articles of drawing or creative works also has been published. The research of Chinese ancient literature, the research of revolution history of the east of Hubei province and the research of English long-distance education are influential amongst the equivalent colleges and universities nationwide.
International Communication.
HNU actively carries out a wide range of international educational and cultural exchanges. It has established intercommunion and cooperation with some universities, colleges and educational or research institutes in America, Britain, Australia, France and Japan. More than 80 foreign experts and teachers have been invited to teach or give lectures at HNU and over 10 foreign teachers works at teaching post all the year round. Many faculty members have been sent abroad for training, visit or doing research in the USA, Britain, France, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Germany, Japan, Norway, Hong Kong, Macao and so on. Moreover, there has been substantial progress in the following aspects: running university jointly with overseas universities and sent out scholars and students mutually.
Achievements.
HNU lays stress on innovation education and quality education endeavoring to educate comprehensive students to meet the need of society. HNU has gained fundamental achievement in variety of national competitions, such as the National Undergraduate Competition of Mathematical modeling, Electronic designing, English Teaching, the Speech Contest, the Singing Contest, the Sports Meeting and the like. The achievements of students in scientific research and creative works are abundant, there have been published more than 2000 pieces of writings or works. The graduates of HNU received warm welcome by the employment units for solid knowledge, outstanding specialty, pragmatic spirit and innovative ability. Among the graduates of all previous years some became deputies to the National People’s Congress, committee members to Political Consultative Conference, National Model Workers, National Excellent Teachers, famous scholars, celebrated experts or successful enterprisers, some were admitted as postgraduates or even doctors and the majority of them became the backbones of fundamental teaching in the countryside.Famous as the cradle of qualified teachers, HNU has been contributing to the basic education of the Huanggang City as well as whole China. For instance, 70% head masters of middle schools of the city, including tree presidents of the famous Huanggang Middle School, are graduates of HNU. For 7 years, students won the first prize in country-wide Annual Mathematical Model Competition for university students since 1999. Its employment rate for graduates has been as high as 90%, and topped the provincial universities in 2003.Its high teaching and management quality was again proved by the fact that among the first batch of schools.
Developments.
Reviewing the developing progress of HNU, the basic experience can be summarized as follows: Firstly, keeping the normal education as the mission, actively educating teaching staffs with solid knowledge, general quality and innovation spirit for fundamental education ; Secondly, adapting to the new circumstance under the innovation of higher education, Seeking the opportunities of development, persist enterprising and exploring, developing both internal and external area，coping with the relationship of innovation, development and stability; Thirdly, insisting on being practical and critical, putting everything on the basis of reality, trying to achieve sustained and healthy development of all the aspects; Fourthly, maintaining teaching as the main body, making sure the lity of educating . In addition, HNU insists on developing through innovating, strengthens party-organizing and ideological and political affairs, conducts adjustment of organizational structure, reformation of arrangements of personnel and distribution, improvement of management of teaching and scientific research, innovation of the socialization of rear service and gives impetus to the development of all the causes. Over the recent five year, HNU has been awarded a variety of honorable titles.
Since 1998, the leaders of the party and nation, for instance, Song Jian, Zhang Siqing, Chen Zhili and Minister of Education-Zhou Ji inspected HNU successively, gave important instruction in the constructions and development of our university, fully affirmed our various tasks. The leaders of Hubei Proviue and Huanggang city ca-me personally for many times to give directions in fundamental building, teaching affairs, talent-educating and so on.
Present.
At present, the teaching staff and students are under the guidance of the “Three representatives” making use of the appraisal of the qualified undergraduate teaching work by the state Ministry of Education, insisting on improving the reformation, the construction and management by means of appraisal, continuing deepening the education innovation and quickening construction and development of our college, doing all we can to make greater progress in undergraduate teaching work.

</doc>
<doc id="20257740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257740" title="1960 Major League Baseball All-Star Game (second game)">
1960 Major League Baseball All-Star Game (second game)

The second 1960 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was the 29th playing of Major League Baseball's annual midsummer exhibition game. The game took place at Yankee Stadium in New York City, home of the American League's New York Yankees. The National League won the game by a score of 6–0. The National League hit four home runs, tying an All-Star Game record.
Game.
For many local New York fans, the second All-Star Game marked the return of Willie Mays to New York. Against starting pitcher Whitey Ford, Mays led off the game with a single, then homered in the third. Eddie Matthews and Stan Musial also hit home runs in the game. The All-Star game also marked the eighteenth and final All-Star appearance of Ted Williams, who left the competition with a .304 average, four home runs, twelve runs batted in and ten runs scored.

</doc>
<doc id="20257743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257743" title="AVZ">
AVZ

AVZ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20257772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257772" title="Jean-Marie Demange">
Jean-Marie Demange

Jean-Marie Demange (23 July 1943 in Toulouse – 17 November 2008) was a French member of Parliament. A member of the UMP he Mayor of Thionville for 13 years, serving in that capacity from June 25, 1995 to March 21, 2008. He had been distraught after losing the 2008 election to a Socialist and committed suicide by gunshot after he killed his mistress following a heated argument.

</doc>
<doc id="20257790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257790" title="Philip Carter">
Philip Carter

Sir Philip David Carter CBE (born 8 May 1927) is a Scottish-born football director, life president of Everton Football Club and a former director of Littlewoods.
Born in Scotland, Carter's family moved to Lancashire when he was 2 years old. He attended Waterloo Grammar School in Waterloo, Liverpool. He joined Littlewoods as a 21-year-old in 1948 and 28 years later he was installed as the Managing Director.
He has had three spells with Everton Football Club. His first began in 1976 when he joined the board of directors. Two years later he was installed as Chairman.
Carter was involved with the formation of the Premier League. He along with four others were invited to dinner with ITV to discuss a break-away league that would feature the five largest clubs in the country (Arsenal, Everton, Liverpool, Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur) more frequently than any other teams thus those five clubs would receive more money than the others. He responded favourably.
While Carter was chairman of Everton, he oversaw some of the greatest successes of their history, including the 1984 FA Cup triumph, the European Cup Winners' Cup glory of 1985, as well as two league championships (the first in 1985, the second in 1987). On 31 October 1987, he famously disowned a host of Everton fans who were making racist chants at Liverpool winger John Barnes in a First Division Merseyside derby at Goodison Park. His condemnation of the club's racist supporters ("Stay Away You Scum") made the front page of several national newspapers. 
When Peter Johnson purchased the club, Carter vacated his position only to be asked to return for a second spell by Johnson's buyer Bill Kenwright in 1998 where he remained in the position for six years before opting to retire, aged 78.
In 2008, he was brought back to the board of directors for a second time by Bill Kenwright, this time because an Extraordinary General Meeting had been called and there were not enough available directors to attend (a minimum of three is needed) following the resignation of Keith Wyness.
Sir Philip Carter has voiced his approval of Everton FC relocating out of the city of Liverpool.
He was awarded a CBE in 1982 and a knighthood.

</doc>
<doc id="20257793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257793" title="Park Headquarters, Lassen Volcanic National Park">
Park Headquarters, Lassen Volcanic National Park

The Headquarters Building at Lassen Volcanic National Park was built in 1928 in an adapted National Park Service Rustic style.
The building served not only as the administration building but as a visitor center, and it quickly became too small for the developing park's needs. It was remodeled three times during its first eleven years. In 1932, the west wing was expanded with an addition that included men's and women's bathrooms and an enlargement to the superintendent's office. A back porch was added in 1935 to protect the doorways and windows from snow and to provide storage space for furnace wood. 
The park's Developmental Outline for 1938 states that due to development in the park, the building was not large enough, adding "oreover, the present building does not have sufficient storage space, is hard to keep warm in winter, and presents a bleak and unattractive aspect on the outside which gives all park visitors coming by the Headquarters Area a very bad first impression of the park." The park proposed moving the present building elsewhere on the site and converting it to housing, and building a new Administration and Visitor Center Building. Funding was not available for a new building so from 1939 through 1940 the building received a major renovation with the addition of an east wing, which also included an addition to the basement. This work was done according to drawings LV-NP 3004 C & D, designed by G. W. Norgard of the Branch of Plans and Designs, and was a Civilian Conservation Corps construction project. At that time, an engineer's office was added to the second floor, the stairs were reconfigured, a clerk's office was added to the first floor and the Assistant Superintendent's office was expanded. The new east wing had a wood shingled dormer on the south side, and a similar dormer was added to the west wing and the eave extended. The front entrance porch in the north wing was enclosed to expand the lobby and a new stone porch was added to its east side. Stone veneer was applied below the windows on the front and on the exposed concrete foundations. A wood flagpole in a stone base and a stone water fountain were installed on the front lawn.

</doc>
<doc id="20257824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257824" title="The Life and Death of Jeremy Bentham">
The Life and Death of Jeremy Bentham

"The Life and Death of Jeremy Bentham" is the seventh television episode of the fifth season of ABC's "Lost". The 93rd episode of the show overall, "The Life and Death of Jeremy Bentham" aired on February 25, 2009 on ABC in the United States, being simulcast on A in Canada. The episode was written by showrunners and executive producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse and directed by Jack Bender.
John Locke, after stopping the time shifts and being transported to 2007 in the Tunisian Desert, starts his journey as Jeremy Bentham. At the crash site of the Ajira Airways Flight 316, the passengers try to find the identity of an unidentified man.
Plot.
The episode begins an unknown amount of time after the crash of Ajira Airways Flight 316, which took off from Los Angeles in the previous episode, "316", and has crashed on the small island where the is located. One of the crash survivors, Caesar (Saïd Taghmaoui), searches through Benjamin Linus's (Michael Emerson) old office in the Hydra Station, finding several documents and a sawed-off shotgun. He is interrupted by Ilana (Zuleikha Robinson), who informs him that a man no one remembers seeing on the plane has been found: John Locke (Terry O'Quinn). Locke explains to Ilana that the last thing he remembers is dying.
The narrative shifts into an extended flashback of Locke's time off the island, since he left it in "This Place is Death". In late 2007, Locke awakens in a desert in Tunisia, where he is taken to a local hospital and visited by Charles Widmore (Alan Dale). Widmore tells Locke that he led the Others until Ben took over and tricked him into leaving the island. Widmore pledges to help Locke reunite the Oceanic Six—Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox), Kate Austen (Evangeline Lilly), Sayid Jarrah (Naveen Andrews), Sun-Hwa Kwon (Yunjin Kim), Hugo "Hurley" Reyes (Jorge Garcia) and Claire Littleton's (Emilie de Ravin) son, Aaron—in order to take them back to the island. Widmore gives Locke a fake identity, Jeremy Bentham, and assigns Matthew Abaddon (Lance Reddick) to assist him.
Sayid, Hurley and Kate all refuse to go back to the island after being visited by Locke. Locke also visits Walt Lloyd (Malcolm David Kelley), but decides not to ask him to return to the island because he has been through enough already. Meanwhile, Kate's conversation with Locke leads him to look for his old girlfriend, Helen Norwood (Katey Sagal), who he discovers has died. While visiting her grave, Abaddon is shot and killed; Locke gets into a car accident after he flees the scene in a panic. He awakens in Jack's hospital, where the two once again argue about the island. Before Jack leaves, Locke tells him that his father, Christian Shephard (John Terry), is alive on the island. This greatly upsets Jack, and he leaves. Locke then goes to a hotel, where he attempts to hang himself. Ben, however, shows up and talks Locke down. He admits to shooting Abaddon, claiming it was to protect Locke. After learning of Locke's plan to seek advice from Eloise Hawking (Fionnula Flanagan) on how to return to the island, Ben kills Locke, making it look like suicide. He then takes Jin-Soo Kwon's (Daniel Dae Kim) wedding ring, which Jin had entrusted to Locke. The narrative returns to the present on the island, where Locke discovers an unconscious Ben among the injured passengers of Flight 316.
Production.
This episode and "316" were written at the same time by executive producers Lindelof and Cuse. "The Life and Death of Jeremy Bentham" was originally meant to be aired first, but the order was switched because they felt it made more sense and was "cooler." While in the "mini-camp" where the writing team decided the plot elements of season five, it was decided to have five episodes continuing the story of most characters, before a "concept episode" telling the story of Locke's journey before dying, as it was "the missing piece" to the story of the Oceanic Six and their return to the island. The script originally requested for Locke to suffer a head-on collision, but stunt coordinator Michael Trisler suggested a change to a crossroads accident between three cars, because a head-on could not be reenacted in a way it would be safe to the stunt driver. Two blue cars like the one Locke drives were used for the stunts.
Reception.
The episode attracted 12.078 million American viewers and 359,000 Australian viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="20257831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257831" title="Anđelković">
Anđelković

Anđelković is a Serbian surname, which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20257838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257838" title="Pacific Place Jakarta">
Pacific Place Jakarta

The Pacific Place Jakarta is an international shopping mall located in the Sudirman Central Business District, South Jakarta, Indonesia. The building is divided into three different sections: the six-floor Pacific Place mall, the One Pacific Place office center, and the three tower The Ritz-Carlton Pacific Place hotel. This Dua Mutiara project was originally designed as a triangular building, a common design in the vicinity. The mall opened in November 2007.
Shops and building inside.
Notable tenants include Blitzmegaplex, Kidzania Jakarta, Kem Chicks, and the Metro Group, which also opened a Metro Department Store in Pondok Indah Mall. Metro changed its Department Store tenant's name to M Pacific Place. Lately, more of the famous tenants opened, including Best Denki, Panorama Tours (also as a sponsor of Kidzania Jakarta, also located in the mall. The mall was widely acclaimed for hosting special events, such as the RBS F1 Driver Challenge, a Formula One simulator based on the Williams FW29, Bazaar Art Jakarta. And also has been the venue for Jakarta Fashion Week. 
The basement level includes Kem Chicks supermarket, restaurants, ATMs, and a bridge to the Ritz Carlton Hotel towers, and the Jakarta Stock Exchange. The Ritz Carlton Pacific Place is the only hotel in the building and has 62 rooms.The One Pacific Place building is the only office block of the building, located north of the building. Galeries Lafayette, the luxurious French department had opened a branch in the mall as of 2013, the second of it's kind after Dubai in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="20257868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257868" title="Tom Morello discography">
Tom Morello discography

This is the discography of Tom Morello, an American Grammy-award winning rock guitarist most known for his work with the bands Rage Against the Machine, Audioslave, Street Sweeper Social Club and as his folk alter-ego The Nightwatchman. Morello started playing guitar in the mid 80's in the band Electric Sheep together with future Tool guitarist Adam Jones on bass. After graduating "" from Harvard University in 1986 with a BA in political science, he moved to Los Angeles, where he briefly worked as an aide to Senator Alan Cranston. Later Adam Jones moved to L.A. as well; Morello introduced Jones and Maynard James Keenan to Danny Carey, who would come to form the band Tool. In the late 80's Morello was recruited to replace original guitar player Mike Livingston in the rock band Lock Up, in 1986 the band released its only album Something Bitchin' This Way Comes. In 1991 Morello left Lock Up to start a new band, after being impressed by Zack de la Rocha freestyle rapping he invited him to join his band, he also drafted Brad Wilk who had previously auditioned as a drummer for Lock Up. After Zack convinced his childhood friend Tim Commerford to join as the band's bass player the line up was complete.
The band released their selftitled debut album "Rage Against the Machine" in 1992, which became a commercial success, leading to a slot at Lollapalooza in 1993. Four years later the band released their follow-up record "Evil Empire". The band's third album "The Battle of Los Angeles" was released in 1999. During their initial nine-year run, they became one of the most popular and influential political bands in contemporary music. After the band break up in 2000, the band released their fourth studio album "Renegades", which is composed entirely of cover songs. Vocalist Zack de la Rocha started a low-key solo career; while Morello and the rest of the band formed the rock supergroup Audioslave with former Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell.
Audioslave released their selftitled debut album in 2002, critics initially described Audioslave as an amalgamation of Rage Against the Machine and Soundgarden, but with the band's second album, "Out of Exile", noted that the band had established its own separate identity. The band's trademark sound was created by blending 1970s hard rock with 1990s grunge. Morello also incorporated his well-known, unconventional guitar solos into the band's sound. After Audioslave released three successful albums, received three Grammy nominations, and became the first American rock band to perform an open-air concert in Cuba, Cornell issued a statement in February 2007 that he was permanently leaving the band "due to irresolvable personality conflicts as well as musical differences". 
After a seven-year hiatus, Rage Against the Machine reunited in January 2007 at the Coachella Festival and have has continued to perform at multiple live venues since, however, according to Morello, Rage Against the Machine has no plans to record new material.
In 2003 Morello created the identity of The Nightwatchman, an "artist of the people," when a desire to return to political activism in his music struck him, after over a year of playing non-activist rock in Audioslave. Morello first began playing political acoustic folk music in a Los Angeles coffeehouse before a small crowd, and soon after went on Billy Bragg's Tell Us the Truth tour. He initially had no plans to record, but later recorded the song "No One Left" for "Songs and Artists that Inspired Fahrenheit 9/11" In 2007, Morello announced his solo album, "One Man Revolution", which was released on April 24 in the US and May 7 worldwide. Late 2008 Morello released his second studio album The Fabled City, which features guest appearances by Serj Tankian, Shooter Jennings and Perry Farrell.

</doc>
<doc id="20257877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257877" title="Harry Perkowski">
Harry Perkowski

Harry Walter Perkowski (born September 6, 1922) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played between 1947 and 1955 for the Cincinnati Reds & Redlegs (1947, 1949–54) and Chicago Cubs (1955). Listed at 6' 2.5", 196 lb., he batted and threw left-handed.
Career.
A native of Dante, Virginia, Perkowski started his baseball career playing semi-pro ball in the coal fields around his hometown. He later pitched briefly for the Natchez Giants of the Evangeline League before getting drafted and joining the U.S. Navy in 1943.
Perkowski joined the amphibious force during World War II, helping escort troops and tanks into hot spots on Landing Craft Tanks. He served 19 months in the Atlantic and 11 months in the Pacific, including four invasions during the war in Africa, Sicily, Italy, and Normandy. "I was all over the place just about", he later recalled.
Following his discharge from military service in 1946, Perkowski signed with the Cincinnati Reds and enjoyed an outstanding year in the Pioneer League for the Ogden Reds, posting a 23-6 record with 209 strikeouts and a 2.09 ERA in 247 innings pitched. He led the league with his 23 wins and his six shutouts tied the league lead.
In 1947, Perkowski gained a promotion to the Columbia, SC team of the South Atlantic League, where he finished 17-12 with 133 strikeouts and a 3.57 ERA in 247 innings before joining the big team in late September. He posted a 3.68 ERA in three games (one start) before the season ended, but Cincinnati felt he was not quite ready for the major leagues at this point.
Perkowski spent 1948 with the Tulsa Oilers of the Texas League, hurling his second 20-victory season in the minors. He finished 22-10 with 163 strikeouts and a 2.98 ERA in 263 innings, leading the league in wins and hurled a remarkable 21 complete games to led his team to a 91-63 record. In 1949, he went to the Syracuse Chiefs of the International League and posted a 14-12 record with 138 strikeouts and a 3.70 ERA in 209 innings.
After that, Perkowski joined the Reds again in 1950 and remained with the team for the next five years. His most productive season came in 1952, when he went 12-10 with career-highs in innings pitched (194), strikeouts (86) and ERA (3.80). He finished 12-11 with a 4.52 ERA in 1953. On July 19 of that year, he pitched a 12-inning, three-hit, 1–0 shutout against the New York Giants at Crosley Field. Battery teammate Hobie Landrith provided the difference with a walk-off home run in the bottom of the 12th.
At the end of 1954, Cincinnati traded Perkowski along with Jim Bolger and Ted Tappe to the Chicago Cubs in exchange for Johnny Klippstein and Jim Willis. He made 25 appearances for the Cubs in 1955, then returned to the minors in 1956 where he continued pitching until 1960, spending time with Los Angeles, Tulsa, Memphis, Fort Worth and Denver clubs.
In an eight-season majors career, Perkowski posted a 33-40 record with a 4.37 ERA in 184 appearances, including 76 starts, 24 complete games, four shutouts, five saves, and 698⅔ innings of work.
Arm troubles soon caught up with Perkowski, though. He possessed a hard fastball and a devastating curve, but his delivery was bothered by control problems for most of his career as shows his 0.91 strikeout-to-walk ratio (296-to-324). A good-hitting pitcher, eventually was used in pinch-hitting duties. In 197 games, he posted a .180 average (43-for-239) with 13 RBI and nine extrabases, including one home run. A fine fielder as well, he committed only two errors in 169 chances for a .988 fielding percentage.
At , Perkowski currently lives in Beckley, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20257881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257881" title="Canadian Forces Housing Agency">
Canadian Forces Housing Agency

The Canadian Forces Housing Agency is a Special Operating Agency, established in October 1995, to operate and maintain 15,000 military family housing units across Canada for military members and their families located on wings and bases. Funds are distributed amongst Housing Management Offices on a pro-rata basis by portfolio size and condition in relation to others nationally, and on average occupancy rates at each site. The organization is headed by a Chief Executive Officer.
The housing units are located in:

</doc>
<doc id="20257908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257908" title="Dražgoše">
Dražgoše

Dražgoše () is a village in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The village lies on the southern slopes of the Jelovica Plateau. The settlement is divided into three parts: Pri Cerkvi ("Draschgosche bei der Kirche"), Na Pečeh ("Draschgosche vor der Kirche"), and Jelenšče (in older sources "Jelenčice").
During the Second World War it was the site of the Battle of Dražgoše between Slovene partisans (NOVJ) and Nazi Germany armed forces, which took place between January 9 and January 11, 1942. After suffering heavy losses the Nazi forces set fire to the village, shot 41 hostages and deported the remaining residents. In 1976 the Dražgoše war memorial was built just outside the village to commemorate this battle and the destruction of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="20257954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257954" title="The Chef Jeff Project">
The Chef Jeff Project

The Chef Jeff Project is a Food Network reality television program that aired in the fall of 2008. Chef Jeff Henderson is a former drug dealer and prison inmate who has transformed his life to emerge as a successful chef and owner of a catering business, Posh Urban Cuisine.
Premise.
Chef Jeff invites six young adults with similar tumultuous backgrounds to work as his crew for Posh Urban Cuisine for the duration of one month. The format of the reality television program is such that all participants who complete the project are eligible for the Food Network Scholarship to culinary school. The aim of the competition test each individual to the limits and not eliminate the competition; Henderson makes is clear to the competitors that the only way they can lose is if they quit.

</doc>
<doc id="20257969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257969" title="Managed security service">
Managed security service

In computing, managed security services (MSS) are network security services that have been outsourced to a service provider. A company providing such a service is a managed security service provider (MSSP) Also Managed security services (MSS) is a systematic approach to managing an organization's security needs. The services may be conducted in house or outsourced to a service provider that oversees other companies' network and information system security. Functions of a managed security service include round-the-clock monitoring and management of intrusion detection systems and firewalls, overseeing patch management and upgrades, performing security assessments and security audits, and responding to emergencies. There are products available from a number of vendors to help organize and guide the procedures involved. This diverts the burden of performing the chores manually, which can be considerable, away from administrators.
Six Categories of Managed Security Services.
This is customized assistance in the assessment of business risks, key business requirements for security and the development of security policies and processes. It may include comprehensive security architecture assessments and design (include technology, business risks, technical risks and procedures). Consulting may also include security product integration and On-site incident response and forensics.
This service installs and upgrades the firewall, Virtual Private Network (VPN) and intrusion detection hardware and software, commonly performing configuration changes on behalf of the customer.
Clearly not a managed service by itself, product resale is a major revenue generator for many MSS providers. This category provides value-added hardware and software for a variety of security-related tasks.
This is the day-to-day monitoring and interpretation of important system events throughout the network, including unauthorized behavior, malicious hacks and denials of service (DoS), anomalies and trend analysis. It is the first step in an incident response process.
This includes one-time or periodic software scans or hacking attempts in order to find vulnerabilities in a technical and logical perimeter. It generally does not assess security throughout the network, nor does it accurately reflect personnel-related exposures due to disgruntled employees, social engineering, etc.
This includes monitoring event logs not for intrusions, but change management. This service will identify changes to a system that violate a formal security policy for example, if a rogue administrator grants himself or herself too much access to a system. In short, it measures compliance to a technical risk model.
The decision criteria for engaging the services of an MSSP are much the same as those for any other form of outsourcing: cost-effectiveness compared to in-house solutions, focus upon core competencies, need for round-the-clock service, and ease of remaining up-to-date. An important factor, specific to MSS, is that outsourcing network security hands over critical control of the company's infrastructure to an outside party, the MSSP, whilst not relieving the ultimate responsibility for errors. The client of an MSSP still has the ultimate responsibility for its own security, and as such must be prepared to manage and monitor the MSSP, and hold it accountable for the services for which it is contracted. The relationship between MSSP and client is not a turnkey one.
An MSSP may offer any of the following services:
Although the organization remains responsible for defending its network against information security and related business risks, working with an MSSP allows the organization to focus on its core activities while remaining protected against network vulnerabilities.
Business risks can result when information assets upon which the business depends are
not securely configured and managed (resulting in asset compromise due to violations of confidentiality, availability, and integrity). Compliance with specific government-defined security requirements can be achieved by using managed security services.
Managed Security Services for Mid-Sized and Smaller Businesses.
The business model behind managed security services was commonplace among enterprise level companies, provided by large IT security experts. The model was later adapted to fit medium sized and smaller companies (SMBs - organizations up to 500 employees, or with no more than 100 employee at any one site) by the value-added reseller (VAR) community, either specializing in managed security or offering it as an extension to their managed IT service solutions.‘’SMBs’’ are increasingly turning to managed security services for a number of reasons. Chief among these are the specialized, complex and highly dynamic nature of IT security and the growing number of regulatory requirements obliging businesses to secure the digital safety and integrity of personal information and financial data held or transferred via their computer networks.
Whereas larger organizations typically employ an IT specialist or department, organizations at a smaller scale such as distributed location businesses, medical or dental offices, attorneys, professional services providers or retailers do not typically employ full-time security specialists, although they frequently employ IT staff or external IT consultants. Of these organizations, many are constrained by budget limitations. To address the combined issues of lack of expertise, lack of time and limited financial resources, an emerging category of managed security service provider for the SMB has arisen.
Services providers in this category tend to offer comprehensive IT security services delivered on remotely managed appliances or devices that are simple to install and run for the most part in the background. Fees are normally highly affordable to reflect financial constraints, and are charged on a monthly basis at a flat rate to ensure predictability of costs. Service providers deliver daily, weekly, monthly or exception-based reporting depending on the client’s requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="20257970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20257970" title="Geoffrey Paillet">
Geoffrey Paillet

Geoffrey Paillet (born 22 December 1986 in Tours, France) is a professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Remparts de Tours.
Career.
Paillet made his senior debut in 2004 for the Amiens squad in France's FFHG Division 2 championship. After two years in lower championships for Amiens he graduated to Amiens' Ligue Magnus team for seasons 2005 and 2006. Paillet moved to the Lyon Hockey Club in 2007 where he was part of the vice-champion squad that lost to Nice in the final game of the playoff series.
In addition to his professional career Paillet is also the coach of Lyon's LHC Poussins team for players aged under 11 years.
Playing Style.
Paillet is short, light and fast at only 176 cm (5 ft 9½ in) and 71 kg (157 lb) and he plays left-handed.

</doc>
<doc id="20258013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258013" title="Yaakov Alperon">
Yaakov Alperon

Yaakov Alperon (; February 18, 1955 – November 17, 2008) was an Israeli mobster who was murdered in a car bomb attack. He was reputed to have run Tel Aviv's third-largest crime family, the Alperon crime family.
Biography.
Alperon was born in 1955 to a poor family of immigrants from Egypt and grew up in a small apartment in Givat Shmuel. He and his brothers learned boxing and began taking over small businesses in the area. The family gained power by protection racket in the Gush Dan area. Alperon was first arrested in his twenties. In 1993, he was jailed for 4.5 years after the police busted his extortion company. Two of his brothers, Nissim and Zalman, were also convicted.
Alperon's enemies included Zeev Rosenstein, a drug lord who had also been the target of murder attempts. Alperon also battled with the rival Abutbul and Abergil families over money from bottle recycling, an industry that brings in $5 million a year, based on police estimates. As part of a protection racket offered to restaurant owners, the businesses would pay for the mobsters' "services" by leaving empty bottles, which would leave no documentation and could be redeemed for cash to provide an apparently legitimate revenue source.
In March 2004, Israeli police arrested four suspected contract killers from Belarus who had been found with weapons, including explosives and shoulder-held missiles, at their hideout. The arrested hit men had been accused of involvement in a failed murder attempt against Yaakov Alperon in December 2003, and earlier attempts that same year against Alperon's brother Nissim and another attack against a member of a crime family linked with the Alperons.
At a January 2, 2006, summit held at a hotel north of Tel Aviv intended to address their differences, Alperon met with rival gangster Amir Mulner. Guns and knives were used after the arbitration efforts failed, and Mulner was stabbed in the neck, allegedly by Alperon. Yaakov Alperon and his son went into hiding and were not found despite a two-month nationwide search. The two turned themselves into police custody. In March 2006, Alperon and his brother Reuven were charged with "making threats, attempted assault, and intentionally damaging a car" for their involvement in the incident.
An article published in "Haaretz" shortly before his death indicated that Alperon had been involved in heating oil schemes with other gangsters. Alperon had also been involved in setting up internet cafés during a time when few had computer access at home, in which the fee paid for use of the computer would be paid in cash to the restaurant and would then be used to gamble on the computer. The internet business was shut down in spring 2002 after mounting costs started to exceed the gambling revenues.
Alperon had served prison terms on multiple occasions and had just been released from a 10-month prison sentence he had served as part of a plea deal. He had been arrested for stabbings, assault, blackmail and intimidation over the course of his career.
Murder.
53 year old Alperon was killed on November 17, 2008, by a bomb explosion in his white Volkswagen Jetta, at the crowded Tel Aviv intersection of Yehuda HaMaccabi Street and Namir Road. At least three other people were wounded in the attack, including a 13-year-old boy. Police were trying to determine the identity of a vehicle that had been spotted driving away from the site of the explosion. The body was identified as wearing the same shirt that Alperon had been wearing in court for the indictment of his son on unrelated charges.
His funeral on November 18, 2008, at Ra'anana Cemetery was attended by thousands, including several known Israeli underworld figures. At the grave site, one of Alperon's sons was quoted as saying that "We will find the man who did this. I'll send this man to God. He won't have a grave because I'll cut off his arms, his head, and his legs".
As of 2009, the prime suspect in Alperon's slaying is rival mobster Amir Mulner.
Alperon family.
Alperon's brother Nissim Alperon survived several assassination attempts, including one in 2000, 2002, 2006, 2012, 2013 and two in 2003 and 2007, some of which involved car bombs. As reported, a car explosion in Tel Aviv in January 2013, lightly wounding seven people, may have been a further assassination attempt against him, but he managed to escape unscathed.

</doc>
<doc id="20258111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258111" title="All Good Clean Fun">
All Good Clean Fun

All Good Clean Fun was originally a promotional sampler issued by United Artists Records (UDX 201/2) in 1971. This original release was a double album containing 23 tracks by 20 different artists, with three artists; Morning, The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band and Canned Heat, having 2 tracks each.
Most of the artists had been signed by Andrew Lauder at Liberty Records, who were rebranded as United Artists in 1971, the year this sampler was issued, both labels having been part of Transamerica Corporation since 1968.
To promote the album "The All Good Clean Fun Tour" was undertaken to Switzerland by Man, Help Yourself and Gypsy. This gave rise to the song "All Good Clean Fun" on Man’s "Do You Like It Here Now, Are You Settling In?" album.
"All Good Clean Fun – A Journey through the Underground of Liberty United Artists Records 1969–1975" was released by EMI (Liberty 8660902) in 2004. This is a triple CD with 39 tracks from 25 artists although many of the artists are inter-related (The Bonzo’s, Roger Ruskin Spear and Neil Innes: Hawkwind, Motörhead and Robert Calvert: Man, Deke Leonard, Clive John and The Neutrons). As with other EMI sampler re-issues, such as "A Breath of Fresh Air", the CD release borrows the original title, albeit adding a long subtitle, and uses a variation on the cover art, but incorporates fewer than half the tracks included on the original album. These tracks are augmented by other artists and additional tracks from some of the original artists, so this is a retrospective compilation, rather than a re-issue of the original promotional sampler.
Original 1971 Release.
Side 2
Side 3
Side 4
2004 CD Re-Release.
Disc 1
Disc 2
Disc 3

</doc>
<doc id="20258112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258112" title="Stay Gold (horse)">
Stay Gold (horse)

Stay Gold（, born Mar 24, 1994）is a retired Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse. He was sired by Sunday Silence out of the mare Golden Sash by Dictus.
Early years.
He made his debut at Hanshin Racecourse on December 1, 1996 but it was more than a year before he won for the first time. On September 7, 1997, he won a minor race race, the "Lake Akan-ko special()", but he was not able to win again for more than two years.
Silver Collector.
Between 1998 and 2000, Stay Gold ran prominently in many of Japan's top races. He reached the frame in the Diamond Stakes, Tenno Sho (Spring), Takarazuka Kinen, Arima Kinen and Tenno Sho (Autumn). In this period he collected 9 Places and 7 Shows, but victory proved elusive.
Although he didn't win any graded races, he collected a lot of prize money. He was counted by one of the then skilled players. His title was "Major Racing Wins: Lake Akan-ko special" all the time, but had many other nicknames. He was called "the successor to Nice Nature", "Staying in front of gold", and "Silver Collector".
The biggest victory.
On May 20, 2000, He was ridden by Yutaka Take and in the Meguro Kinen and obtained victory for the first time in 2 years 8 months. His fans celebrated this triumph and expected more success, but it proved to be his only win of the year.
In 2001, he began with a win in the Grade II Nikkei Shinshun Hai and was then aimed at the Dubai Sheema Classic(UAE-G2:then) at Nad Al Sheba Racecourse. Fantastic Light winner of the previous year's World Series Racing Championship was the clear favourite, with Stay Gold an unconsidered 33-1 shot. Fantastic Light took the lead a furlong out but Stay Gold produced a dramatic finishing burst to get up on the line and win by a nose. It was the first victory outside Japan for Sunday Silence's progeny.
In October, he took on two of Japan's best thoroughbreds T M Opera O and Narita Top Road in the Kyoto Daishoten and defeated them, only to be disqualified for interfering with Narita Top Road.
His last run was Hong Kong Vase at Sha Tin Racecourse, Hong Kong. Stay Gold produced another powerful finish to catch Ekraar in the dying strides and win by a head. After the race, Yutaka Take who rode him said, "Wings grew on his back". At the end of the season, the Japan Racing Association gave him JRA Special Award, for becoming the first overseas G1 race winner bred by Japanese farms.
On January 20, 2002, Stay Gold's retirement ceremony was performed at Kyoto Racecourse.
His Progeny.
When he was in Hong Kong, he wore a Zeichen written as "" in the Chinese language. In Japanese, this kanji means "golden journey". Most of his fans liked this word. Because of this, his progeny, are sometimes named after words about trips or travel. One of these is Dream Journey who won the Grade 1 Arima Kinen, Takarazuka Kinen and Asahi Hai Futurity Stakes.
Other of his representative progeny;

</doc>
<doc id="20258149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258149" title="Nicholas Gotten House">
Nicholas Gotten House

The Nicholas Gotten House is located on 2969 Court Street in Bartlett, Tennessee, United States. It houses the Bartlett Museum, a local history museum operated by the Bartlett Historical Society. 
The white frame structure was built by Nicholas Gotten in 1871 in the New England saltbox style. A saltbox is a wooden frame house with a long, pitched roof that slopes down to the back. 
__TOC__
History.
Nicholas Gotten immigrated from Germany at the age of 22 in 1854. He was a blacksmith and served in the Confederate Army during the Civil War. In the years following the war, Gotton made a living as a miller and ginner. He and his wife Julia Coleman raised three children in the house.
Until the late 1970s, the Gotten House was owned by the City of Bartlett and used as the Bartlett Police Station. In the early 1980s, the house was leased by the City of Bartlett to the Bartlett Historic Society in a 50-year contract for $1 per year, to save the house from planned demolition and to refurbish the property. The structure became the seat of the Bartlett Historic Society, and since 1990 it has housed the Bartlett Museum. Exhibits on display at the museum are of relevance to local history: the collection includes photographs, written documents on the history of Bartlett, artifacts, and period furniture. The museum is open to the public every first and third Sunday of the month from 2-4 pm. Admission to the museum is free.
On March 20, 2002, the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. After a $100,000 renovation in 2007, which included authentic new windows, doors and fixtures, the Gotten house was declared a Bartlett Historic Landmark by the Bartlett Historic Preservation Commission in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20258156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258156" title="Menzerath's law">
Menzerath's law

Menzerath's law, or Menzerath–Altmann law (named after Paul Menzerath and Gabriel Altmann), is a linguistic law according to which the increase of a linguistic construct results in a decrease of its constituents, and vice versa
. 
E.g., the longer a sentence (measured in terms of the number of clauses) the shorter the clauses (measured in terms of the number of words), or: the longer a word (in syllables or morphs) the shorter the syllables or words in sounds.
According to Altmann (1980), it can be mathematically stated as:
formula_1
where:
Beyond quantitative linguistics, Menzerath's law can be discussed in any
multi-level complex systems. Given three levels, formula_3 is the
number of middle-level units contained in a high-level unit, formula_2
is the averaged number of low-level units contained in middle-level units,
Menzerath's law claims a negative 
correlation between formula_2 and formula_3.
Menzerath's law is shown to be true for both the
base-exon-gene levels in the human genome
and base-chromosome-genome levels in genomes from a collection of species

</doc>
<doc id="20258180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258180" title="Stay Gold">
Stay Gold

Stay Gold or Staygold may refer to:
In music:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="20258182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258182" title="Bruno Dreossi">
Bruno Dreossi

Bruno Dreossi (born July 11, 1964) is an Italian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the K-2 500 m event at Barcelona in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20258193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258193" title="Tubbs Cordage Company Office Building">
Tubbs Cordage Company Office Building

The Tubbs Cordage Company Office Building is a small frame structure located in San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park. The 1890 structure was originally located at the Tubbs Cordage factory, at 611-613 Front Street, San Francisco. It was moved to Hyde Street Pier for display and preservation in 1963, and moved again in 1990.
The Tubbs Cordage Company Office is of local historical significance in the category of industry due to its association with the Tubbs Cordage Company and its rope factory in San Francisco where the first commercial manufacture of rope on the Pacific Coast was accomplished.
The office is a small, single-story, single-room office building (with the addition, after the historic period, of a small closet, with a sink and toilet, as well as an office cubicle). The exterior is painted a dark brownish-red, common on industrial buildings in the last century, and sometimes referred to as "mineral" red or "iron" red, with white trim. This was the color scheme of the office at the time of its move to Hyde Street Pier. The structure stands by itself at the pier, just as it did on the original site. Rectangular in shape, the building dimensions are21 by 26 feet. There is no basement, and the structure rests upon redwood sills. One story high, the building is framed with redwood siding.

</doc>
<doc id="20258194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258194" title="The Tempering">
The Tempering

The Tempering is a young adult novel by the American writer Gloria Skurzynski set in 1911 in the fictional mill town of Canaan (a parallel to the author's hometown of Duquesne, Pennsylvania, just south of Pittsburgh on the Monongahela River).
It tells the story of Karl Kerner and his friends Jame and Andy as they come of age among the sounds and the smoke of a booming steel town peopled by a wide variety of immigrants.
In 1983 the novel won Golden Kite Award of the Society of Children's Book Writers and Illustrators and was chosen one of the Best Books for Young Adults by the American Library Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20258216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258216" title="Trucial Oman Scouts">
Trucial Oman Scouts

The Trucial Oman Scouts was a paramilitary force raised by the British in 1951 as the Trucial Oman Levies, to serve in the Trucial States. In 1956 the Levies were renamed the Trucial Oman Scouts. In 1971, the Scouts were renamed Union Defence Force (U.D.F.) upon the formation of United Arab Emirates (U.A.E.)
Trucial Oman Levies.
The Trucial Oman Scouts were established at Sharjah originally as the Trucial Oman Levies (TOL) in 1951. They were originally to be used as an internal security and rural gendarmerie, suppressing banditry and the slave trade, but became a military force after the arrival of a Saudi Arabian force in the Buraimi Oasis in September 1952. The TOL were commanded by a British Army Major, with the assistance of two Jordanian officers seconded from the Arab Legion. Its initial personnel consisted of 32 other ranks, also seconded from the Arab Legion. It was later expanded to 30 British officers in command positions with a handful of Arab officers. Its soldiers were locally recruited mostly from Abu Dhabi. There were also Yemeni soldiers assigned to the Trucial Oman Scouts from the Aden Protectorate Levies (APL), a British colonial militia based in south Yemen. It finally reached Battalion strength.
In November 1952, some TOL soldiers were believed to be selling ammunition to the Saudis in Buraimi. Major Otto Thwaites, the commander of the TOL, went to Buraimi to investigate, where three Yemeni soldiers of the TOL shot him dead. A Jordanian Regimental Sergeant Major, Daud Sidqi, and a British Royal Air Force medical doctor, Flying Officer A.L.C Duncan, were also killed in the attack. Two British NCOs, SGT Chinn and CPL Cruickstank, were wounded in the attack, but were able to drive away and get help. The three Yemeni soldiers who killed the British officers fled to Saudi Arabia, but were eventually returned to Sharjah to stand trial after the intervention of His Highness Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan of Abu Dhabi. The shootings revealed a key weakness in not screening the Yemeni soldiers from the APL before they joined the Trucial Oman Levies.
By 1955 the Trucial Oman Levies had 500 paramilitary personnel who were organized into three Rifle Squadrons. In 1956, the Trucial Oman Levies had 500 paramilitary personnel organized into four Rifle Squadrons including one Squadron based at the Al Buraimi Oasis.
The Trucial Oman Levies (TOL) fought a brief battle at the Al Buraimi Oasis on 26 October 1955. Two Field Squadrons deployed, along with troops from the Sultan of Muscat and Oman personal guard, to forcibly evict a 40-man Saudi Arabian armed police garrison in an old fort and the village of Hamasa. The Saudi garrison had been based there since August 1952 when they forcibly occupied the Buraimi Oasis following an armed clash in which three people were killed with nine people killed in October 1955, including seven Saudi policemen/military personnel and two TOL soldiers. A particularly long and acrimonious disagreement involved claims over the Al Buraimi Oasis, disputed since the nineteenth century among tribes from Saudi Arabia, Abu Dhabi, and Oman. Although the tribes residing in the several settlements of the oasis were from Oman and Abu Dhabi, followers of the Wahhabi religious movement that originated in what is now Saudi Arabia had periodically occupied and exacted tribute from the area. Oil prospecting began on behalf of Saudi oil interests, and, in 1952, the Saudi Arabians sent a small constabulary force to assert control of the oasis. When arbitration efforts broke down in 1955, the British dispatched the Trucial Oman Scouts to expel the Saudi Arabian contingent. After a new round of negotiations, a settlement was reached whereby Saudi Arabia recognized claims of Abu Dhabi and Oman to the oasis. In return, Abu Dhabi agreed to grant Saudi Arabia a land corridor to the gulf and a share of a disputed oil field. Other disagreements over boundaries and water rights remained, however. The two TOL soldiers who were killed in action were Jundi (private) Obaid Mubarak al Katabi and Jundi Sayid al Hadhrami.
Three TOL soldiers were decorated for gallantry during this battle. Captain A. R. Steggles was awarded the Military Cross, for saving a wounded TOL soldier under heavy fire. Sergeant Mohammed Nakhaira was awarded the Military Medal for his "courage, cool nerve and leadership." Lance Corporal Said Salem was awarded the Military Medal for driving a vehicle under heavy fire to deliver ammunition and retrieve wounded. Lance Corporal Salem was wounded in the fighting, and showed "the highest standard of personal courage and devotion to duty."
The Trucial Oman Levies were renamed the Trucial Oman Scouts in 1956. By 1957 the Scouts included 160 British officers & soldiers and by 1960 had 1,000 paramilitary personnel.
The Trucial Oman Scouts fought at the Jebel Akhdar War in the Sultanate of Oman in 1956. Sergeant Major Khamis Hareb was awarded the Military Medal for his "fine leadership and courage" on August 21, 1956. Sir George Middleton, the British Political Resident in the Trucial Coast, pinned the medal on Sergeant Major Hareb.
During the 1962-1976 Dhofar Rebellion it was believed that many members of the Dhofar Liberation Front were former soldiers of the Sultan of Oman's Armed Forces (SAF), or of the Trucial Oman Scouts.
In 1964 the scouts had 1,324 men which including 38 British officers and 85 British other ranks. It was organized into five Rifle Squadrons, each with three British and three Arab officers and 145 Arab other ranks, and one Group equipped with machine guns and 3-inch mortars. There were also a Signals Squadron, a Motor Transport Squadron, a Medical Centre, a Workshop, a Cadet Squadron, a Cadet School, and a Training Depot.
In 1967 a Captain Jon Cousens in the Trucial Oman Scouts (previously a Commando Gunner in 29 Cdo Regt RA) flew a Percival Prentice (G-AOPL) from Shackleton Aviation at Sywell in the UK to Sharjah. Later it was flown on to South Africa where it remained until it ceased flying.
In 1969 British General Roland Gibbs became Commander of British Land Forces in the Persian Gulf, where he re-organised the Trucial Oman Scouts and laid the foundations for what is now the Sultan of Oman's Land Forces. The Scouts then expanded from 1,600 to 1,700 personnel in 1970 and to 2,500 in 1971.
Headquartered in Sharjah, the Scouts maintained small garrisons in most of the coastal towns and other key posts. The Scouts had a base in Dubai from 1952 and maintained a permanent garrison - one Field Squadron - at Buraimi Oasis. The Trucial Oman Scouts were a highly respected impartial paramilitary armed regular internal security and rural police force and were regarded as a well trained, well paid, and efficient military unit. It cost the United Kingdom two million pounds a year to maintain the Scouts in 1971.
Union Defence Force.
In 1971 the Scouts were renamed Union Defence Force (U.D.F.) upon the formation of United Arab Emirates. At the time, the Force consisted of 2,500 regular military personnel. In 1975 the UDF had 3,250 regular military personnel organised into 6 Mobile Squadrons and an Air Detachment with seven helicopters. The Force was equipped with Scorpion light tanks, Ferret armoured cars, Land Rovers, eight 81mm Mortars, and two Dhows.
In May 1976 the Union Defence Force unified and incorporated the military forces of the various U.A.E states, which then lost their individual identities.
The UDF was organized as highly mobile light armored cavalry and included 40% locally recruited Arab personnel including 50 Jordanian NCOs and Omanis, who formed the bulk of the troops. It included Iranians, Indians, and Pakistanis. It remained under the command and control of 30 British officers until the mid-1980s. Its headquarters had been at Sharjah since 1951.
The Union Defense Force was used on two occasions in Sharjah Emirate.
Sharjah Coup attempt.
In January 1972 during an attempted coup d'etat in which 18 armed supporters of the former ruler of Sharjah, who included the former ruler, Sheikh Saqr bin Sultan (who ruled from 1951 until deposed by British in 1965), attacked and seized the palace. Sheikh Khalid bin Mohammed Al Qasimi, ruler since 1965, was killed along with one of his bodyguards in the process. The palace was then surrounded by Sharjah soldiers and troops of the Union Defense Force. Several UDF troops were wounded, including a British Captain, before the rebels surrendered next morning. Sheikh Saqr was then exiled.
Sharjah-Fujairah border war.
In February 1972 there was a brief border war between Bedu tribesmen from Sharjah and Fujairah over a disputed area that only covered a quarter of an acre but included water wells and date palm trees. Twenty-two people were killed and another 12 were wounded before UDF troops were able to impose a ceasefire.

</doc>
<doc id="20258223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258223" title="Diocese of Fort Worth">
Diocese of Fort Worth

Diocese of Fort Worth can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20258230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258230" title="Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth (ACNA)">
Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth (ACNA)

The Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth is a diocese of the Anglican Church in North America since its foundation in 2009. The headquarters are located in Fort Worth, Texas, and the diocese comprises 62 congregations.
The diocese is divided in 6 deaneries, each one headed by a dean, which are:
The current bishop is Jack Iker, SSC.
The controversial separation between it and the identically-named Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth in the Episcopal Church arose out of events in 2008, when the 26th annual convention of the Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth voted to remove the diocese from the Episcopal Church and join the Anglican Church of the Southern Cone.
At the time of the vote in 2008 to separate from the Episcopal Church, the diocese had geographically fixed boundaries covering 24 counties in Texas and claimed 19,000 members. Afterward, in accordance with the non-geographical concept of dioceses in the Anglican Church of North America, it began to accept congregations outside its previous territory. In November 2012, the diocese reported 62 congregations, of which 60 are in Texas, one in Louisiana and one in Arkansas. The cathedral of the diocese is St. Vincent's Cathedral in Bedford.
History.
Position in the Episcopal Church.
The Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth came into being in 1983 and, within the Episcopal Church, was long seen as a leader of Anglo-Catholics and other theological conservatives within American Anglicanism. The diocesan bishop, Jack Iker, SSC, was the last diocesan bishop in the Episcopal Church who held that a bishop could not ordain women to the priesthood.
In 2006, most of the fifty-one parishes in the diocese affiliated with the Anglican Communion Network, an association of dioceses, parishes, and clergy working to counteract what its members consider a liberal shift in doctrine and practice that abandons or ignores traditional teaching and discipline.
Realignment.
In November 2008, delegates at a diocesan convention voted to leave the Episcopal Church and join the Anglican Church of the Southern Cone. 
The Episcopal Church maintained that the Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth was still a part of the Episcopal Church and that only the individuals in favor of these motions have left the Episcopal Church. The decision of convention was challenged by a minority of members from few parishes (the vote to leave TEC was 72 to 19 clergy and 102 to 25 laity), who have since reorganized and remain within the Episcopal Church with the Rt. Rev. Ted Gulick as provisional bishop. Following the vote of diocesan convention to leave the Episcopal Church, the Presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church, Katharine Jefferts Schori, declared that Bishop Iker was inhibited from exercising his office as a bishop in the Episcopal Church, on the grounds that he had violated Title IV, Canon 9, by abandoning the Doctrine, Discipline or Worship of the Church. In response, Iker rejected the authority of the Presiding Bishop. Thus, the Presiding Bishop, on December 5, with the advice and consent of her Council of Advice (bishops who are the presidents or vice-presidents of each province), deemed that Iker had renounced ordained ministry and declared him removed from it.
The Standing Committee of the Diocese, which in the absence of the bishop would be the highest ecclesiastical authority of the diocese, regarded the subsequent inhibition of Iker as an "illegal, unconstitutional, and uncanonical attempt to interfere with the rights and ministry of a diocese of another province of the Anglican Communion", thus affirming their decision to realign with the Southern Cone.
Anglican Church in North America membership.
In 2009, the diocese was a founding jurisdiction of the Anglican Church in North America (ACNA), whose first convention was held at St. Vincent's Cathedral. Joining ACNA therefore created a dual affiliation for the diocese, who remains affiliated to the Anglican Church of the Southern Cone of America.
Property dispute.
The Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth currently occupies property whose ownership is disputed since the diocese's split from the Episcopal Church.
The trial court initially ruled in favor of the Episcopal Church as to ownership. However, the Texas Supreme Court ruled on August 30, 2013 to remand the case to the trial court. Specifically, the Court ordered the trial court to apply a "neutral principles of law" approach as to ownership of the property.

</doc>
<doc id="20258298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258298" title="Henry Moberly">
Henry Moberly

Henry Edward Moberly (born 11 December 1822 at Madras; died 22 September 1907 at Winchester, Hampshire) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1842 to 1845.
He played for Oxford University, making 10 known appearances in first-class matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20258301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258301" title="Belleisle Bay Ferry">
Belleisle Bay Ferry

The Belleisle Bay Ferry is a cable ferry in the Canadian province of New Brunswick. The ferry crosses Belleisle Bay, a fjord-like branch of the Saint John River, linking Kars on the south bank to Long Point on the north bank.
The crossing is in length, takes 7 minutes, and is free of tolls. The ferry carries up to 12 cars at a time, and operates 24 hours a day all year. It is operated by the New Brunswick Department of Transportation.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="20258345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258345" title="High Commissioner of Pakistan to Sri Lanka">
High Commissioner of Pakistan to Sri Lanka

The current Pakistani Ambassador to Sri Lanka is Shahzad Chaudhary, a former Vice Air Marshall.
He succeeded Bashir Wali Mohammed, a retired army colonel.

</doc>
<doc id="20258362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258362" title="Amok (novella)">
Amok (novella)

Amok is a novella by the Austrian author Stefan Zweig. First printed in the newspaper Neue Freie Presse in 1922, Amok appeared shortly afterwards in the collection of novellas Amok: Novellas of a Passion. Zweig was fascinated and influenced by Sigmund Freud’s work. Like other works by Zweig, Amok therefore has clear psychoanalytical elements. It deals with an extreme obsession, which leads the protagonist to sacrifice his professional and private life and, eventually, to commit suicide.
The title of the novella comes from the term amok, which was uncommon in those days. Originally, amok (is) derived from the Indonesian culture and signifies an intoxication. The affected person attacks the enemy in supposedly blind anger and tries to kill the enemy as well as anyone else in their way, randomly, without taking into consideration any danger.
Plot.
The nameless first-person narrator travels from Australia to Europe on the ocean liner Oceania in 1912. One night, during a walk on deck, he meets a man who is obviously disturbed, scared and who, therefore, avoids any social contact on the ship. The following night the narrator meets this man again. Although intimidated at first, the man soon begins to trust the narrator and tells him his story.
The physician from Leipzig went away to Indonesia seven years ago to practise medicine in a small and remote village. After some time, the solitude depresses him more and more and he feels “like a spider in its web, motionless for months already”. One day, a white woman, “the first white woman in years”, appears unexpectedly and fascinates him henceforth with her haughty and distant nature – something he never experienced with the reverent and submissive indigenous women. In the course of their conversation it becomes clear that the woman, an Englishwoman and wife of a Dutch merchant, has come to see him for a discreet abortion for which she is willing to pay a large amount of money. But the doctor, struck by a sudden passion, does not want the money. Instead he demands to own her, whereupon she leaves the house obviously offended. The obsession seizes the doctor more and more: Like a homicidal maniac, he follows the woman to her house, scaring her and making her even more distant. As she does not want her pregnancy to become public, she eventually confides in an indigenous healer. The procedure is a failure and the woman dies in agony. 
In her death throes, she makes the doctor promise to do everything possible to ensure that neither her husband nor anyone else would learn the truth about her cause of death. From then on, the doctor is obsessed with fulfilling the woman’s last wish. He issues a falsified death certificate and when the dead woman’s husband has her transferred to Europe with the cruiser Oceania, the doctor, too, leaves Indonesia on the same liner – sacrificing his career and pension. He wants to prevent further investigations on her cause of death at all costs. On board, he hides from all the other passengers and only leaves his cabin at night in order to avoid meeting the widower.
When the first person narrator offers to help the doctor, the latter categorically turns down the offer, disappears and is never heard of again. Only at the arrival in Naples, the narrator learns about a mysterious accident that happened while the cargo was being discharged: When the lead coffin with the woman’s remains was being unloaded, the doctor threw himself onto the coffin that was fastened to ropes, thereby dragging both the coffin and him down to the bottom of the sea. Neither could the person running amok be saved nor could the coffin be recovered.
Adaptations.
The novel has been adapted for film:

</doc>
<doc id="20258382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258382" title="Mae Mercer">
Mae Mercer

Mae Mercer (June 12, 1932 – October 29, 2008) was an American blues singer and actress who appeared in many films, including "Dirty Harry" (1971), "The Beguiled" (1971), "Frogs" (1972), "Cindy" (1978), and "Pretty Baby" (1978). She was also executive producer of the documentary film "Angela Davis: Portrait of a Revolutionary" (1972).
Mercer spent eight years in the 1960s singing in a blues bar in Paris, the Blues Club, owned by publisher Maurice Girodias and touring Europe. She returned to the United States in the early 1970s to begin a career as an actress in films and television.

</doc>
<doc id="20258403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258403" title="Derek Brewer">
Derek Brewer

Derek Stanley Brewer (13 July 1923 – 23 October 2008) was a medieval scholar, author and publisher.
Life.
Born in Cardiff, Wales, the son of a clerk with General Electric, Brewer read English at Magdalen College, Oxford, where he was taught, among others, by C.S. Lewis. He served as infantry officer with the Worcestershire Regiment and with the Royal Fusiliers during World War II, from 1942 to 1945, then returned to Oxford. He was appointed lecturer at the University of Birmingham, where he remained until 1964, when he moved to Cambridge to take up the position of lecturer in English and then become fellow of Emmanuel College. From 1977 to 1990 he served his college as Master.
Brewer was one of the most recognized Chaucer scholars of modern times—his "Chaucer and His World" (1978, reissued 2000) "could be said to have started a whole new genre in historical literary biography." He was also the founder in 1972 of an academic press named for him, D.S. Brewer, now Boydell & Brewer, which made a mark publishing scholarly work neglected by the larger presses.
He died in Cambridge, England, a month after the death of his wife Elisabeth. Obituaries in all the main British newspapers and blogs in the US speak highly of his love of literature and the profession, his advocacy of struggling academics of the medieval period to get their work published, his encouragement of female students (a rarity in the medieval field during much of his lifetime), and his courtesy and friendliness.

</doc>
<doc id="20258429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258429" title="Zinc cadmium sulfide">
Zinc cadmium sulfide

Zinc cadmium sulfide is a mixture of zinc sulfide (ZnS) and cadmium sulfide (CdS). It is used for its fluorescent properties.
Use.
Operation LAC (Large Area Coverage), was a Chemical Corps operation in 1957 and 1958 which dispersed microscopic zinc cadmium sulfide (ZnCdS) particles over much of the United States. The purpose was to determine the dispersion and geographic range of biological or chemical agents. Zinc cadmium sulfide was used as it could be easily detected. It was not thought at the time to pose any particular health risk.
Health effects.
Anecdotal evidence exists of ZnCdS having adverse health effects as a result of LAC. However, a 1997 U.S. government study, done by the U.S. National Research Council stated, in part, "After an exhaustive, independent review requested by Congress, we have found no evidence that exposure to zinc cadmium sulfide at these levels could cause people to become sick." It said that the material was dispersed at very low levels, and people were exposed to higher levels in typical urban environments. Such testing of ZnCdS remains controversial, and one critic accused the Army of "literally using the country as an experimental laboratory".

</doc>
<doc id="20258446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258446" title="Charlie Don't Surf">
Charlie Don't Surf

Charlie Don't Surf is a famous line from the film "Apocalypse Now", spoken by LTCOL Kilgore as justification for taking a beach at the Mekong Delta so the American soldiers could go surfing. "Charlie" is slang for Viet Cong, the enemy. It can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20258451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258451" title="Pablo Carrillo">
Pablo Carrillo

Pablo E. Carrillo (born 1969) is a one-time admiralty lawyer from New Orleans, LA, who is U.S. Senator John McCain’s chief investigative counsel. In that capacity, Carrillo led McCain’s investigations of the Jack Abramoff tribal lobbying scandal and the Boeing tanker scandal, which McCain referred to extensively throughout his campaign.[http://tpmmuckraker.talkingpointsmemo.com/2006/07/gimme_five_take_two.php]
Role in Jack Abramoff Tribal lobbying scandal.
Carrillo served, as The Washington Monthly described in May 2006, as “McCain's wingman on Indian Affairs”, as his Chief Investigative Counsel on the Senate Indian Affairs Committee. There, Carrillo led a high-profile investigation into allegations that flamboyant GOP lobbyist Jack Abramoff and his partner Michael Scanlon, a former aide of House Leader Tom Delay, bilked several Indian tribes out of tens of millions of dollars. Holding what Vanity Fair described as “five gory, highly publicized in 2004 and 2005”[http://www.vanityfair.com/politics/features/2006/04/abramoff200604?printable=true&currentPage=all on that issue, Carrillo’s investigation first exposed Abramoff and Scanlon’s scheme to defraud these tribes and led to, according to The Washington Post, “one of the widest ranging federal corruption investigations in decades,” which “may help McCain, a likely contender for the Republican presidential nomination in 2008, reinforce his image as a Washington reformer and a proponent of campaign finance reform.” 
That investigation was also described by Roll Call as “seta standard for what Congressional oversight should be, but often isn’t” and the New York Post as giving rise to possibly “the worst Washington corruption scandal since the Abscam sting nailed six congressmen and a senator 25 years ago.” It helped expose wrongdoing that recently led to, among other things, guilty pleas from Abramoff, Michael Scanlon, a US congressman, and two senior congressional staffers on fraud and public corruption charges; a guilty plea from the head of a bogus non-profit organization for lying to Congress and tax fraud; the conviction of the Bush White House’s chief of procurement policy and a former deputy Interior secretary for, among other things, lying to Congress; the development of lobbying reform legislative initiatives; and the publication of a major Senate report, called “‘Gimme Five’—Investigation of Tribal Lobbying Matters”.[http://www.gpoaccess.gov/serialset/creports/gimme5.html
Role in the Boeing tanker scandal.
Carrillo led McCain's investigation of the Air Force's decision to replace its tanker fleet by leasing airplanes from Boeing. The investigation resulted in a major corruption scandal, which led to successful prosecutions of Boeing's CFO Michael M. Sears and senior air force official Darleen Druyun; and Boeing being forced to deduct about a half-billion dollars in payments required under a global settlement agreement with the Justice Department.
The investigation received widespread praise: The Seattle Times described that investigation as “havoutmaneuvered Air Force brass and Boeing's 35 person Washington lobbying operation in a classic Washington power play and a media blitz worthy of Madison Avenue”; a major watchdog group as “congressional oversight at its best, something we rarely see anymore”; and The New Yorker as “burnish[ing [McCain’s] reputation as a giant killer.” Carrillo’s role in that investigation was profiled by the National Journal’s CongressDaily and the investigation, in among others places, “60 Minutes Wednesday.”
Other.
Carrillo is a graduate of Tulane University and Tulane Law School, where he served as Managing Editor for the Tulane Law Review.
References.
1 LinkedIn Professional Networking Website—Pablo E. Carrillo, available at http://www.linkedin.com/pub/8/262/1a2; Amy Svitak (November 17, 2003). "People—Oscar! Use a Coaster!", CongressDailyAM
2 Peter H. Stone (2006). "Heist—Superlobbyist Jack Abramoff, His Republican Allies, and the Buying of Washington"; Matthew Continetti (2005). "The K Street Gang—The Rise and Fall of the Republican Machine"; T.A. Frank and Zachary Roth (May 2006). "White Hats vs. Black Hats--Who's who in Washington's scandal investigations", Washington Monthly; Paul Kiel (July 24, 2006). "Gimme Five--Take Two?", TPM Muckraker, available at http://tpmmuckraker.talkingpointsmemo.com/2006/07/gimme_five_take_two.php
3 Institute for U.S. Law (2003). "U.S. Legal Method—Introduction to U.S. Law: Faculty and Guest Lecturers", available at http://www.iuslaw.org/lecturers.php
4 T.A. Frank and Zachary Roth (May 2006). "White Hats vs. Black Hats--Who's who in Washington's scandal investigations", Washington Monthly; The Exchange--The Murphy Institute of Political Economy, Tulane University (Fall 2005). "Class of 1992", available at http://murphy.tulane.edu/pdfs/exchange-fall-2005.pdf
5 Paul Kiel (July 24, 2006). "Gimme Five--Take Two?", TPM Muckraker, available at http://tpmmuckraker.talkingpointsmemo.com/2006/07/gimme_five_take_two.php
6 David Margolick (April 2006). "Corruption--Washington's Invisible Man", Vanity Fair, available at http://www.vanityfair.com/politics/features/2006/04/abramoff200604?printable=true&currentPage=all
7 Senate Committee on Indian Affairs (June 2006). "'Gimme Five'—Investigation of Tribal Lobbying Matters," 109th Cong., SEN. REPT. NO. 109 325, available at http://www.gpoaccess.gov/serialset/creports/gimme5.html
8 House Committee on Government Reform (March 2002). "Justice Undone—Clemency Decisions in the Clinton White House,", 107th Cong., H.R. REPT. NO. 107 454 (contributor)
9 House Committee on Government Reform (October 2000). "Failure of White House to Produce Subpoenaed Email—Threats, Obstruction and Unanswered Questions,", 106th Cong., H.R. Rept. No. 106 1023 (contributor)
10 Pablo E. Carrillo (November 1996). "Manuel v. Louisiana Sheriff's Risk Management Fund: The Louisiana Supreme Court Clarifies the Non Retroactivity Principle in Third Party Bad Faith Actions," 71 TULANE LAW REVIEW 325
11 Pablo E. Carrillo (June 1998). "Beware of Scylla and Charybdis: Stock Purchases of Privately Held Companies and the Remedies Problem Under Rule 10b 5—What is the Buyer to Do?" 72 TULANE LAW REVIEW 2113
12 Pablo E. Carrillo (Spring 1997). "Selected Topics in Negotiated Acquisitions: Pre-Closing Knowledge of Material Misrepresentations and Rule 10b 5—A Response to the ABA Committee's Analysis of the 'Leading' Cases," Louisiana State Bar Association/Business & Corporate Law Section Newsletter

</doc>
<doc id="20258465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258465" title="Right-handed (disambiguation)">
Right-handed (disambiguation)

Right-handed commonly refers to:
Right-handed also may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20258549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258549" title="Herbert Marshall (cricketer)">
Herbert Marshall (cricketer)

Herbert Menzies Marshall (born 1 August 1841 at Leeds; died 2 March 1913 at South Kensington, London) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1861 to 1864.
Cricket career.
Herbert Marshall was educated at Westminster School and Trinity College, Cambridge. A right-handed batsman who played mostly for Cambridge University, he made 15 appearances in first-class matches. He played for the Gentlemen in the Gentlemen v Players series in 1861 and 1862. 
His highest score was 76 not out, out of a team total of 151, for Cambridge University in the annual match against Oxford University in 1861. According to his "Wisden" obituary, he "was generally considered the best long stop of his day", his fielding to the "tremendously fast bowling" of his Cambridge team-mate Robert Lang being exceptional.
Art career.
An artist, Marshall was Professor of Landscape Painting at Queen's College, London from 1904 until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20258556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258556" title="Johann Friedrich Klöffler">
Johann Friedrich Klöffler

Johann Friedrich Klöffler (20 April 1725 – 21 February 1790) was a German conductor, composer, and administrator. He was one of the earliest to write music for two orchestras.
From 1750 to 1789 he worked at Steinfurt, occasionally touring throughout Europe and Russia. For the Steinfurt castle concert hall, he wrote lots of symphonies, some of which include horns with crook changes. The vast majority of Klöffler's chamber music is for flute.

</doc>
<doc id="20258594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258594" title="Death of an Outsider">
Death of an Outsider

Death of an Outsider is the third mystery novel in the Hamish Macbeth series by Marion Chesney under her pseudonym M. C. Beaton. It was first published in 1988.
Plot introduction.
While Hamish Macbeth is on duty temporarily in Cnothan, William Mainwaring, the most disliked man in town, is murdered. No one wants to solve the crime, including Macbeth's superiors who want to keep the strange manner of Mainwaring's death hushed up.

</doc>
<doc id="20258636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258636" title="Venture Bank Direct">
Venture Bank Direct

Venture Bank Direct is the newest offering in the family of business and personal banking services provided by Venture Bank.
Venture Bank began in 1979 as Lacey Bank in Lacey, WA. The name was quickly changed in 1981 to First Community Bank to better reach their target audience. A second branch was opened in 1983 along with a holding company, First Community Financial Group. Mortgage services and other investment services were later added.
Venture Bank currently has 18 locations in Western Washington State, with assets near $1.2 billion. Venture Bank Direct is the online banking arm, featuring the Wise-Choice high interest online savings account.
On Friday, September 11, 2009, Venture Bank, Lacey, WA was closed by the Washington Department of Financial Institutions, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) was named Receiver.

</doc>
<doc id="20258657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258657" title="Larnaca Municipal Band">
Larnaca Municipal Band

Larnaca Municipal Wind Orchestra is both a marching band and a wind band in Larnaca, Cyprus, that offers an extensive repertoire of music, ranging from marches to Latin, from jazz to rock 'n' roll, and from Greek favourites to movie soundtracks. Apart from playing for parades on national holidays, the band also makes regular appearances in various concerts and music festivals throughout Cyprus and abroad, representing both Larnaca and Cyprus internationally.
History.
The first efforts to establish a Wind Orchestra in the Municipality of Larnaca date back to the beginning of the previous century. The first maestro was renowned Leopold Glazner, who was followed by Isaias Kalmanovitz. 
The current Municipal Wind Orchestra was founded in 1987, and has been since then under the direction of the present maestro, Mr. Andreas Andreou. In 1988 the new Municipal Band made its first appearance in Larnaca at the parade of 28th October, a national holiday in Greece and Cyprus. 
Since, its agenda has been full of important appearances and achievements in Cyprus as well as in Greece, in various occasions to Bulgaria, in Thessaloniki, in Rhodes, Corinth, Athens, Ilioupoli City, Czech Republic, Saint Petersburg, Romania, Hungary. In 1991 Larnaca Municipal Wind Orchestra made its appearance in Bulgaria, in 1993 in Greece, in 1994 in Rhodes and also in 1994 in Cyprus at a Band Festival of numerous bands from abroad which was organised by the Municipality of Larnaca.
The climax of the Wind Orchestra's accomplishments was its grand appearance at Saint Petersburg, Russia, in 2000. Other highlights include performances at the 2001 European Festival that took place in Thessaloniki, Greece, at the 2004 European Festival in Cheb, of the Czech Republic, and at the 2007 Celebrations of Europe Day in Buchurest, Romania, where the Band represented Cyprus alongside the other 24 member-states of the European Union. 
Today, Larnaca Municipal Wind Orchestra is composed of people of all ages and professions, with a common interest in music. With the help of the Larnaka Municipality, which can always be relied on to support in every way, the Wind Orchestra runs smoothly, and, staffed by old and new performers and is also actively involved in Cyprus's cultural development.

</doc>
<doc id="20258664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258664" title="Roosevelt Red Ware">
Roosevelt Red Ware

Roosevelt Red Ware, also known as Salado Red Ware and Salado Polychrome, is a late prehistoric pottery tradition found across large portions of Arizona and New Mexico. The tradition involves the combination of red, white, and black paint in varying configurations along with compositional and morphological characteristics. This ceramic tradition begins about AD 1280-1290 and lasts until at least AD 1450 based on tree-ring dating.
History.
Archaeologists have argued over the nature of Salado as a cultural phenomenon or an ideological one spreading through the Southwest. Some archaeologists have chosen to use the term Salado Polychromes so as not to give undue emphasis to the Roosevelt Lake area, once thought to be the center of production. Both terms, Salado Red Ware and Roosevelt Red Ware are still used by archaeologists.
In her 1994 volume, Dr. Patricia Crown suggested four models with which to analyze Salado Polychromes. They are "elite symbols of authority or items of exchange," "indicators of participation in an economic alliance/regional system," "objects associated with the spread of a religious ideology," and as "markers of ethnicity for a migrant group" (Crown 1994: vi). More recently archaeologists have examined these types distribution across the Southwest (Lyons 2003) and suggests that these types are markers of migrant groups emanating from northeastern Arizona.
Ceramic typology.
Roosevelt Red Ware is divided by archaeologists into a series of types, which cover shorter spans of time, based on configurations of the painted designs and rim profiles of bowls.
Roosevelt Red Ware has traditionally been organized into three types based on stylistic differences. More recently researchers at the Center for Desert Archaeology in Tucson, Arizona have identified an additional six types based on a combination of stylistic and morphological characteristics. For bowls with both interior and exterior decoration, the exterior style is labeled as the variant (Example: Gila interior with a Tonto exterior would be labeled as Gila Polychrome: Tonto Variant)
All types within this ware share a number of broad categorical similarities although over a roughly 250 year time span significant variation is seen. The paste is generally brown to reddish-brown in color and is tempered with sand. Generally red and/or white slip cover both the interior and exterior and black paint is used on one or both surfaces, usually surrounded by white rather than red slip. Black paint is most commonly organic, but a mixture of organic and mineral paint appears on some vessels. Petrographic analyses have shown that Roosevelt Red Ware is produced across the full distributional range.
Pinto Polychrome.
Pinto Polychrome is the earliest of the Roosevelt Red Wares and dates from AD 1280 to 1330. Pinto Polychrome vessels are only found in the form of bowls and lack the banding line, also called a "life-line" by some authors, that identify Gila Polychrome. Stylistically Pinto Polychrome is reminiscent of St Johns Polychrome in its layout of opposed hatched and solid elements, although the type exhibits a period of experimentation with colors and layouts that continue through subsequent types.
Pinto polychrome is found along the Mogollon Rim in Arizona as well as the Tonto Basin, Sierra Ancha, Globe Highlands, San Pedro Valley, Point of Pines Area, Kinishba Area and the Upper Gila Valley (Neuzil and Lyons 2005: 34).
There is a transitional variant that has been noted by some authors known as Pinto-Gila Polychrome. This type exhibits the more bold designs generally found in Gila Polychrome but lacks the banding line and is still only found in bowls. Some authors have chosen not to use this type arguing that types tend to blur in transitional periods between types and that adding types adds no additional analytical usefulness. Pinto Polychrome is also contains a Salmon Variety (see Gila Polychrome).
Pinto Black-on-red.
Similar in dates, designs, and geographic distribution to Pinto Polychrome but without the white slip underlying black paint.
Gila Polychrome.
Gila Polychrome is the first type in this series to be found in both bowls and jars. Stylistically Gila Polychrome is identified by bolder motifs than Pinto Polychrome and bowls are most readily identified by the banding line just below the interior rim. Jars have broad stripes of white slip with black designs, although the bases are usually still slipped red. Sometimes jars exhibit multiple parallel bands of black on white decoration separated by thin bands of red slip. Gila Polychrome, Salmon Variety, replaces the usual white slip with a pinkish slip but otherwise remains stylistically similar (Neuzil and Lyons 2005: 21-22).
Gila Polychrome is produced from about AD 1300-1450 across Arizona, New Mexico and northern Mexico, north of Casas Grandes, Chihuahua.
Gila Black-on-red.
Similar in dates, designs and geographic distribution to Gila Polychrome but without the white slip underlying black paint.
Tonto Polychrome.
Tonto Polychrome is found in higher frequencies on jars. The black on white designs are generally narrower bands than on Gila jars, or panels of decoration, and are surrounded by red slip. This type has a later starting date than Gila Polychrome, AD 1340 and an end date of 1450.
Cliff Polychrome.
Cliff Polychrome is identified by stylistic and morphological characteristics that distinguish it from Gila Polychrome. Dates given for this type range from AD 1300-1450 (Lyons 2004).
This type is found in bowl form and can be partially identified by recurved and semi-flaring rims. Accompanying the shift in bowl shape is a drop in the banding line, creating a secondary design field between the banding line and the rim. Design elements otherwise are similar to those found on Gila and Tonto Polychrome vessels. 
Lyons (2004) describes the spatial distribution for this type as ranging from Petrified National Forest, Arizona to Casas Grandes, Chihuahua, Mexico and from the Phoenix basin to Alamogordo, New Mexico. The locus of heaviest production for this type seems to be centered around southeastern Arizona and southwestern New Mexico possibly indicating the location of origin for this type. Temporal distribution would seem to indicate that this type is temporally significant since sites exist throughout the distributional range containing both Gila and Tonto Polychrome, but lacking Cliff Polychrome.
Nine Mile Polychrome.
Nine Mile Polychrome is similar to Cliff Polychrome in that it only occurs in bowls with a recurved rim with a black-on-white band of design on the bowl interior just below the rim, the area above the banding line on Cliff Polychrome. Unlike Cliff Polychrome however, the rest of the interior of this type is red slipped without any additional elaboration, including lack of a banding line. Generally Nine Mile Polychrome vessels have either a Gila or Tonto Polychrome exterior decoration. This type is found in the region from the Cliff Valley to Perry Mesa, and from the Middle Verde Valley to the area around Douglas, Arizona. While rare, this type seems to have its greatest density around the far southeastern portion of its distribution. This type dates from the timer period AD 1375-1450 (Neuzil and Lyons 2005).
This type is named for the Nine Mile Site in the San Simon Valley excavated by Jack and Vera Mills in the 1940s.
Phoenix Polychrome.
Phoenix Polychrome also occurs only in bowls with recurved rims. This type is similar to Nine Mile Polychrome with the difference being that Phoenix Polychrome lacks the band of black on white decoration on the interior of bowls and is instead entirely covered in red slip. As with other types, the exterior of these bowls may have either Gila or Tonto style decoration. 
This type dates to AD 1375-1450 and as the name suggests its distribution centers on the Phoenix basin, but distribution extends east to the Cliff Valley and is extends from the Verde Valley in the north to the Douglas, Arizona area in the south (Neuzil and Lyons 2005).
Dinwiddie Polychrome.
Dinwiddie Polychrome is also defined by bowls with recurved rims and dates to AD 1375-1450. Decoration on this type is restricted to the exterior of vessels with the interior being smudged (Neuzil and Lyons 2005).
Dinwiddie Polychrome has a very restricted spatial distribution and may "not occur west of a line drawn through Kinishba, near Whiteriver, and the Nine Mile site, near Bowie " (Neuzil and Lyons 2005: 30). In Crown’s 1994 study, although she did not name this type, she noted that Roosevelt Red Ware bowls exhibiting smudged interiors were confined to a limited geographical range.
Los Muertos Polychrome.
Los Muertos Polchrome has a long and storied history of recognition without formal description. Neuzil and Lyons (2005) note that archaeologists have noted this type as a variation of Gila Polychrome since 1927. Names under which this type has been known include Gila Polychrome with four colors, Las Colinas Polychrome, Perry Mesa Polychrome, Gila style with red, and Gila Polychrome; Trichrome Variety.
This type is identified by red paint used in conjunction with black paint in white design fields. Design layout follows either Gila or Tonto styles and so is referred to with reference to either of these varieties. Distribution of this type is limited to the Verde Valley, the Agua Fria-Perry Mesa area, the Lower Salt River Valley, the Middle Gila, the Santa Cruz Flats, and the Tonto Basin (Neuzil and Lyons 2005: 30-31).
Cliff White-on-red.
Cliff White-on-red is also a recurved bowl form of Roosevelt Red Ware. The interior of the vessel is smudged on the interior and the exteriors exhibit the white-on-red decoration. Cliff White-on-red overlaps in distribution with Dinwiddie Polychrome and thus the range appears to be southwestern New Mexico and southeastern Arizona.
Similar white-on-red types exist in the Southwest, although all show sufficient differences for Cliff White-on-red to hold up as a distinct type. This type is different from Gila White-on-red in that Cliff White-on-red is thinned by scraping rather than paddle-and-anvil, and designs are broader than those found on Gila White-on-red. Unlike Cliff White-on-red, Salado White-on-red is white decoration on a red-slipped obliterated corrugated body. Finally, Tularosa White-on-red is most similar to Cliff White-on-red with a smudged interior and a recurved rim form. The differences are that Tularosa White-on-red has two to four coils around the neck and thinner lines used in the designs. (Neuzil and Lyons 2005)
Mexican Forms.
In their exhaustive study of Casas Grandes, DiPeso, Rinaldo and Fenner (1974), the type Escondida Polychrome was formally named. While not officially a Roosevelt Red Ware, this type exhibits hallmark traits of these types. Escondida Polychrome is produced with locally available clay, a buff firing clay used for types such as Ramos Polychrome, and has black and red designs with many motifs being similar to those found on Roosevelt Red Wares. This type does lack the white slip found on Roosevelt Red Ware, and designs show influence from Chihuahuan types. Escondida Polychrome may be a hybrid type taking aspects of both Roosevelt Red Wares and Chihuahuan wares and being locally produced in northern Mexico.
A second type, unnamed yet, is similar to Escondida Polychrome but exhibits the white slip found on Roosevelt Red Ware. Fenner (personal communication) feels that these vessels are most likely locally produced Roosevelt Red Wares and as such would be found under one of the above headings, although sherds would exhibit the buff colored paste found in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="20258682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258682" title="Joseph Makinson">
Joseph Makinson

Joseph Makinson (born 25 August 1836 at Higher Broughton, Salford, Lancashire; died 14 March 1914 at Sale, Cheshire) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1856 to 1873.
Joseph Makinson was educated at Huddersfield College, Owen's College, Manchester and Trinity College, Cambridge.A right-handed batsman, occasional wicket-keeper and right arm medium pace roundarm bowler who was mainly associated with Cambridge University and Lancashire, he made 27 known appearances in first-class matches. He played for the Gentlemen in the Gentlemen v Players series. 
Makinson was called to the Bar from Lincoln's Inn in 1864, and practised on the Northern Circuit. From 1878 until his death in 1914 he was the Stipendiary Magistrate of Salford.

</doc>
<doc id="20258698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258698" title="Restaurant Aquavit">
Restaurant Aquavit

Aquavit is a Scandinavian restaurant located at 65 East 55th Street in Manhattan in New York City.
History.
Aquavit was created and opened by Håkan Swahn in 1987. After 17 years in one location, Aquavit relocated in 2005 to new premises giving the restaurant an entirely new look. Aquavit opened a second restaurant in Minneapolis, Minnesota in 1999, but it failed to take hold and ultimately closed in mid-2003.
Aquavit was a pioneer in New York in 1987 in creating two distinct dining rooms, a casual café with modern but rustic fare as well as a cutting-edge modern dining room. This was conceptually based on the Stockholm restaurant, Operakällaren, whose owner, Tore Wretman, was one of Aquavit’s original partners. Aquavit with the arrival of Chef Marcus Samuelsson in 1995 garnered greater culinary recognition.
Aquavit enjoyed a three-star rating from "The New York Times" from 1995 until 2010, when it was downgraded to two stars, and was ranked by "New York Magazine" in 2006 as the 9th-best restaurant in New York. 
In 2002 the cook book “Aquavit and the new Scandinavian Cuisine” was written by Marcus Samuelsson based on the food of the restaurant.
Concept.
Aquavit is an international restaurant with Scandinavian flair and not an ethnic restaurant. It was conceived to be a restaurant for New Yorkers and visitors to New York and not a culinary home-away-from-home for Scandinavian expats. The menu has a Scandinavian flavor profile without featuring special Scandinavian ethnic dishes. The menu favors seafood and offers several tasting menus as well as a vegetarian menu. Aquavit’s café is distinctly more traditional in its roots. A substantial portion of the menu showcases Scandinavian specialties such as Meatballs with Lingonberries, Gravlax and a variety of herrings. The Lounge offers small portions of dishes offered in the café and the Private Dining Room has a menu targeted to corporate customers.
Aquavit features a wide array of its namesake beverage, some imported from Scandinavia but many flavored in the restaurant. The selection of Aquavits is complemented by a substantial selection of high-quality beers. Aquavit’s wine list has received numerous awards from The Wine Spectator Magazine.
Aquavit's design is modern but has its roots in Scandinavian designs from the 1950s, 60s and 70s, with designs of Arne Jacobsen, Poul Kjaerholm and Verner Panton. Modern photographic art by New York artists such as Richard Prince, Cindy Sherman and Laurie Simmons adorn the walls.
Awards.
Aquavit has received a number of awards and accolades over the years, including:
The executive chef of Aquavit is Marcus Jernmark.
In 2013, "Zagats" gave it a food rating of 25.

</doc>
<doc id="20258754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258754" title="Arsala Jamal">
Arsala Jamal

Arsala Jamal (1966 – October 15, 2013) (also anglicised as Arsallah Jamal) was an Afghan government official, who served as governor of the provinces of Khost and Logar in Afghanistan. He was assassinated in a bomb attack in logar province of Afghanistan on 15 October 2013.
Early life and education.
Jamal was born in Paktika Province in 1966. He received his early education in kabul afghanistan, After finishing 12 grade, Jamal went to Malaysia for his higher studies.
Career.
Jamal was appointed the vice president of the DA AFGHANISTAN BANK (NATIONAL BANK OF AFGHANISTAN)in 1992, Later he worked with the united nations mission for afghanistan Based in PESHAWAR PAKISTAN, After the taliban rule finished, he returned to kabul and worked in rural development, in both the NGO and government sectors. The NGOs he worked for include CARE International and the Central Bank. He served as the water and sanitation programme coordinator and emergency response coordinator for the Ministry of Rural Reconstruction and Development.
In August 2006, Jamal was appointed the provincial governor of Khost Province, in eastern Afghanistan. Khost lies adjacent to the Waziristan tribal region of Pakistan, base to militant groups. After leaving this post, Jamal worked on President Hamid Karzai's successful re-election campaign in 2009, acting as his campaign manager. He was nominated as minister for Border Affairs and Tribal Affairs and functioned as the acting minister, but failed to be confirmed by parliament. After a period abroad in Canada (where he also held citizenship), Jamal was appointed the governor of Logar Province in April 2013, a position he held until his death. Logar is a strategically important province that lies immediately south of the capital, Kabul, and includes a major copper mine at Aynak. One of Jamal's priorities as governor was overseeing the mine's development.
Jamal was described by the BBC as "an active and competent politician with experience of dealing with tribal elders and foreign donors." He was considered a close associate of President Karzai.
Death.
Jamal was assassinated on October 15, 2013 in a bomb attack. He was 47. The date is the first day of Eid-al-Adha, a major Muslim festival. Jamal was delivering a speech after an Eid prayer in Logar Province's main mosque in the provincial capital of Pul-i-Alam when the bomb went off. Jamal was killed instantly. Initial reports stated that the bombing was a suicide attack. Subsequent reports are of a remotely activated device, variously stated to have been planted in a microphone or hidden underneath a table or podium. The bomb injured 15–20 others, including the mosque's imam. Five to eight of the injured are reported to be in critical condition. At least one other person is reported to have been killed.
No organisation claimed responsibility for the attack in its immediate aftermath. It is one of the first attacks of 2013 to successfully target a major government official. The motivation for the attack is unknown. The Directorate of Local Governance agency has suggested it might be linked to Jamal's efforts to develop the Aynak copper mine. The capture of Latif Mehsud in Logar earlier in October has also been suggested as a possible motivation.
Jamal had survived several previous assassination attempts, including a 2007 car bomb targeting his convoy, and two attacks in 2009 targeting his Khost office. He is the second governor of Logar to be assassinated; Abdullah Wardak was killed by a roadside bomb in 2008.
He is survived by his wife and six children who live in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20258767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258767" title="Child Welfare Services (Norway)">
Child Welfare Services (Norway)

The Child Welfare Service of Norway (Norwegian: barnevernet) established by the Child Welfare Act of 1992 was created to "to ensure that children and young people who live in conditions that can harm their health and development are given the necessary help and care at the right time" and "to help children and young people have a safe childhood" 
The underlying principle governing all child welfare efforts is devotion to the child's best interests. As a general rule, it is assumed that children will grow up with their biological parents. This biological criterion forms the foundation for Norwegian legislation regulating the relationship between children and parents. A child's affiliation with its parents is considered to be a resource in and of itself.
The Child Welfare Service works to ensure that families have the best possible conditions for taking care of their children. Activities are preventative. Efforts are aimed at ensuring that children and young people are not excluded from community life within their neighborhood environments.
Support and assistance.
The Child Welfare Service is responsible for implementing measures for children and their families in situations where there are special needs in relation to the home environment. Assistance may be provided as counseling, advisory services, and aid measures, including external support contacts, relief measures in the home, and access to day care.
Children are entitled to participate in decisions involving their personal welfare, and have the right to state their views in accordance with their age and level of maturity. This applies especially in cases where there are administrative and legal proceedings that will strongly affect the children's day-to-day lives.
Duties.
The child welfare services are required to take action if measures implemented in the home environment are not sufficient to safeguard the child's needs. In such cases, the Child Welfare Service in consultation with the parents may place children under foster care, in a child welfare institution, or introduce specific parent-child measures. Removing a child from the home without parental consent requires a decision from the County Committee for Social Affairs on the basis of a recommendation submitted by the municipal authorities. The county committee is a government body with an autonomous position in relation to the ministry and the Office of the County Governor. Decisions taken by the county committee may only be overturned by the courts. The county committees are administered under the auspices of the Ministry of Children and Equality.
The municipal child welfare services are charged with monitoring the development of children who have been placed in care outside their homes as well as their parents.
Child welfare service employees are privy to a large amount of personal client information, and must comply with strict rules of confidentiality. However, information may be provided to other administrative agencies when this is necessary to carrying out child welfare service tasks.
The responsibilities and tasks of the child welfare authorities are stipulated in the Act relating to child welfare services. The overall responsibility for child welfare lies with the state through the Ministry of Children and Equality, while the administration of child welfare services is primarily carried out at the municipal level and through the Norwegian Directorate for Children, Youth and Family Affairs.
Criticisms.
Thousands of former children in care have sought compensation for the suffering and abuse under child protection. The majority of these have received compensation. In total 220 million dollars (2010).
The Service has been severely criticized by the Government of India for taking away two children of an Indian couple who are working in Norway.
Berit Aarset, who heads Human Rights Alert, Norway, has called the incident "state kidnapping." She said, "This is not the first time such a thing is happening in Norway ...the legal system favours the Child Welfare Services and they do what they want all the time...quite often when a Norwegian is married to a non-Norwegian they also do the same thing; they also do this to asylum seekers and in almost every case they say one of the parents have a mental problem just to make their case strong ...that is what has happened in the Bhattacharya case too."
The Child Welfare services were accused of forced abduction of two Turkish-Norwegian Kids from Turkey using a private investigator. The children were handed to the foster parents who stayed with their parents. Some time later, the foster father was arrested for child sex abuse clearly demonstrating the ineptitude of the child welfare services.
Another incident involved a Russian citizen living in Norway. Her shocking staments took many newspapers' front pages: "During the court hearings, the judge told me: 'We give you residence permit, and you give us your son.' I refused, and then the repressions started." 
Many times in past Child Welfare Services have been accused on violation of human rights for taking away children from their parents.
In two widely publicized cases, the Polish private investigator Krzysztof Rutkowski has helped children (a Russian-born boy and a Polish girl) escape Norwegian foster care and reunite with their parents.
Allegations of torture performed by former commandos.
The agency has been criticized for entrusting former commandos, with the care of children on isolated, uninhabited islands during the 1990s. 21 former orpanages("barnehjemsbarn") applied for compensation—for their participation on these discipline tours ("disiplineringstur")—during the two years preceding May 2012.
Cases.
The case of the Bhattacharya children, involved Norway's foreign minister (Jonas Gahr Støre) meeting with a special envoy from India in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20258779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258779" title="Cuban musical theatre">
Cuban musical theatre

Cuban musical theatre has its own distinctive style and history. From the 18th century (at least) to modern times, popular theatrical performances included music and often dance as well. Many composers and musicians had their careers launched in the theatres, and many compositions got their first airing on the stage. In addition to staging some European operas and operettas, Cuban composers gradually developed ideas which better suited their creole audience. Characters on stages began to include elements from Cuban life, and the music began to reflect a fusion between African and European contributions. 
Recorded music was to be the couduit for Cuban music to reach the world. The most recorded artist in Cuba up to 1925 was a singer at the "Alhambra", Adolfo Colombo. Records show he recorded about 350 numbers between 1906 and 1917.
The first theatre in Havana opened in 1775, called the "Coliseo", and later the "Teatro Principal". The first Cuban-composed opera appeared in 1807. Theatrical music was hugely important in the 19th century and the first half of the 20th century; its significance only began to wane with the change in political and social weather in the second part of the 20th century. Radio, which began in Cuba in 1922, helped the growth of popular music because it provided publicity and a new source of income for the artists.
Cuban theatre in the early 19th century.
In 1810, says Alejo Carpentier, a Spanish company arrived in Havana that would perform for more than 22 years. This company had artists of serious merit. The troupe included Andrés Prieto (a famous actor), Manuel García (who played the villain), the singer María del Rosario Sabatini, Antonio Hermosilla and others. After a few months it was reinforced by more Spanish talent: Mariana Galino, Isabel Gamborino (the famous "tonadilla" singer), and her sister the ballerina Manuela Gamborino, whom Carpentier describes as "an agile and luscious bombshell who had the men of Havana in a spell."
The life of some of these players was theatre itself: Marina Galino provoked her husband to jealousy, whereupon he stabbed her and left her for dead, finally slitting his own wrists. But the lady was not dead, and eventually recovered to give exhibitions of European dance styles, such as the bolero (Spanish style), minuets, gavots polkas, folías (Canary Islands), cachuchas (Andalusian solo song and dance), manchegas (from La Mancha), el pan de xarabe, el caballito jaleado and so on. Many of these were taught at Havana dance academies, but the contradanza and the waltz were the long-lasting favourites. Within twenty years of the contradanza arriving from abroad, it had begun to show signs of cubanization in its rhythm. This was the start of the fusion which eventually effected so much music and life generally in Cuba.
A Cuban actor, Francisco Covarrubias, was a prominent member of the troupe, and figured on its posters. He was a basso buffo, and an author of entremeses (one-act farces), zarzuelas and sainetes. As the vogue for Spanish-style theatre waned, Covarrubias led the way to genuinely Cuban theatrical formats.
Zarzuela.
Zarzuela is a small-scale light operetta format. Starting off with imported Spanish content (List of zarzuela composers), it developed into a running commentary on Cuba's social and political events and problems. Zarzuela has the distinction of providing Cuba's first recording artist: the soprano Rosalía 'Chalía' Díaz de Herrera made, outside Cuba, the first recordings by a Cuban artist. She recorded numbers from the zarzuela "Cadíz" in 1898 on unnumbered Bettini cylinders.
Zarzuela reached its peak in the first half of the 20th century. Musical director Jorge Anckermann produced zarzuelas, reviews and comedies at the "Alhambra". A string of front-rank composers such as Gonzalo Roig, Eliseo Grenet, Ernesto Lecuona and Rodrigo Prats produced hits for the "Regina" and "Martí" theatres in Havana. Great stars like the "vedette" Rita Montaner, who could sing, play the piano, dance and act, were the Cuban equivalents of Mistinguett and Josephine Baker in Paris. Some of the best known zarzuelas are "La virgen morena" (Grenet), "Nina Rita" (Grenet and Lecuona), "María la O", "El batey", "Rosa la China" (all Lecuona); Gonzalo Roig with "La Habana de noche"; Rodrigo Prats with "Amalia Batista" and "La perla del caribe"; and above all, "Cecilia Valdés" (the musical of the most famous Cuban novel of the 19th century, with music by Roig and script by Prats and Agustín Rodríguez). Artists who were introduced to the public in the lyric theatre include Caridad Suarez, María de los Angeles Santana, Esther Borja and Ignacio Villa, who had such a round, black face that Rita Montaner called him Bola de Nieve ('Snowball').
Bufo.
Cuban "Bufo" theatre is an example of a form of comedy, ribald and satirical, with stock figures imitating types that might be found anywhere in the country. Bufo had its origin around 1800-15 as an older form, "tonadilla", began to vanish from Havana. Francisco Covarrubias the 'caricaturist' (1775–1850) was its creator. Gradually, the comic types threw off their European models and became more and more creolized and Cuban. Alongside, the music followed. Argot from slave barracks and poor barrios found its way into lyrics that are those of the guaracha:
So the bufo theatre became fertile ground for that typically Cuban musical form, the "guaracha".
Other theatrical forms.
Vaudeville.
Vernacular theatre of various types often includes music. Formats rather like the British Music Hall, or the American Vaudeville, still occur, where an audience is treated to a pot-pourri of singers, comedians, bands, sketches and speciality acts. Even in cinemas during the silent movies, singers and instrumentalists would appear in the interval, and a pianist would play during the films. Bola de Nieve and María Teresa Vera are two stars who played in cinemas in their early days. Burlesque was also common in Havana before 1960.
African 'theatre'.
All the African cultures which were brought to Cuba had traditions, which survive erratically to the present day, not always in detail, but in general style. The best preserved are the African polytheistic religions, where, in Cuba at least, the instruments, the language, the chants, the dances and their interpretations are quite well preserved. 
Not until after the Second World War do we find detailed printed descriptions or recordings of African sacred ceremonies in Cuba. Inside the cults, music, song, dance and ceremony were (and still are) learnt by heart by means of demonstration, including such ceremonial procedures as are conducted in an African language. The experiences were (and some still are) private to the initiated, until the work of the ethnologist Fernándo Ortíz, who devoted a large part of his life to investigating the influence of African culture in Cuba. The first detailed transcription of percussion, song and chants are to be found in his great works.

</doc>
<doc id="20258787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258787" title="Juliane Kokott">
Juliane Kokott

Juliane Kokott (* 1957) is the German Advocate General at the Court of Justice of the European Union "(ECJ)" and Professor at the University of St. Gallen.
Biography.
Juliane Kokott studied law in Bonn and Geneva. Subsequent to her studies, she earned the academic title of Master of Laws (LL.M.) at the American University "(AU)" Washington, D.C., while being on a scholarship of the Fulbright Program. There she also worked as an Assistant to Thomas Buergenthal, judge at the International Court of Justice "(ICJ)" and former president of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights. She worked as a judicial intern at the "Landgericht Heidelberg" and the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany "(Bundesverfassungsgericht)" in Karlsruhe, whilst also being employed at the "Max Planck Institute for Comparative Public Law and International Law", Heidelberg. She concluded her doctorate "(Dr. iur. utr.)" at the University of Heidelberg with the dissertation titled ""The Inter-American System for the Protection of Human Rights" ("Das interamerikanische System zum Schutz der Menschenrechte")". 
Juliane Kokott also earned a diploma from the Académie Internationale de Droit Constitutionnel in Tunis. As bearer of the "Otto-Hahn-Medal" of the Max Planck Society for junior scientists, she concluded another study visit at Harvard Law School and was awarded the academic degree of Doctor of Juridical Science "(S.J.D.)".
After her habilitation at the University of Heidelberg, she taught at the Universities of Mannheim, Augsburg and Düsseldorf. From 2000 until her call to the ECJ, she headed the Institute for European Law, Public International Law and international business law at the University of St. Gallen, Switzerland with the correspondent professorship.
On October 7, 2003, Juliane Kokott succeeded Siegbert Alber as Advocate General at the Court of Justice of the European Union. She is the third woman in the history of the ECJ to hold this position. 
Juliane Kokott is married and mother to six children.

</doc>
<doc id="20258799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258799" title="Branko">
Branko

Branko is a South Slavic given name found in all of former Yugoslavia, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20258800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258800" title="Tom Shankland">
Tom Shankland

Tom Shankland is an English film and TV director and screenwriter. 
Awards.
"The Fades" won the BAFTA for Best Drama Series in 2012. Shankland was also nominated for two BAFTA Awards in 2000 and 2001 for short-films "Bait" (1999) and "Going Down" (2000).

</doc>
<doc id="20258804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258804" title="Joseph McCormick (cricketer)">
Joseph McCormick (cricketer)

Joseph McCormick (born 29 October 1834 at Liverpool; died 9 April 1914 at Westminster) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1854 to 1866.
Joseph McCormick was educated at Bingley Grammar School and St John's College, Cambridge. A right-handed batsman and right arm slow roundarm bowler who was mainly associated with Cambridge University and Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), he made 19 known appearances in first-class matches. He claimed, while playing on Parker's Piece, to have hit a fast bowler to leg and run nine runs for it. In 1856, the year he captained Cambridge University at cricket, he was also a rowing blue. He played for the Gentlemen in the Gentlemen v Players series. 
In later life McCormick was a clergyman, Canon of York Cathedral from 1884 to 1901, and Hon. Chaplain to Victoria of the United Kingdom, King Edward VII and King George V.

</doc>
<doc id="20258813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258813" title="Papyrus 109">
Papyrus 109

Papyrus 109 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by siglum formula_1109, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of John. The surviving texts of John are verses 21:18-20; 21:23-25, they are in a fragmentary condition.
The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the early 3rd century (INTF). According to Comfort possible is even the 2nd century. 
Text.
John 21:18-20. 23-25
"The text is too small to determine its textual character".
Location.
The manuscript is currently housed at the Papyrology Rooms (P. Oxy. 4448) of the Sackler Library at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20258817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258817" title="Megalobatrachonema">
Megalobatrachonema

Megalobatrachonema is a nematode genus. Species of this genus are parasites of a number of amphibians including the rough-skinned newt".

</doc>
<doc id="20258837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258837" title="Marine energy management">
Marine energy management

Marine energy management is the application of systematic methods to measure, register and analyze the energy usage of ocean going vessels in specific. 
The goal of marine energy management is to 
These are two separated optimization problems.
Marine energy management can both be applied on board and onshore. It is a complex problem, due to the number of inter-related energy systems on board vessels, such as the propulsion, the auxiliary engines, refrigeration systems, HVAC, etc. The weather and sea-state, plus the logistics involved in transporting goods from one port to another, also have big effects. 
Marine energy management can be addressed on board through measuring devices, monitoring systems and decision-support systems. It can be addressed onshore through data analysis, leading to change in operation on board.

</doc>
<doc id="20258849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258849" title="Grand Mountet Hut">
Grand Mountet Hut

The Grand Mountet Hut (2,886 m) (French: "Cabane du Grand Mountet") is a mountain hut located in the Pennine Alps near Zinal in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It is used at a start point for the ascents of Besso, Zinalrothorn, Ober Gabelhorn, Trifthorn, Mont Durand, Pointe de Zinal, Grand Cornier and Dent Blanche.
Although the hut is located in the middle of glaciers, it is accessible by a trail and frequented by hikers because of the impressive view over the Zinal Glacier and high summits around.

</doc>
<doc id="20258852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258852" title="Pierce O'Brien-Butler">
Pierce O'Brien-Butler

Pierce Edmond O'Brien-Butler (died 1902) was an Irish rugby union international player. He won six caps between 1897 and 1900. Pierce was a member of a titled family, the Barons Dunboyne. His own branch of the family originated in County Tipperary, where they lived at Bansha Castle in the 18th century. 
He was killed in action during the Anglo-Boer War in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="20258855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258855" title="Reginald Hankey">
Reginald Hankey

Reginald Hankey (3 November 1832 - 25 August 1886) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1853 to 1860.
Born at Marylebone, London, he was a right-handed batsman and right arm medium pace roundarm bowler who was mainly associated with Oxford University, Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) and Surrey, and made 18 known appearances in first-class matches. He played for the Gentlemen in the Gentlemen v Players series. 
His cousin Frederick Alers Hankey also played first class cricket for MCC.
Hankey died in 1886 in Brighton, Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="20258861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258861" title="Yagüez River">
Yagüez River

The Yagüez River is a river located in western Puerto Rico.
The Yagüez originates at above sea-level in the Urayoán Mountains to the southeast of Las Marias and to the northeast of Maricao. From its inception the river runs roughly east to west for emptying into Mayagüez Bay just west of downtown Mayagüez next to the northern part of the Parque del Litoral.
During its course, the river traverses the Mayagüez Reservoir located between the Bateyes and Limón barrios of Mayagüez. To protect against flash flooding, the river is canalized throughout the majority of its path through Mayagüez's urban core. The first attempt to canalize the river was when Don Leonardo de Campos was mayor of Mayagüez in 1852, but the difficulties of the project did not allow it back then. The river flooded the city in 1933. 

</doc>
<doc id="20258872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258872" title="Working on a Dream">
Working on a Dream

Working on a Dream is the 16th studio album by Bruce Springsteen, released on January 27, 2009 through Columbia Records. It has sold more than 3 million copies worldwide, with over 585,000 in the United States as of September 2010.
History.
The album was officially announced, along with a track listing, on November 17, 2008. The album first began selling in Germany and Ireland, on January 23. 
The album came out of songwriting and recording that Springsteen continued with towards the close of his previous work, 2007's "Magic", as the band worked on a video for one of that album's songs. "What Love Can Do" was written, in Springsteen's words, as a "love in the time of Bush" meditation, but felt like the start of something new rather than a candidate for "Magic". Encouraged by his 2000s producer Brendan O'Brien, Springsteen decided to start work on a new album and wrote "This Life," "My Lucky Day," "Life Itself," "Good Eye," and "Tomorrow Never Knows" during the next week. They were then recorded with the E Street Band members during breaks on their 2007–2008 Magic Tour, with most being finished in just a few takes. This all reflected a faster pace of producing new music than Springsteen had been known for in the past; Springsteen said, "I hope "Working on a Dream" has caught the energy of the band fresh off the road from some of the most exciting shows we've ever done." As with "Magic", most of the tracks were first recorded with a core rhythm section band comprising Springsteen, drummer Max Weinberg, bassist Garry Tallent, and pianist Roy Bittan; other members' contributions were then added subsequently.
The album is the last to feature new work of founding E Street Band member Danny Federici, who died in April 2008. Federici's son Jason also plays on the album. 
Title number "Working on a Dream" was first performed during Springsteen's November 2, 2008 appearance in Cleveland for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign (accompanied by Patti Scialfa), and then a chopped-up airing of the recorded version first appeared during the November 16 "NBC Sunday Night Football" broadcast at halftime. The intact "Working on a Dream" began airing on radio stations and their websites on November 21; it was made available for free download via iTunes and the Sony BMG website on November 24. The track entered the UK Singles Chart at position 195 the following week. A music video appeared on some foreign sites showing the recording of the song. "My Lucky Day" was made available in the United States on amazon.com on December 1, accompanied by a longer music video that showed Springsteen and the band arranging and recording the song. "Life Itself" was released as a free download from amazon.com on December 28, with a music video that featured studio footage interspersed with vague scene snippets that may illuminate the moody song.
On January 12, 2009, the album leaked onto the internet. On January 19, NPR.org scheduled a streaming of it free for a week, in advance of the actual release. Sony BMG's Irish website also began streaming it. An extensive and carefully planned promotional push for Springsteen and the album was put together, incorporating appearances at the Golden Globe Awards, the Barack Obama presidential inauguration, a new greatest hits album, the half-time show of Super Bowl XLIII and an anticipated appearance at the 81st Academy Awards. The last of these went awry when, in what "Rolling Stone" termed "shocking news," "The Wrestler" was snubbed by the Academy and failed to gain a nomination. Nevertheless, all the activity led Springsteen to say, "This has probably been the busiest month of my life."
An abbreviated version of "Working on a Dream" was included in Springsteen's February 1 performance during the Super Bowl. VH1 Classic aired the documentary "Bruce Springsteen: The Making Of 'Working On A Dream in early February 2009. The Working on a Dream Tour began on April 1, 2009, in the wake of the album's release.
Themes.
The release of the first two songs prompted "The New York Times" to proclaim Springsteen as "more hopeful, less bleak" than on his previous album "Magic". It saw this go-around of the Springsteen persona manifesting "the voice of an honest striver redeemed by love and hard work." E Street Band guitarist Steve Van Zandt sees "Working on a Dream" as part of a trilogy with "The Rising" and "Magic": "They make sense together in terms of sound, concept and writing style. The three records have been a projection more toward the pop-rock form – this one more than the other two."
The album's opener, "Outlaw Pete", which some observers felt borrowed a central riff from Kiss's 1979 disco hit "I Was Made for Lovin' You", is more than eight minutes long, while two others clock in at less than three minutes. 
Listeners considered it one of Springsteen's most stylistically diverse efforts overall. The album recalls some of Springsteen's earlier efforts, as "The Last Carnival" has been interpreted as a sequel to "Wild Billy's Circus Story" from 1973's "The Wild, the Innocent & the E Street Shuffle." 1960s production flourishes are omnipresent, including ones derived from Wall of Sound, girl group, British Invasion-era Top 40, Brian Wilson and "Pet Sounds", and The Byrds and "Eight Miles High".
Release and reception.
"Working on a Dream" debuted at number 1 on the Billboard 200 chart, selling 224,000 copies in its first week of release, knocking off a seven-week continuous run by Taylor Swift's "Fearless". It was Springsteen's ninth number one album in the United States. This tied him with The Rolling Stones for the fourth-highest total in that regard; only The Beatles (with 19), Jay-Z (with 11), and Elvis Presley (with 10) have more. "Working on a Dream" also debuted at number 1 on the Billboard Top Rock Albums chart, Top Digital Albums chart, and Top Internet Albums chart.
In all, it reached No. 1 in 17 countries around the world, and reached the Top 10 almost everywhere else.
Critical reception to "Working on a Dream" ranged widely. "Rolling Stone" gave it a five-star rating and compared it to 1975's "Born to Run" in scale and ambition. But "Los Angeles Times" writer Ann Powers said "The best thing that can be said about "Working on a Dream" is that it's boisterously scatterbrained, exhilaratingly bad." Review aggregator Metacritic calculated the album as an overall rating of 72 out of 100, the lowest score of Springsteen's six albums released during the 2000s.
Track listing.
Bonus track information.
"The Wrestler" first appeared in August 2008 at the 65th Venice International Film Festival debut of the film "The Wrestler". In December 2008 it received a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song and won the award during the 66th Golden Globe Awards on January 11, 2009. The album version, without end-credits string introduction, became available on iTunes on December 16, in advance of the film's U.S. major cities openings in the subsequent days.
"A Night with the Jersey Devil" first appeared in October 2008 on Springsteen's website, accompanied by a Halloween-themed music video. But subsequent press releases omitted mention of it, and Springsteen sources confirmed it had been removed, for reasons unknown. The song was announced by eil.com to be included as the 14th track on the Japanese CD edition on the album, but the current tracklist does not include it. The video, however, is featured in the DVD included with the album's deluxe edition (as listed below).
Deluxe edition.
Includes the full CD plus a DVD featuring:

</doc>
<doc id="20258894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258894" title="Kunguma Poovum Konjum Puravum">
Kunguma Poovum Konjum Puravum

Kunguma Poovum Konjum Puravum is a 2009 Indian Tamil drama film, directed by debutante Rajamohan, who earlier worked under renowned directors like A. Venkatesh and S. D. Vijay Milton, which stars newcomers Ramakrishnan and Thananya in lead roles. It is produced by SPB Charan under his banner Capital Film Works and has musical score by acclaimed music director Yuvan Shankar Raja. The film released on 24 April 2009 to Good responses.
Plot.
Thulasi (Thananya) comes to Muttam village along with her grandmother (Nagamma) after her parent’s desert her. She joins a government school in the village to pursue her studies. Enters Koochan (Ramakrishnan) who falls for her instantly. Koochan's mother Chandra (Agavamma) helps the poor Thulasi to pursue her studies. However coming to know about their romance, Agavamma insults Thulasi and her grandmother and drives them out of the village when Koochan is out on a school tour. A shocked Koochan returns only to meet with a road mishap. Meanwhile, Thulasi, who seeks refuge in a family at Tuticorin is forced to marry a rowdy Drama (Tharun Chatriya). On the day of their marriage, he gets arrested by police. His wayward lifestyle invites trouble and he eventually gets arrested for murdering a youth.
An annoyed Thulasi returns to Muttam only to see Koochan lost himself in liquor after his love failure. Meanwhile, Koochan resolves to set right Thulasi's life. But things take a turn when Dharma comes to Muttam after getting bail.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack, composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja, released on 24 January 2009, featuring 6 tracks with lyrics written by Kavignar Vaali and Gangai Amaran. Father S. P. Balasubramaniam and son SPB Charan, the producers of the film, have each sung one of the films, as did composer Yuvan Shankar Raja himself and his cousin Venkat Prabhu. The songs and the film score have been recorded using a live orchestra and without any electronic instruments such as synthesizers to create a rural feel to the music.
Production.
Development.
Nearly one year after the stupendous success of his film "Chennai 600028", in May 2008, SPB Charan decided to produce his next film. He then got to meet Rajamohan, as erstwhile assistant, who worked under prominent directors like A. Venkatesh and Rajakumaran, who told him the story of his film, which he titled as "Kunguma Poovum Konjum Puravum", impressed of which, Charan decided to produce that film. Rajamohan became a director, since he wanted to fulfill the wish of his brother, who wanted to became a director, but died in an accident, before his wish was satisfied.
Casting.
When looking out for the actor to play the hero's role, Rajamohan saw Ramakrishan one day walking on the road, who was an assistant director of Cheran and felt he would be the right person for the role and gave him the role of the protagonist. Tharshana, who later changed her name to Thananya, a second year medical student hailing from Andhra Pradesh, was picked as the heroine to play the female lead, after she was discovered by Charan and Rajamohan in a medical college. Though she was hesitating at first, she eventually agreed to take over the role of Thulasi, after Charan and Rajamohan explained her the importance and the scope of her role in the film and convinced her. Apart from Ramakrishnan and Tharshana, another newcomer, Tharun Chatriya, and an older woman, who dons the role of the grandmother of Thulasi, are said to be important characters in the film. Moreover, eight assistant directors and some "lightmen", do act in the film as well, who Rajamohan and Charan wanted to pay a tribute for their hard work and the effort they put in.
Yuvan Shankar Raja, a regular of Charan's films, was assigned as the music director, as were the other crew members, who had also worked for Charan's previous venture "Chennai 600028".
Filming.
The shooting of he film started on 9 June 2008 in Nagercoil and was entirely shot in a small village called "Muttam" near Nagercoil and in surrounding areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20258900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258900" title="The Commonwealth Club">
The Commonwealth Club

"This article concerns the historic Virginia building. For other places called "Commonwealth Club", see Commonwealth Club."
The Commonwealth Club, is a private gentlemen's club in Richmond, Virginia, USA. Its present clubhouse was completed in 1891. The defining structure of the Commonwealth Club Historic District, it is located at 401 West Franklin Street. The Commonwealth Club is considered to be one of the finest pieces of architecture in Richmond and was a physical symbol of Richmond's New South movement.
Architecture.
After an unsuccessful attempt to acquire plans from local firms, the Board of the Commonwealth Club looked outside of Richmond to develop a style that reflected the momentum of a more national architectural movement. The site proposed for the building, formerly the Palmer House, was located high above the street level. While the board desired a style broadly fashionable, they also desired the building to reflect Richmond as a southern city. The New York City based firm of Carrère and Hastings was chosen from a group of four firms.
The Commonwealth Club is a unique structure among Richmond buildings. Characterized by its deep red brick, brownstone trim and terra cotta cartouches, the building is a combination of Colonial revival and Richardsonian Romanesque styles. The Colonial revival tradition is reflected to promote a heritage for the future and the Richardsonian style reflected the ability of Richmonders to afford an architectural style fashionable on a national level. It is classified by the Virginia Department of Historic Resources as Italian Renaissance Revival.

</doc>
<doc id="20258910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258910" title="Raidāk River">
Raidāk River

The Raidak River (also called Wang Chhu or Wong Chhu in Bhutan) is a tributary of the Brahmaputra River, and a trans-boundary river, flows through Bhutan, India and Bangladesh.
Course.
Bhutan.
The Wang Chhu, or Raidāk, rises in the Himalayas. In its upper reaches it is also known as the Thimphu Chhu. The main river is a rapid stream, running over a bed of large boulders. Between Thimphu and the confluence with the Paro Chhu, the course of the river is not severely confined but, after leaving the confluence, it runs through a narrow defile between very steep cliffs. It subsequently flows southeast through a comparatively open valley, its course strewn with large boulders against which the water foams violently. It is joined by several small tributaries flowing from nearby mountains. Just above Paro Dzong a considerable feeder, the Ta Chhu, joins it from the left. To the west, the Ha Chhu drains into the Wong Chhu. At Tashichho Dzong the bed of the river is about above sea level and at the point of its exit in the Dooars its elevation is only .
West Bengal and Bangladesh.
It debouches into the plains in Jalpaiguri district and then flows through Cooch Behar district in West Bengal. The Raidak confluences with the Brahmaputra at chainage 327 km in Kurigram District in Bangladesh, where it is sometimes referred to Dudhkumar River.
The total length of the main river is but along with its tributaries, it covers a length of nearly in Bhutan alone.
Chukha hydel plant.
The 336MW Chukha hydel project, which harnesses the waters of the Wang Chhu or Raidak River, was historically one of the largest single investments undertaken in Bhutan, and it represented a major step toward exploiting the country's huge hydroelectric potential. It was built by India on a turnkey basis, with India providing 60% of the capital in a grant and 40% in a loan at highly concessional terms and conditions. In the arrangement, India receives in turn all the electricity generated from the project in excess of Bhutan’s demand at much cheaper prices than India’s generation cost from alternative sources. Located between Thimphu and the Indian border, a diversion dam was built at Chimakoti village, upstream of the confluence of the Ti Chhu and Wong Chhu rivers. From the dam water was diverted through long tunnels to a fall of more than to Chukha power house for generation of electricity. Construction started in 1974 and completed in 1986-88.

</doc>
<doc id="20258913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258913" title="Alfred Dickens (cricketer)">
Alfred Dickens (cricketer)

Alfred Dickens (9 December 1883 — 30 January 1938) was an English cricketer who played for Northamptonshire. He was born in Brixworth and died in Bedford.
Dickens made four Minor Counties Championship appearances between 1898 and 1902, prior to Northamptonshire's entry into first-class cricket in 1905.
Dickens made a single first-class appearance, during the 1907 season, against Warwickshire. From the tailend, he scored a duck in the first innings in which he batted and three runs in the second. He bowled a single over and took the wicket of Harold Goodwin in it at a cost of four runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20258930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258930" title="Bankole Johnson">
Bankole Johnson

Bankole A. Johnson, DSc, MD, MPhil, FRCPsych (born 5 November 1959) is a licensed physician and board-certified psychiatrist throughout Europe and the United States who served as Alumni Professor and Chairman of the Department of Psychiatry and Neurobehavioral Sciences at the University of Virginia. Johnson’s primary area of research expertise is the psychopharmacology of medications for treating addictions, and he is well known in the field for his discovery that topiramate, a gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) facilitator and glutamate antagonist, is an effective treatment for alcoholism. Professor Johnson also received national media attention for his appearance in the Home Box Office (HBO) original documentary feature, “Addiction”, which won the prestigious Governors Award, a special Emmy Award, from the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. Professor Johnson recently accepted an appointment to join the University of Maryland as the Chairman of Psychiatry and to lead a Brain Science Research Consortium in the neurosciences. 
Biography.
Johnson was born on November 5, 1959 in Nigeria. Johnson attended King’s College in Lagos, Nigeria and received his diploma in 1975. He then went on to Davies’ College in Sussex, England followed by the Institute Catholique de Paris in Paris, France. Johnson graduated from the University of Glasgow in Scotland in 1982 with a Medicinae Baccalaureum et Chirurgie Baccalaureum degree. He went on to train in psychiatry at the Royal London and Maudsley and Bethlem Royal Hospitals, and to train in research at the Institute of Psychiatry (University of London). In 1991, Johnson graduated from the University of London with a Master of Philosophy degree in neuropsychiatry. Johnson conducted his doctoral research at Oxford University and obtained a doctorate degree in medicine, Medicinae Doctorem, from the University of Glasgow in 1993. Most recently, in 2004, Johnson earned his Doctor of Science degree in medicine from the University of Glasgow – the highest degree that can be granted in science by a British university.
Johnson joined the faculty at the University of Texas Health Science Center in Houston in 1993 and later became the Deputy Chairman for Research and Chief of the Division of Alcohol and Drug Addiction in the Department of Psychiatry at the University of Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio in 1998. In 2001, Johnson received the Dan Anderson Research Award from the Hazelden Foundation for his “distinguished contribution as a researcher who has advanced the scientific knowledge of addiction recovery.” In 2002, Johnson received the Distinguished Senior Scholar of Distinction Award from the National Medical Association. Johnson was inducted into the Texas Hall of Fame in 2003 for his contributions to science, mathematics, and technology. On September 1, 2004, Johnson accepted an appointment to serve as Alumni Professor and Chairman of the Department of Psychiatric Medicine at the University of Virginia. Johnson became a fellow of the Royal College of Psychiatrists in 2007. In 2009 Johnson was named Associate Editor of the Editorial Board of "The American Journal of Psychiatry", and from 2010 to 2011 he served as Field Editor-in-Chief of "Frontiers in Psychiatry".
Research.
Johnson’s research focus is on the neuropsychopharmacology of addiction. His work integrates the neuroscience and behavioral aspects of addiction medicine with the goal of formulating a more thorough understanding of the basis of drug-seeking behavior and developing effective treatments. Central to his research is the role of and interaction between midbrain monoamine systems with a focus on serotonin, gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)/glutamate and dopamine.
Johnson’s Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) paper, titled “Topiramate for treating alcohol dependence: a randomized controlled trial” and published in 2007, gained national and international media attention. The 14-week U.S. multi-site clinical trial involved 371 male and female alcoholics. Those patients taking topiramate had reduced heavy drinking and showed better results with lowering cholesterol, body mass index, liver enzymes, and blood pressure than those taking the placebo. The study results were featured on Reuters, MSNBC, CBS, ABC, CNN, Fox News, USA Today, the Associated Press, and many other media outlets.
Johnson’s current research involves clinical trials and human laboratory studies, and includes neuroimaging and molecular genetics. He now incorporates neuroimaging evaluations into his drug interaction studies to identify the site-specific effects of abused drugs and to evaluate the effectiveness of potential medications for the treatment of addiction. Current studies include a clinical trial aimed at determining the effectiveness of ondansetron, a serotonin-3 antagonist, for the treatment of subtypes of alcoholics, as well as a human laboratory project trying to elucidate the effects of naltrexone and acamprosate on hepatic and renal function in alcohol-dependent individuals.
Selected bibliography.
h-index = 39 (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H-index and http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v436/n7053/full/436900a.html)
1. Johnson BA, Campling GM, Griffiths P, et al. (1993) Attenuation of some alcohol-induced mood changes and the desire to drink by 5-HT3 receptor blockade: a preliminary study in healthy male volunteers. Psychopharmacology 112, 142-144.
2. Johnson BA, Ait-Daoud N, Prihoda TJ. (2000) Combining ondansetron and naltrexone effectively treats biologically predisposed alcoholics: from hypotheses to preliminary clinical evidence. Alcohol Clin Exp Res 24, 737-742.
3. Johnson BA, Roache JD, Javors MA, et al. (2000) Ondansetron for reduction of drinking among biologically predisposed alcoholic patients: a randomized controlled trial. JAMA 284, 963-971.
4. Johnson BA, Ait-Daoud N, Bowden CL, et al. (2003) Oral topiramate for treatment of alcohol dependence: a randomised controlled trial. Lancet 361, 1677-1685.
5. Johnson BA, Ait-Daoud N, Akhtar FZ, et al. (2004) Oral topiramate reduces the consequences of drinking and improves the quality of life of alcohol-dependent individuals: a randomized controlled trial. Arch Gen Psychiatry 61, 905-912.
6. Anton RF, O’Malley SS, Ciraulo DA, Cisler RA, Couper D, Donovan DM, Gastfriend DR, Hosking JD, Johnson BA, et al. (2006) Combined pharmacotherapies and behavioral interventions for alcohol dependence: The COMBINE Study: a randomized controlled trial. JAMA 295, 2003-2017.
7. Johnson BA, Roache JD, Ait-Daoud N, et al. (2006) A preliminary randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of the safety and efficacy of ondansetron in the treatment of cocaine dependence. Drug Alcohol Depend 84, 256-263.
8. Johnson BA, Rosenthal N, Capece JA, et al. (2007) Topiramate for treating alcohol dependence: a randomized controlled trial. JAMA 298, 1641-1651.
9. Johnson BA (2008) Update on neuropharmacological treatments for alcoholism: scientific basis and clinical findings. Biochem Pharmacol 75, 34-56.
10. Johnson BA (2010). Medication treatment of different types of alcoholism. Am J Psychiatry 167, 630-639.
11. Johnson BA (Ed.) (2010) Addiction Medicine: Science and Practice, Springer Science+Business Media, New York.
12. Johnson BA, Ait-Daoud N, Seneviratne C, et al. (2011) Pharmacogenetic approach at the serotonin transporter gene as a method of reducing the severity of alcohol drinking. Am J Psychiatry 168, 265-275.

</doc>
<doc id="20258932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258932" title="Black Forest (disambiguation)">
Black Forest (disambiguation)

Black Forest may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20258936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258936" title="Bajić">
Bajić

Bajić is a South Slavic surname, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20258971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258971" title="Robert Broughton (cricketer)">
Robert Broughton (cricketer)

Robert John Porcher Broughton (born 11 July 1816 at Farnham, Surrey; died 15 June 1911 at Callipers Hall, Chipperfield, Hertfordshire) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1836 to 1864.
Robert Broughton was educated at Harrow and Clare College, Cambridge. Mainly associated with Cambridge University and Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), he made 26 known appearances in first-class matches. Broughton was an outstanding fielder who specialised at cover point. 

</doc>
<doc id="20258974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258974" title="All-Time Greatest Hits (Glen Campbell album)">
All-Time Greatest Hits (Glen Campbell album)

All-Time Greatest Hits is a 3 disc compilation album issued in 1993 by CEMA Special Markets, containing single A-sides released between 1966 and 1978. This album is notable because of the presence of several single-only releases that have not been widely available on CD: "Oklahoma Sunday Morning" (1971), "Manhattan Kansas" (1972), "Wherefore and Why" (1973) and "God Must Have Blessed America" (1977).
Track listing.
Disc 1:
Disc 2:
Disc 3:

</doc>
<doc id="20258977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258977" title="Journal of Economic Education">
Journal of Economic Education

The Journal of Economic Education (JEE) offers original peer-reviewed articles on teaching economics. The inaugural issue appeared in the fall of 1969. At the time, G.L. Bach (Stanford University) wrote in the "American Economic Review Papers and Proceedings" (1971) that the "JEE" was to be the forum for scholarly work in economic education, primarily at the undergraduate level in colleges and universities, but including junior colleges and, to some extent, the high schools. 
In the early days, the Council for Economic Education (then call the Joint Council and later the National Council) oversaw publication of the "JEE", and members of the American Economic Association Committee on Economic Education served as the editorial board, with Henry Villard (City University of New York) serving as editor. The Council for Economic Education assigned the "JEE" copyright and publishing responsibility to the nonprofit Heldref Publications in 1981. The Council, however, retained responsibility for appointing the editor and providing financial support to the editorial office.
In 1983, Donald Paden (University of Illinois) became editor when the "JEE" expanded to a quarterly publication. Kalman Goldberg (Bradley University) became editor in 1986. The editorial offices moved to Indiana University in 1989, when William Becker became editor. Late in 2009, William Walstad (University of Nebraska at Lincoln) became editor and Heldref sold the "JEE" to the for-profit Taylor & Francis Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20258983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258983" title="Frederick Smithwick">
Frederick Smithwick

Frederick Falkiner Standish Smithwick (1879–1962) was an Irish rugby international. He won two caps in 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="20258989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258989" title="Epistle (Quaker)">
Epistle (Quaker)

Quaker epistle: in the 17th century, the Quaker movement revived the Gospel use of the word "epistle" to mean an advisory or admonitory letter, sent to a group of people, sometimes termed a "general epistle". The text of a short epistle, written by Isaac Penington in 1667 is in .
The term is still in use for letters sent by Yearly Meetings in session to all other Yearly Meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="20259027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259027" title="John Houck">
John Houck

John Houck was born May 15, 1960 in Long Beach, California. He has designed more disc golf courses than anyone living today. Since 1983, he has been devoted to the evolution and promotion of disc sports, including golf, ultimate, and freestyle, with a focus on the growth of disc golf since 1988.
Career overview.
John Houck began his career in disc sports with back-to-back World Champion titles in Freestyle Frisbee for 1984 and 1985. In 1989 John founded the Circular Skies Over Texas tour, which was the largest regional disc sports tour in the country. He was Commissioner of the Professional Disc Golf Association from 1994 to 1996, and has been President of the Disc Golf Foundation since 1998. He was inducted to the Disc Golf Hall of Fame in 1998. John is the Head of Course Design for the International Disc Golf Center, and has designed or consulted on course designs for numerous world and national tournaments, with over 100 course designs, revisions, and consultations spanning his career. John Houck is also the Founder of the annual World's Biggest Disc Golf Weekend, WBDGW.com, an international public event that was started in May 1991. The event raises money for local, national and international non-profits while it introduces disc golf to people around the world. It is held the first weekend in May every year and is currently hosted by 130 cities around the world.
Houck is widely considered to be the number one course designer for disc golf based on both the quantity and quality of the courses he has designed. His philosophy for course design includes the showcasing of natural land features and beauty that is unique to each property.
Disc Golf courses.
The following disc golf courses have been wholly designed by John Houck:
Disc sports events.
PDGA Amateur World Doubles Championships.
Houck created and hosts the PDGA Amateur World Doubles Championships each year. In 2013, this event was held at Selah Ranch in Talco, Texas.
World's Biggest Disc Golf Weekend.
In 1991, Houck created World's Biggest Disc Golf Weekend, an international disc golfing event that raises money for non-profit organizations. As of 2013 the event was taking place simultaneously in 15 countries and 135 cities.
Texas Teams.
In November, 2011, the Circle R Disc Golf ranch hosted the Texas Teams Tournament with over 500 players and fans from across the state of Texas attending a three-day event that included disc golf, camping, party activities, and live music. Texas Teams Disc Golf Championships are non-sanctioned events and players compete for honor and not official titles. Special team awards for this event include the "spirit award" and the "best dressed team award". Created by Houck in 2000 to provide an event for players who share the love of the sport to simply enjoy the weekend with other disc golfers, the Texas Teams Tournament has become the largest disc golf team event in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20259028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259028" title="Master plan">
Master plan

Master plan may refer to:
In music:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="20259032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259032" title="The Children (2008 film)">
The Children (2008 film)

The Children is a 2008 British horror film directed by Tom Shankland and starring Eva Birthistle and Hannah Tointon.
Plot.
Casey (Hannah Tointon), a rebellious teenage girl, is travelling with her mother Elaine (Eva Birthistle), her stepfather Jonah (Stephen Campbell Moore), and her two younger half-siblings, Miranda (Eva Sayer) and Paulie (William Howes), to spend the New Year holiday at the secluded home of Elaine's sister, Chloe (Rachel Shelley). Chloe, her husband Robbie (Jeremy Sheffield), and their two young children, Nicky (Jake Hathaway) and Leah (Raffiella Brooks), welcome their visitors. Shortly after arriving, Paulie begins vomiting, which the adults believe is due to travel sickness.
As the night progresses, Nicky and Leah also begin to show symptoms of an illness. Leah's vomit has strange bacteria in it. As everyone goes to bed, the family cat, Jinxie, goes missing. By the next day, all of the children have become infected. At dinner, Miranda becomes violent, scratching Chloe and ruining the food. While Jonah tries to comfort Miranda upstairs, Robbie takes the rest of the children outside to play in the snow. Nicky places a garden rake in Robbie's path while he is sledging, which slices open Robbie's head on impact. The children scream, drawing the attention of Casey, Jonah, Elaine and Chloe. Elaine phones an ambulance, but Robbie quickly dies of his injuries. 
The children run into the woods, and Casey is sent to find them. She finds Leah giggling with a knife in her hand. Casey notices a pool of vomit on the ground and is convinced that the illness is causing violent bizarre behaviour. Meanwhile, Elaine forces the distraught Chloe into the house. She finds Robbie's body has gone from the yard. She searches for him, following a trail of blood into the children's play tent, but she is soon distracted by Paulie, apparently stuck on top of a climbing frame. While climbing up to him, she slips and breaks her leg. Casey returns and drags Elaine into a greenhouse. The children throw rocks through the glass. Hearing the chaos, Chloe rushes outside and heads toward the tent. Elaine warns Casey to stop Chloe. Casey doesn't reach her before Chloe enters the tent, where she finds Robbie disembowelled. Leah's doll is wedged into his abdominal cavity. Leah attacks the tent from outside with a knife. Casey attempts to rescue Chloe, but Chloe believes that Casey is attacking her and she flees into the house. Casey returns to the greenhouse and finds that Paulie is attacking Elaine. In the ensuing fight, Elaine kills Paulie.
Jonah helps Elaine and Casey back into the house, where Casey warns the adults about the children. Elaine is in shock and is unable to corroborate Casey's story. Jonah and Chloe blame Casey for the deaths. They leave to search for Leah and Nicky. Casey becomes suspicious that the ambulance has not yet arrived. She finds all the phones have gone missing. She ventures upstairs and encounters Miranda, who hisses aggressively at her. Casey struggles with Miranda. Jonah returns and assumes that Casey is attempting to kill Miranda. He locks Casey in a room, and leaves with Miranda in a car. Chloe finds Leah and Nicky in the woods, and the children kill her.
Elaine locks the front door of the house to prevent the children getting in. She climbs up the stairs to release Casey. As Elaine reaches the door, Leah and Nicky sneak into the house through the cat flap and corner her. Elaine realises she cannot kill the children. Casey breaks through the door and impales Nicky with a piece of wood. Leah escapes. Casey and Elaine escape the house in another car. They find Jonah's car has crashed into a tree. Casey exits the car and finds that Jonah has been thrown through the windscreen by the impact and is slowly dying. Miranda ambushes her. Elaine kills Miranda with the car. Casey begins vomiting. Other infected children appear. Elaine and Casey speed away from the scene. Meanwhile, Casey begins exhibiting signs that she also is infected.
Critical response.
The film opened to generally positive reviews from UK critics. "The Guardian" writer Phelim O'Neill said, "the violence is skilfully enough executed to make you think you see much more than you actually do and the fundamentally disturbing and creepy aspects about such random and unpredictable child-centric mayhem are always present, no matter how ludicrously intense and darkly humorous things get".
, review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives it a 79% approval rating based on 14 reviews.
Box office.
The film opened at no.10 in the UK, grossing only £98,205 at 132 cinemas. In the weeks after its release, the film dropped to no.13 and then again to no.22.

</doc>
<doc id="20259036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259036" title="Sextus Cocceius Vibianus">
Sextus Cocceius Vibianus

Sextus Cocceius Vibianus was a Roman Senator in 204. He was the son of Sextus Cocceius Severianus and grandson of Sextus Cocceius Severianus, Proconsul and Legate of Africa between 161 and 163, and wife Caesonia.
He married and had a daughter, who married Quintus Anicius Faustus Paulinus (born ca 180), Legate of Moesia Inferior between 229 and 230 or c. 230 to 232, and had issue.

</doc>
<doc id="20259037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259037" title="Robert Lang (cricketer)">
Robert Lang (cricketer)

Robert Lang (born 6 April 1840 at Jessore, India; died 23 March 1908 at Woodham Walter, Essex) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1860 to 1862 for Cambridge University. 
Lang was educated at Harrow, where he captained the cricket team in 1858 and 1859, and at Trinity College, Cambridge. He made 11 appearances in first-class matches: eight for Cambridge and three for the Gentlemen in the Gentlemen v Players series. 
By the standards of the day he was considered a "tremendously fast" bowler. In the 1860 match against Oxford University he took 1 for 9 and 5 for 10 to help Cambridge to victory, and in the 1862 match he took 5 for 4 and 4 for 31 in another victory.
Lang became a clergyman in the Church of England. He was clerical secretary of the Church Missionary Society from 1881 to 1892, and Vicar of Dinton, Buckinghamshire from 1892 to 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="20259042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259042" title="Pet Sitters International">
Pet Sitters International

Pet Sitters International (PSI) is the world's largest educational association for professional pet sitters. PSI represents more than 7,100 independent professional pet-sitting businesses in the United States, Canada and abroad.
PSI's focus is promoting, supporting and recognizing quality in pet sitting. The Association helps bring success to its members by providing products and services. PSI provides members with access to affordable bonding and liability insurance and educational resources such as PSI's Certification Program, "The Pet Sitter's World" magazine, and PSI's annual Quest convention.
In addition, PSI operates the Pet Sitter Locator, which is one of the most heavily used pet-sitter search tools in the industry and averages more than 30,000 searches per month.
PSI created Take Your Dog to Work Day in 1999. It is celebrated the Friday following Father’s Day.
PSI was established in 1994 by Patti Moran.

</doc>
<doc id="20259061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259061" title="Sextus Cocceius Severianus">
Sextus Cocceius Severianus

Sextus Cocceius Severianus was a Proconsul and Legate of Africa between 161 and 163.
He married Caesonia and had a son Sextus Cocceius Severianus, who married and had a son Sextus Cocceius Vibianus, Roman Senator in 204.

</doc>
<doc id="20259067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259067" title="Sound blimp">
Sound blimp

A Sound Blimp is a housing attached to a camera which reduces the sound caused by the shutter click, particularly SLRs. It is primarily used in film still photography, so as not to interfere with the shooting of principal photography, and also in other situations where sound is distracting: theatrical photography, surveillance, and wildlife photography.
It was invented by Irving Jacobson in the mid-1960s, and revolutionized film still photography by allowing stills to be taken during shooting, rather than after the fact.
Construction.
In construction, it is a rigid box, filled with foam, with holes for the lens and viewfinder, and switches so one can focus and release the shutter from the outside of the case.
One can make one using an existing camera case and a cable release; Pelican cases by Pelican Products are frequently mentioned.
A soft enclosure, the Camera Muzzle, is made by Sam Cranston; this is less effective than a hard enclosure, but significantly cheaper and easier to use; it is designed to be sufficient for most non-intrusive use, but not for demanding use such as film sets.
Nikon makes a leatherette soft camera case, the CS-13 (NIK446), which suppresses sound somewhat, but is designed primarily for the film advance of film cameras, and provides little effective suppression for digital cameras. A similar solution was Minolta's Insulation Case (6081-660, 43325-74196-8), primarily designed for film SLRs used at low temperatures, but also advertised to reduce camera sound.

</doc>
<doc id="20259068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259068" title="Robin Wright (rugby player)">
Robin Wright (rugby player)

Robert Aikin 'Robin' Wright (died 1955) was an Irish rugby international. He won one cap against Scotland in 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="20259072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259072" title="David Moss (musician)">
David Moss (musician)

David Moss (born January 21, 1949 in New York City) is an American composer, percussionist and self-taught vocalist, founder of the David Moss Dense Band; co-founder and artistic director of the "Institute for Living Voice", Antwerp. His performances are noted for their innovative style, multimedia approach and improvisation.
Biography.
Between 1963 and 1968 Moss studied percussion at Hartt College of Music and Hartford Symphony with Joe Porcaro, Al Lepak, Richard Lepore. In the following years he took percussion with Tanjore Ranganathan at Wesleyan University and composition with Bill Dixon at Bennington College.
From 1971 to 1973, Moss played percussion for the Bill Dixon Ensemble. In the early 1980s he played on the first album by the The Golden Palominos
Since his education has finished, he performed in many cities worldwide; in 1991 and 1992 he received Guggenheim and DAAD fellowships in Berlin. He has collaborated with artists including Heiner Goebbels, John Zorn, Tom Cora, Uri Caine, Anna Homler, Bill Laswell, Olga Neuwirth, Andrea Molino, Luciano Berio, Peter Machajdík, Maya Dunietz, Sir Simon Rattle, Radomir Mihajlović Smak, and many others.
Moss is fluent in Serbian.

</doc>
<doc id="20259078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259078" title="William Constable (cricketer)">
William Constable (cricketer)

William Constable (March 21, 1851 – January 31, 1894) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm round-arm bowler who played for Kent. He was born in Poplar and died in Rochester.
Constable made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1876 season, against Hampshire. Batting in the lower order, he scored a single run in the first innings in which he batted, and a duck in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20259088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259088" title="Handed (disambiguation)">
Handed (disambiguation)

Handed may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20259091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259091" title="Tracuit Hut">
Tracuit Hut

The Tracuit Hut () is a mountain hut of the Swiss Alpine Club, located above Zinal in the canton of Valais. The hut lies at an elevation of above sea level, at the Tracuit Pass, between Les Diablons and the Tête de Milon in the Pennine Alps.
The Tracuit Hut is the starting point for the ascents of Bishorn, Weisshorn and Les Diablons. The hut, lying on a ridge, is accessible to hikers by a trail from the west slopes. The Turtmann Glacier lies on the east side.

</doc>
<doc id="20259094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259094" title="Robert Turner King">
Robert Turner King

Robert Turner King (born 14 July 1824 at Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire; died 12 May 1884 at Bootle, Lancashire) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1846 to 1851.
Robert Turner King was educated at Emmanuel College, Cambridge. This fast-medium roundarm bowler was mainly associated with Cambridge University and Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), where he made 45 known appearances in first-class matches. He played for the Gentlemen in the Gentlemen v Players series. 
King subsequently became a clergyman.

</doc>
<doc id="20259107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259107" title="Albania under the Byzantine Empire">
Albania under the Byzantine Empire

In 395, the Roman Empire was permanently divided and the area that now constitutes modern Albania became part of the Byzantine Empire.
Antiquity.
After the region fell to the Romans in 168 BC, it became part of the province of Macedonia. The central portion of modern Albania was later split off as Epirus nova ("New Epirus"), while the southern remained under Epirus vetus and the northern parts belonged to Praevalitana.
Barbarian invasions.
In the first decades under Byzantine rule (until 461), Epirus nova suffered the devastation of raids by Visigoths, Huns, and Ostrogoths. In the 4th century barbarian tribes began to prey upon the Roman Empire. The Germanic Goths and Asiatic Huns were the first to arrive, invading in mid-century; the Avars attacked in 570; and the Slavic Serbs and Croats overran the region in the early 7th century. About fifty years later, the Bulgars conquered much of the Balkan Peninsula and extended their domain to the lowlands of what is now central Albania. In general, the invaders destroyed or weakened Roman and Byzantine cultural centers in the lands that would become Albania.
Middle Ages.
Church split.
Since the 1st and 2nd century, Christianity had become the established religion in most of the eastern Roman Empire, supplanting pagan polytheism. But, though the country was in the fold of Byzantium, Christians in the region remained under the jurisdiction of the Pope of Rome until 732. In that year the iconoclast Byzantine emperor Leo III the Isaurian, angered by archbishops of the region because they had supported Rome in the Iconoclastic Controversy, detached the church of the province from the Roman pope and placed it under the patriarch of Constantinople. When the Christian church split in 1054 between the East and Rome,the region of southern Albania retained its ties to Constantinople while the north reverted to the jurisdiction of Rome. This split marked the first significant religious fragmentation of the country.
Byzantine rule and conflicts with Western powers.
Later, in the early 9th century, the Byzantine government established the theme of Dyrrhachium, based in the city of the same name and covering most of the coast, while the interior was left under Slavic and later Bulgarian control. Full Byzantine control over modern Albania was established only after the Byzantine conquest of Bulgaria in the early 11th century.
In his "History" written in 1079-1080, Byzantine historian Michael Attaliates referred to the "Albanoi" as having taken part in a revolt against Constantinople in 1043 and to the "Arbanitai" as subjects of the duke of Dyrrachium. It is disputed, however, whether that refers to Albanians in an ethnic sense. In the late 11th and 12th centuries, the region played a crucial part in the Byzantine–Norman Wars; Dyrrhachium was the westernmost terminus of the "Via Egnatia", the main overland route to Constantinople, and was one of the main targets of the Normans (cf. Battle of Dyrrhachium (1081)). Towards the end of the 12th century, as Byzantine central authority weakened and rebellions and regionalist secessionism became more common, the region of Arbanon became an autonomous principality ruled by its own hereditary princes.
After the Fourth Crusade, the region came under the control of the Despotate of Epirus, but its control was never firm. Serbian influence began to be strongly felt at this time, as well as those of Venice and later of the Kingdom of Sicily, as both powers tried to gain control of coastal Albania for their purposes. 
In 1258, the Sicilians took possession of the island of Corfu and the Albanian coast, from Dyrrhachium to Valona and Buthrotum and as far inland as Berat. This foothold, reformed in 1272 as the "Kingdom of Albania", was intended by the dynamic Sicilian ruler, Charles of Anjou, to become the launchpad for an overland invasion of the Byzantine Empire. The Byzantines however managed to recover most of Albania by 1274, leaving only Valona and Dyrrhachium in Charles' hands. Finally, when Charles launched his much-delayed advance, it was stopped at the Siege of Berat in 1280–1281. Albania would remain largely under Byzantine control until the Byzantine civil war of 1341–1347, when it fell to the hands of the Serbian ruler Stephen Dushan and became part of the Serbian Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="20259118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259118" title="Denis of Cork">
Denis of Cork

Denis of Cork (foaled February 16, 2005 in Florida) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse, sired by Harlan's Holiday and out of the Unbridled mare, Unbridled Girl. Bred by Westbury Stables, he was purchased in the OBS August Yearling Sale in 2006 for $120,000, and then he was purchased a second time in the Barretts March Two-Year Olds In Training auction in 2007 for $250,000 by Mr. William K. & Mrs. Suzanne Warren, Jr.
Trained by David M. Carroll, to date Denis of Cork is best known for his third place finish in the 2008 Kentucky Derby and for his second place finish in the 2008 Belmont Stakes. The colt earned his first win in a Maiden Special Weight at a distance of 7 furlongs, winning by three-quarters of a length. He came five lengths off the lead turning for home, and built up enough strength to propel himself to the front so that he could fight with the front-runner. When they finished, there was a gap of 7½ lengths back to the third place finisher. He finished the race in a sharp time of 1:22.42.
He made his second appearance in an allowance race at Fair Grounds Race Course in New Orleans, Louisiana. The race was distanced at 1 mile and 40 yards, and he finished in front by a head.
In his third race, Denis of Cork won the one mile Grade III Southwest Stakes at Oaklawn Park Race Track in Hot Springs, Arkansas. Again, the colt gained momentum moving off the final turn, and won with a time of 1:37:89.
His fourth start, the Illinois Derby, was his first loss, where he finished 5th behind 1st place finisher Recapturetheglory. Despite this, his earnings were enough to score him a spot in the 2008 Kentucky Derby, where he finished 3rd behind champion colt, Big Brown, and the ill-fated filly, Eight Belles.
2008 Belmont Stakes.
Denis Of Cork skipped the Preakness Stakes so that he could return for the Belmont Stakes fresher than the horses who stuck with the Triple Crown trail. This paid off, as he finished 2nd behind the upset-winner, Da' Tara.
However, when Denis of Cork returned from the Belmont Stakes, it was discovered that the colt had suffered from a pre-condylar fracture in one of his hind ankles. After this was discovered, the colt was sidelined for the rest of the season.
Retirement.
Denis Of Cork spent the 2009 winter at Fair Grounds Race Course after being returned to his trainer when he had fully recovered from a strifle injury suffered in January 2009. He was expected to return to racing until a soft tissue injury was found after a breeze in early January 2010.
Denis of Cork was retired to stud at the Vinery near Summerfield, Florida for a fee of $2,500. Tom Ludt, Vinery president, explained his pleasure with the decision. “Denis of Cork showed a lot of class on the racetrack. He won three races, including a graded stakes, and placed in two classics in only six starts. He’s by a stallion who continues to prove himself, and we are very pleased to stand him.”

</doc>
<doc id="20259129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259129" title="Villiers Smith">
Villiers Smith

Villiers Shallet Charnock Smith (born 30 September 1821 at Plymouth, Devon; died 1 February 1871 at Rowley, Oxfordshire) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1844 to 1849.
A right-handed batsman who was mainly associated with Oxford University and Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), he made 14 known appearances in first-class matches. 
Smith's two middle names appear in some records with different spellings: the Bedfordshire County Council archives, which record his ownership of Aspley House in Aspley Guise, Bedfordshire, in the two years before his death have his names as "Villiers Shallot Chernocke Smith". On his election as "Actual Fellow" at New College, Oxford from Winchester College in 1843, "The Times" reported his name as "Villiers Chernocke Smith". A notice in "The Times" in 1869 in which he is cited as an executor in a will mentions him as "the Reverend Villiers Shallet Chernocke Smith, of Crawley Vicarage, near Woburn, in the county of Bedford".

</doc>
<doc id="20259145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259145" title="Peninsula Shield Force">
Peninsula Shield Force

The Peninsula Shield Force (or "Peninsula Shield") () is the military side of the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf (aka the Gulf Cooperation Council or GCC). It is intended to deter, and respond to, military aggression against any of the GCC member countries: Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.
Creation.
In 1984 Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) decided to create a joint military force of 10,000 soldiers divided into two brigades, called the Peninsula Shield Force, based in Saudi Arabia near the Kuwaiti and Iraqi borders. The PSF is composed of infantry, armor, artillery, and combat support elements from each of the GCC countries. In 1992, the Peninsula Shield Force was headed by a Saudi Arabian, based near King Khalid Military City at Hafar al Batin, and had one infantry brigade of 5,000 men from all the GCC member states. As of late 2006, the Peninsula Shield Force had 7,000 personnel and functioned as a joint intervention force to defend the joint border of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, and Iraq. In November 2006, the GCC Joint Defense Council considered a Saudi proposal to expand the capabilities of the Shield and to establish a joint command and control system.
In December 2007, Kuwait's National Security Council chief Shaikh Ahmed Fahad Al Ahmed Al Sabah announced that the GCC plans to create a replacement for the Peninsula Shield Force. He stated that "the GCC options would always be unified just as they were when leaders declared the establishment of a common market at the Doha Summit."
Leadership and structure.
, the Peninsula Shield Force is commanded by Major General Mutlaq Bin Salem al-Azima and has about 40,000 troops and continues to have its permanent base at King Khalid Military City near Hafar al Batin.
According to Peninsula Shield Force commander al-Azima, any intervention by the force must include participation from all GCC member states.
Use of the Shield.
1990–1991.
The Peninsula Shield Force was not sufficiently developed to be deployed in defence of Kuwait ahead of the invasion of Kuwait by Iraq in August 1990. A force of about 3,000 men from the PSF, in addition to forces of its member states, took part in the liberation of Kuwait in March 1991.
2003.
10,000 troops and two ships of PSF were deployed to Kuwait in February 2003 ahead of the Iraq War to protect Kuwait from potential Iraqi attacks. It did not participate in operations against Iraq.
Role in Bahraini uprising.
On 14 March 2011, Peninsula Shield forces, requested by the Bahraini government, entered Bahrain via the causeway from Saudi Arabia. Forces were from Saudi Arabia and the UAE. This was the first GCC deployment in relation to an internal threat. In late March, Peninsula Shield Force commander al-Azima stated that the role of the force in Bahrain is to "secure Bahrain's vital and strategically important military infrastructure from any foreign interference" and to protect Bahraini borders while Bahrain security forces are "preoccupied with internal security". He denied that the force caused any Bahraini citizen to "suffer so much as a scratch", and said that the force entered Bahrain "to bring goodness, peace, and love".
The 2011 Bahraini intervention involves about 10 percent of the Peninsula Shield Forces. Every military unit present in Bahrain includes soldiers from all six GCC member states. In October 2011 the Peninsula Shield announced its intention to sue “a number of satellite TV channels for propagating lies and allegations about the Peninsula Shield forces that entered Bahrain”. This followed persistent claims by these channels about the Gulf forces strafing demonstrators with warplanes and destroying mosques.
Frequent Saudi Arabian street protests in and near Qatif in mid to late March, originally calling for political prisoners to be released, extended to opposition to the Peninsula Shield Force's presence in Bahrain.
American urging of closer defense ties.
Chuck Hagel called for greater defense cooperation in the GCC, including block sales of American arms to the organization.
On 11 December 2013, the GCC announced the formation of a joint military command.

</doc>
<doc id="20259165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259165" title="Versa (Tanaro)">
Versa (Tanaro)

The Versa, a left tributary of the Tanaro, is a 35 kilometre torrent in the Province of Asti in north-west Italy. It is the river of the valley called Valle Versa. In 1836 the Versa was identified, along with the Rotaldo, the Grana, the Stura and the Gattola, as one of the five torrents of the still extant Province of Casale.
Its source is a little to the north of Cocconato near the border with the Province of Turin. After a generally southerly course of 35 km it enters the Tanaro just to the east of Asti.
This river is not to be confused with the Versa that is a tributary of the Po.

</doc>
<doc id="20259175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259175" title="Thibaudeau classification">
Thibaudeau classification

In typography, the Thibaudeau Classification is a way to group typefaces into four general families, according to shape and serif character. Invented in 1921 by the French typographer Francis Thibaudeau, it was expanded by Maximilien Vox in 1954, and again in 1962 by Association Typographique Internationale (ATypI) into the VOX-ATypI classification of 11 families. The Thibaudeau system is nevertheless still beneficial in that it is simple to comprehend. Thibaudeau later supplemented the classification by adding the category of the "Écritures" (for the scripts) and the "Fantaisies" (for the advertising or display typefaces).
Elzévirs.
This family contains typefaces with triangular serifs.
Examples: Garamond, Palatino, Times Roman
Didots.
This family groups typefaces with linear or hairline serifs. It generally corresponds to modern or Didone categories.
Examples: Didot, Bodoni, Baskerville
Égyptiennes.
This family contains slab serif typefaces, called Mechanistic in the Vox-ATypI classification.
Examples : Memphis, Rockwell
Antiques.
This is the sans serif family. In Vox-ATypI classification, this family corresponds to the Lineals .
Examples : Futura, Univers, Arial, Helvetica...

</doc>
<doc id="20259190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259190" title="Romano-Greek language">
Romano-Greek language

Romano-Greek (also referred to as Hellenoromani; ) is a nearly extinct mixed language (referred to as Para-Romani in Romani linguistics), spoken by the Romani people in Greece that arose from language contact between Romani speaking people and the Greek language. Typologically the language is structured on Greek with heavy lexical borrowing from Romani.

</doc>
<doc id="20259200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259200" title="Killer Bees (1974 film)">
Killer Bees (1974 film)

Killer Bees is a 1974 made for TV horror movie featuring Gloria Swanson that originally aired on ABC on February 26, 1974. The film, which was directed by Curtis Harrington, had a very small cast, including Kate Jackson, Craig Stevens, John Getz, and Edward Albert.
Plot.
Madame von Bohlen, a strong-willed woman and matriarch of her family, not only runs her family wine business, but she also has a mysterious power; she has psychic control over a swarm of "killer bees" that reside in her vineyard.

</doc>
<doc id="20259211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259211" title="Mohsin Iqbal">
Mohsin Iqbal

Mohsin Iqbal (born 30 September 1983) is an Indian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who plays for Jammu and Kashmir. He was born in Doda. Iqbal made a single appearance for Jammu and Kashmir Under-16s in 1999, and two seasons later, appeared twice for the Under-19s team. Iqbal made his debut first-class appearance for the senior team against Himachal Pradesh in November 2008. Iqbal has represented university of Bradford, England, UK as captain in the year 2006-2007 and has played for Westwood Cricket Club for one year in which he scored his maiden hundred against Buttershaw A. 

</doc>
<doc id="20259213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259213" title="Britannia Hut">
Britannia Hut

The Britannia Hut (German: "Britanniahütte") is a mountain hut of the Swiss Alpine Club, located south of Saas-Almagell in the canton of Valais. The hut lies at a height of 3,030 metres above sea level, at the foot of the Allalinhorn near the Allalin Glacier, in the Mischabel massif. It is a starting point for the ascents of Strahlhorn, Rimpfischhorn and Allalinhorn.
The hut is easily accessible from the Felskinn station via a trail on the Fee Glacier (1 hour).

</doc>
<doc id="20259236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259236" title="Family child care">
Family child care

Family child care is any provision for caring for children in the providers' own home.
United States.
In the United States, there has been a dramatic increase in mothers of young children entering the workforce. In 1940, 8.6% of mother's with children under the age of 18 worked outside of the house. (Bridgeman, 1989)1 According to the 1996 yearbook on "The State of America's Children" that number had risen to over 60%.2
There are several types of child care being utilized in the United States today. They can be broken down into roughly three main types: center based child care, family child care and nannies. Center based child care is generally in a public building that stands alone or is attached to a school or business. The children are usually grouped by age in classrooms. The adult to child ratio is higher than it would be in a family child care setting or if they were in their own home with a nanny. Most states regulate center based child care.
Family child care providers care for children in the providers' own home. The children are in a mixed age group with a low adult to child ratio. Care can be more personalized and individual. The hours may be more flexible and the provider may offer evening and weekend care for mothers who work second or third shift. The cost of care in a family child care is lower on average than that of a center.
Nannies care for the children in the child's home. The group is small, usually only the children from one family. The cost is higher than that charged by the centers or family child care providers. They are largely unregulated. Nannies may live in the family's home or they may come and go.
Child care facilities have the option of becoming accredited. This standard is set and regulated by an outside agency. In centers, NAEYC institutes it. For family child care providers, the National Association of Family Child Care Providers award the credentials.
Illinois.
In Illinois, the Department of Children and Family Services is the regulatory agency for child care. They are responsible for setting standards and licensing day care centers, homes, group homes and day care agencies in Illinois. As of 2007, Illinois had 2907 licensed day care centers, 10,051 licensed day care homes and 473 licensed group homes. The combined capacity for all settings is 295,000 with 70% of the slots available in day care centers.

</doc>
<doc id="20259273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259273" title="Nian Aster">
Nian Aster

Nian Aster is an American filmmaker. He was raised and educated in England. She worked as a journalist, environmentalist and award-winning poet, before moving to the United States to focus on a career in film.
Nian is co-president, along with screenwriter Duane Adler, of the company Hungry Yak Productions. With this company she wrote, produced and acted in the feature films God's Waiting List and Actual Images: the Valley Murder Tapes. The former, a drama starring Roger Guenveur Smith and Nicki Micheaux, won awards on the festival circuit; the latter, a horror/satire, marked her feature directorial debut. She also worked as a writer on PAX Network’s Chicken Soup for the Soul. Currently she is co-authoring a remake of the Korean hit Volcano High for Showscan Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="20259283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259283" title="Richard Mitchell (cricketer)">
Richard Mitchell (cricketer)

Richard Arthur Henry Mitchell (born 22 January 1843 at Enderby Hall, Leicester; died 19 April 1905 at Mayford House, Woking, Surrey) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1861 to 1883.
Life.
Richard Mitchell married Mary Henrietta Ley. Mitchell was educated at Eton College and played for the school team from 1858 to 1861, being captain in the latter year. After he left Oxford, he returned to Eton as a teacher from 1866 to 1901. Between 1866 and 1897 he was the principal adviser and coach of the school's cricket team. He was a member of the MCC Committee from 1902 until his death three years later. He was father of Sir Frank Mitchell.
Career.
Mitchell was a right-handed batsman, occasional wicket-keeper and right arm medium pace roundarm bowler. Mainly associated with Oxford University and Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), he made 57 known appearances in first-class matches. He played for the Gentlemen in the Gentlemen v Players series. He was regarded by Haygarth as one of the leading players of his era. After leaving Oxford, he usually was only seen in important cricket at the Canterbury Festival where he made 21 appearances up to 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="20259298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259298" title="Papyrus 110">
Papyrus 110

Papyrus 110 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by the symbol formula_1110, is a fragment of a manuscript (handwritten) copy of the Gospel of Matthew from the New Testament written on papyrus in Greek. The surviving text of Matthew consists of six verses—10:13-15 and 10:25-27—they are also in a fragmentary condition. The manuscript has been assigned an early 4th century date, palaeographically by the Institute for New Testament Textual Research (INTF). According to Comfort, formula_1110 might even have been composed as early as the 3rd century. 
The manuscript currently is housed in the Papyrology Rooms of the Sackler Library at Oxford University, with the shelf number P. Oxy. 4494.
Text.
The Greek text of this fragment (and its parent codex) is considered to be representative of the Alexandrian text-type. 
It has several unique readings in Matt 10:14.

</doc>
<doc id="20259308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259308" title="Halib Mentel">
Halib Mentel

Halib Mentel, also referred to as Halibmentel or Halimentel, is a village in Eritrea. It is located approximately east of the city of Keren.
Overview.
Halib Mentel mostly consists of round huts, known as Tukuls, and has a large Catholic church. The village is situated on the trackbed of the Eritrean Railway, between Asmara and Keren. This closed in 1975, though there are plans to re-open it.

</doc>
<doc id="20259327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259327" title="Elected (song)">
Elected (song)

"Elected" is a 1972 song by rock band Alice Cooper, from their 6th studio album "Billion Dollar Babies". As a single it reached #26 during election week on the US charts, #4 on the UK charts and #3 in Austria. It inspired one of the first MTV-style story-line promo videos ever made for a song.
The song was a radical re-write of their 1969 song "Reflected" from the album "Pretties for You".

</doc>
<doc id="20259330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259330" title="Giessen nappe">
Giessen nappe

The Giessen nappe () is a tectonic nappe in the southeastern part of the Rhenish Massif in western Germany. The nappe is an "alien" (allochthonous) unit in the Rhenohercynian zone of the Hercynian orogeny, it was thrusted over the usual slightly metamorphosed Devonian and Carboniferous sedimentary rocks in this zone.
The Giessen nappe is often correlated with the Harz nappe in the Harz and similar units in the Bohemian Massif in the Czech Republic. These units form the rare erosional leftovers of small microcontinents that were during the Hercynian orogeny squeezed between the paleocontinents Gondwana to the south and Laurussia to the north.
Outcrop area.
Giessen nappe outcrops cover about 300 km2 from the western edge of the Vogelsberg over Braunfels, Wetzlar and Gießen, almost to Marburg. The river Lahn flows along the northern part of the nappe until it crosses the nappe between Gießen and Wetzlar to continue flowing westwards to the Rhine.
Lithology and stratigraphy.
The Giessen nappe consists of a thin sequence of slightly metamorphosed Lower and Middle Devonian slates and radiolarites covered with Upper Devonian to Lower Carboniferous greywackes. At some spots along the base of the Giessen nappe alien tectonic slices of metabasalt occur. Chemical analysis of these rocks shows they were originally mid ocean ridge basalts. Especially the Upper Devonian to Lower Carboniferous greywackes are clearly different from the rocks of this age of the Rhenohercynian basin, that now form the footwall of the Giessen nappe. This difference in lithology led German geologist Franz Kossmat in 1927 to the conclusion that the Giessen nappe is an allochthonous unit.
The base thrust of the Giessen nappe consists of cataclasites, breccias and mylonites and forms a semi-horizontal thrust plane. Locally the thrust plane can be deformed by late stage folding and thrusting. Erosion has separated some small pieces of the nappe from the central mass, forming small klippes in the vicinity of Braunfels and Wetzlar. Internally, the rocks of the nappe are isoclinally folded and cut by shear zones.

</doc>
<doc id="20259343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259343" title="Wrangel's fleet">
Wrangel's fleet

Wrangel's Fleet, the last remnant of the Black Sea Fleet of the Imperial Russian Navy, existed from 1920 until 1924. This squadron was a "White" (anti-communist and counter-revolutionary) unit during the Russian Civil War. It was known also as the Russian Squadron (Русская Эскадра).
History.
In 1920 the last remnants of the former Denikin's forces were confined to the Crimean peninsula and commanded by Pyotr Nikolayevich Wrangel. In November 1920 the Bolsheviks captured the White position and the White forces evacuated to Turkey. The fleet was re-organised under the command of Rear Admiral Mikhail Alexandrovich Kedrov and was granted asylum by the French. The fleet moved to Bizerte in Tunisia by February 1921 and was interned there under the command of Rear Admiral Mikhail Berens. As well as the crews of the ships the Russian community included 4,500 civilian refugees.
The French Government recognised the Soviet Union in 1924 and gave ownership of the ships to the Soviets. 
A technical commission directed by Alexei Krylov arrived in Bizerte in December and found the warships unrepairable. The ships were sold as scrap metal by the Soviet government in Bizerte. Many of the sailors of the fleet settled in France as White Emigres.
References.
"In Russian Language"

</doc>
<doc id="20259348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259348" title="Terrafly">
Terrafly

TerraFly is a web-enabled system designed to aid in the visualization of spatial and remote sensed imagery.
TerraFly users visualize aerial photography, satellite imagery and various overlays, such as street names, roads, restaurants, services and demographic data. Users virtually "fly" over imagery via a web browser, without any software
to install or plug in.
Terrafly's tools include user-friendly geospatial querying, data drill-down, interfaces with real-time data suppliers,
demographic analysis, annotation, route dissemination via autopilots, customizable applications, production of aerial atlases and application programming interface (API) for web sites.
Media coverage.
The TerraFly project has been featured on TV news programs and worldwide press. It has been covered by the New York Times, USA Today, NPR, as well as Science and Nature journals. FOX News screened in July 2007 a worldwide broadcast on TerraFly assisting exiles in tracking their homeland property.

</doc>
<doc id="20259354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259354" title="Carlos Hidalgo">
Carlos Hidalgo

Carlos Hidalgo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20259362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259362" title="Alvin Eicoff">
Alvin Eicoff

Alvin Maurey Eicoff (June 8, 1921 – March 2, 2002) was widely recognized as a founder of direct response television (DRTV) advertising. He helped pioneer the use of “1-800” numbers on television, along with the phrase “or your money back”. Alvin was a proponent of short-form DRTV, which consisted of 120-second and 60-seconds commercials featuring a 1-800 number and a call to action. Alvin found his own advertising agency in 1959, A. Eicoff & Company, specializing in short-form DRTV. Due to his significant contributions and accomplishments in the direct response industry, he was elected to the Direct Marketing Association Hall of Fame and was elected as one of the 50 most influential people in television history by Advertising Age.

</doc>
<doc id="20259376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259376" title="Albert Blumberg">
Albert Blumberg

Albert E. Blumberg (1906 – October 8, 1997) was an American philosopher and political activist. He was an official of the Communist Party for several years before joining the Democratic Party as a district leader.
Early life.
Albert was born in Baltimore, Maryland, to a middle-class Litvak family. He graduated from Johns Hopkins University and then furthered his education by acquiring a master's degree from Yale, studying at the Sorbonne, and receiving a doctorate from the University of Vienna. While studying in Vienna he became attracted to the Vienna circle of Logical Positivists, founded by the German philosopher Moritz Schlick. 
Professional life.
Within philosophy Albert Blumberg was best known for having co-authored with Herbert Feigl a paper which appeared in the Journal of Philosophy entitled, "Logical Positivism: A New Movement In European Philosophy." For logical positivists the discipline of philosophy hinged on one task; to clarify the meanings of concepts and ideas, and what sort of statements really did have any "meaning" in the first place. There are only two distinctions of statements that have any meaning to logical positivists. The first involves necessary truths of logic, mathematics, and ordinary language. The second involves empirical propositions about the world around us that were not necessary truths, instead they are regarded as true with greater or lesser probability. In addition to being a student and professor of philosophy, Albert Blumberg also fought for economic and social reforms. In the year 1933 he joined the Maryland Communist Party where he served for four years as the chair of the Agitprop Committee.
Political activism.
In 1937 Blumberg resigned his faculty position at Johns Hopkins, publicly announced his party membership, and took on the created position of district administrative secretary for the Communist Party. Blumberg also ran for public office on several occasions, for example, Communist candidate for Mayor of Baltimore City, 1939. As well Blumberg was several times under suspicion by various governmental organizations for communist activities, becoming one of the first convicted under a provision of the 1940 Smith Act. During his senior years Blumberg remained politically active, although not in the communist party. He enjoyed somewhat more success as the Democratic Party district leader in Manhattan. He died at the age of 91 near his home in Manhattan, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20259386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259386" title="Desert Queen Mine">
Desert Queen Mine

The Desert Queen Mine was one of the more successful and long-lived mines of the high desert (Colorado Desert) in San Bernardino County, California. The abandoned mine is located in Joshua Tree National Park.
The mine is associated with Jim McHaney, a local cattle rustler, and Bill Keys, a noted rancher. The mine facilities are largely ruinous. The mine was not spectacularly successful but was sufficiently productive to remain in operation for nearly seventy-five years.
The mine itself consisted of several vertical and horizontal shafts, of which four vertical shafts, five inclined shafts, and ten horizontal adits remain. Tailings piles appear in several places, with quantities of machinery scattered about the site.
The mine was established by a man named James in the early 1890s. The rich ore initially found prompted local outlaw gang leader and cattle rustler Jim McHaney to take over the mine. McHaney sent two of his men, Charley Martin and a man named Myers, to demand the mine from James. James refused, and Martin shot and killed him with a gun borrowed from Myers, after forcing James to sign over the property. Martin was acquitted of murder charges on grounds of self-defense.
McHaney initially prospered but borrowed heavily to expand and fell behind on payments to the bank, ultimately losing the mine. The mine passed into the hands of William F. Keys around 1917, who operated the mine until 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="20259391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259391" title="1995 Thriftway ATP Championships – Singles">
1995 Thriftway ATP Championships – Singles

Michael Chang was the defending champion but Andre Agassi defeated him in the final 7–5, 6–2.

</doc>
<doc id="20259392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259392" title="Karaikal port">
Karaikal port

Karaikal Port Private Limited (KPPL), a private port developed by the Chennai based MARG Limited, became operational in April, 2009. The port is located on the Eastern coast of India in Karaikal around 300 km along the coast south of Chennai Port and around 360 km along the coast north of Tuticorin Port. The shoreline of the port is between 10° 50’56’’ N and 10° 49’44’’ N.
Karaikal Port project began with a Letter of Interest issued by Govt. of Pondicherry for development of a port at Karaikal in September 2005. MARG Ltd. signed the concession agreement in 2006 and work began in February, 2007. Phase 1 was envisaged to be operational in Aug 2009. Karaikal Port became operational in April 2009 when it received its first vessel. Phase 1 comprises 2 Panamax size berths capable of handling 5.2 million MT of cargo per annum. The port has received over 250 vessels since Commercial Operations and has handled over 5 million MT of various cargo.
KPPL has partners in Ocean Sparkle (marine operations) and PSTS (Stevedoring). Cargo evacuation is assisted by MARG Logistics, a sister concern of KPPL.
Current status.
So far the port has handled cargoes such as Coal, Pet coke, Raw sugar, Fertilizer, Cement, Project Cargo and construction materials. Containers and liquid cargo are soon to follow. On completion, the port will be capable of handling all types of cargo. Karaikal Port is also a hub for oil exploration activities and OSV/PSVs belonging to companies such a Hindustan Oil Exploration Company (HOEC)and Reliance Petroleum regularly call at the port.
Karaikal Port is a deep draft, all weather port. The current depth of 14.5 m allows for handling of Gearless Panamax size vessels (up to 80000 MT). The final depth of 41.5 m will allow cape size vessels (up to 120000 MT) to call at the port. The lagoon type basin protected by breakwaters allows operations all around the year.
Karaikal Port received its first Gearless Panamax vessel in November, 2009 and became the first Commercial port on Tamil Nadu coast to do so. The port also has the distinction of being the only private port to export cargo belonging to power equipment major Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (BHEL), which is a government agency.
The port obtained rail connectivity in January 2010 and its 3 railway sidings are connected to Trichy via Nagore. Karaikal Port regularly dispatches 4-5 rakes of coal as well as Fertilizer everyday.

</doc>
<doc id="20259395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259395" title="Voices in Conflict">
Voices in Conflict

In 2007, 16 students from Wilton High School, in Wilton, CT developed a show consisting of memoirs drawn from letter of soldiers serving in Iraq. The process started as a short play that would be put on for the student body and the community. The play was banned from the high school because it was deemed sensational and inappropriate.. Coverage of the controversy in the New York Times brought national attention to the play.
The Controversy.
The play, concerning the Iraq War, was shut down by The Principal and The Superintendent, who told the director and students they could not perform the play at the high school, as they deemed it "sensational and inappropriate." The superintendent later published a letter he wrote in the Wilton Bulletin, a local newspaper.
"All school programs need to serve a legitimate educational purpose. The Iraq war, of course, is an important, serious, complex, and critical topic for a high school to address…When the Theatre Arts teacher first broached the idea of a play honoring soldiers in Iraq, we supported exploring it with the understanding that there would be on-going communication between the teacher and administration. However, after seeing subsequent drafts, we have serious concerns.
The play has contained direct excerpts from a book, documentary films, letters to the newspapers, and web-sites…The scripts contains language that, while realistic, is graphic and violent. In addition, the format includes the student performers directly acting the part of the soldiers…In our view, this approach turns powerful material into a dramatic format that borders on being sensational and inappropriate. As a school, we have a responsibility to ensure that the Iraq war, the lives lost, and the sacrifices made by soldiers and their families are presented in the appropriate context and with appropriate support and guidance…We would like to work with the students to complete a script that fully addresses our concerns…We plan to work through this complicated situation together with the students and staff. I am optimistic that we will find an outcome that will be responsive to the concerns of all parties." 
Due in part to the high school's proximity to New York City and its theater activism, the controversy began to garner outside attention. The New York Times, Fox News, CBS, and ABC each provided coverage of the unfolding events.
The Play.
The play itself centers around varied narratives of the Iraq War. Student portrayed soldiers, Iraqis, and others whose lives had been altered by the conflict. Some students contacted the very soldiers they were portraying in order to interview them. US Marine Corporal Sean Huze, an infantryman, whose line ""Your purpose is to kill"," was removed from the "compromise" second draft of the script and Paul Rieckhoff, a soldier whose words were used in the play, were both interviewed. Lt. Rieckhoff attended a few of the performances after the play found an off-campus performance space.

</doc>
<doc id="20259396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259396" title="Hoard's Dairyman Farm">
Hoard's Dairyman Farm

The Hoard's Dairyman Farm was purchased in 1899 by W. D. Hoard, a former governor of Wisconsin and publisher of "Hoard's Dairyman" magazine. Hoard's primary motivation in operating the farm was to prove that alfalfa could be grown in northern climates. He demonstrated practical methods of growing, harvesting, and preserving the crop. He further showed that it could be used as a high-quality feed for dairy cattle. Today, alfalfa is a staple in dairy cattle rations nationwide.
The farm maintains the oldest continuously registered herd of Guernsey cattle in the country. For over a century, the herd was housed in the same barn that was purchased by Hoard in 1899. It was enlarged several times to a final capacity of eighty cows. In the summer of 2007, the herd was moved to a new, state of the art free-stall facility and expanded to 270 milking cows.
The farm is located in the Town of Koshkonong, Wisconsin, USA, just north of Fort Atkinson.

</doc>
<doc id="20259418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259418" title="Gaius Asinius Rufus">
Gaius Asinius Rufus

Gaius Asinius Rufus (ca 110 – aft. 136) was a notable in Lydia in 134 and 135 who became a Roman Senator in 136. He was probably the son of Gaius Asinius Frugi (b. ca 80), monet. of Phrygia between 98 and 116.
He married Julia, daughter of A. Julius Claudius Charax (ca 115 – aft. 147), granddaughter of G. Julius Lupus T. Vibius Varus Laevillus (ca 95 – aft. 132) and wife Julia Quadratilla (b. ca 100), and through her great-granddaughter of Gaius Julius Quadratus Bassus (ca 70 – 117), a romanized Galatian, Legate at Judaea between 102/103 and 104/105, Consul of Rome in 105 and Proconsul of Asia in 105, and wife Julia, Princess of Cilicia (b. ca 80).
They had the following issue: 

</doc>
<doc id="20259434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259434" title="Carlos Ramón Hidalgo">
Carlos Ramón Hidalgo

Carlos Ramón Hidalgo Ortega is an Ecuadorian footballer. He currently plays for Barcelona SC.

</doc>
<doc id="20259444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259444" title="John Joseph Bittner">
John Joseph Bittner

John Joseph Bittner (February 25, 1904 – December 14, 1961) was a geneticist and cancer biologist, who made many contributions on the genetics of breast cancer research, which were of value, not only in cancer research, but also in a variety of other biological investigations.
Biography.
Bittner was born in Meadville, Pennsylvania, on February 25, 1904, the son of the late Martin and Minnie Bittner. As a young man he was so proficient in baseball, basketball, and track that he received offers of athletic scholarships at several schools. He chose to attend St. Stephen's College (now Bard College) where he received a B.A. degree in 1925, with honors in biology. He taught at Donaldson Preparatory School, Ilchester, Maryland, for one year before beginning graduate work at the University of Michigan. While there he received his M.S. degree in 1929, and his Ph.D. in 1930. His Ph.D. thesis was entitled ""A Genetic Study of the Transplantation of Tumors Arising in Hybrid Mice"."
His work on the genetics of breast cancer in mice, begun during his graduate years at Michigan, was continued at the newly formed Roscoe B. Jackson Memorial Laboratory at Bar Harbor, Maine. The founding director of the lab was Clarence Cook Little, who had previously been the President of the University of Michigan. Thus, aware of Bittner’s research, Little offered him a position as a Research Associate at the Jackson Laboratory. In 1940 Bittner became the lab’s Assistant Director, where he remained until December 1942. After a fire at the Jackson Laboratory in 1947, Bittner was one of the main contributors of replacement mice because he still had the purebred mouse strains needed to continue their research.
In January 1943 he became the George Chase Christian Professor of Cancer Research and Director of the Division of Cancer Biology at the University of Minnesota. He held this appointment until his death, of a heart attack, on December 14, 1961. In addition, Bittner was a consultant for the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York for almost a decade prior to his death.
Cancer research.
By far, the greatest impact of Bittner’s contributions to cancer research was the discovery in 1936, while working at the Jackson Lab, that a cancerous agent, which he called a "milk factor", could be transmitted by cancerous mothers to young mice while nursing.
Bittner used two families of mice: in Family A, almost all the mice, across many generations, developed breast cancer; in Family B, cancer seldom occurred. He then took a number of newborn mice from Family A, away from their cancerous mothers, and set them to nurse with immune mothers in Family B. Next, Bittner took babies from the immune Family B and set them to nurse with cancerous mothers from Family A. The result was that the young mice switched their cancer tendencies. Three out of four mice, which came from healthy Family B, developed cancer and died of it, while those originally from Family A remained healthy. Bittner noted that something in mouse milk appeared to pass the disease along. In other words, nursing mice transmit this agent, or "Bittner virus," in their milk, which ultimately leads to tumors in their offspring.
In addition, Bittner felt that genetic and hormonal influences, along with the milk agent, contributed to the origin of cancer. In 1966, it was proven that Bittner’s "milk factor" was a virus that remained dormant during the early life of the young mouse but produced cancer when hormonal conditions were right in middle age. The Bittner virus is now known as the Mouse mammary tumor virus (MMTV), a retrovirus. (see Timeline of Discovery 1936 under Oncovirus).
In 1947-48, Bittner was president of the American Association for Cancer Research and was a member of their Board of Directors from 1945 to 1951. He also served on the Editorial Advisory Board of "Cancer Research" from 1941-1957.
Throughout his career, Bittner served on numerous committees dealing with cancer research. During the summer of 1947, he was a member of the Medical Teaching Mission to Austria, sponsored by the Unitarian Service Committee, of the World Health Organization to "promote international exchange of medical and scientific knowledge."
Bittner authored, or co-authored, over 240 papers on cancer research, and contributed chapters to several books. He lectured widely in this country and abroad and attended many national and international meetings.
Honors.
Bittner received many awards, citations, and medals during his career. The most notable include the following:
References.
Rader. Karen A. Making Mice Standardizing Animals For American Biomedical Research 1900-1955 Princeton University Press (2004)
Time Magazine articles:

</doc>
<doc id="20259456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259456" title="Dentistry in Canada">
Dentistry in Canada

The practice of dentistry in Canada is overseen by the National Dental Examining Board of Canada (NDEB) in conjunction with other agencies, such as The Commission on Dental Accreditation of Canada and The Royal College of Dentists of Canada. Although ultimate licensure is the responsibility of individual provinces and territories, dentists must be certified on the federal level as well. Unlike medicine, dentistry is not funded by the government in Canada. There are roughly 16,000 practicing dentists in Canada.
Licensure.
Graduation from an Accredited Program.
The first step in practicing dentistry in Canada is graduating from an accredited dental degree program in Canada, Australia, or the United States. By reciprocal agreement, programs that are accredited by the Commission on Dental Accreditation of Canada are recognized by both the Commission on Dental Accreditation of the American Dental Association and the Australian Dental Council, and vice versa. There are ten approved dental schools in Canada:
NDEB Examination.
Candidates seeking to practice dentistry in Canada must successfully complete the three-part examination administered by the National Dental Examining Board of Canada (NDEB). Dental students at accredited Canadian and American dental schools are permitted to take the examination no earlier than 3 months prior to graduation, which usually means the March of their graduating year. Upon successful completion of the exam, the NDEB issues a certificate to the candidate.
Provincial Licensure.
Although being licenced at the federal level is a requirement to practice in Canada, individual provinces and territories regulate the practice of dentistry in their jurisdictions. Several provinces require applicants to complete a Jurisprudence and Ethics examination which tests knowledge related to local laws, ethics, and regulation of the profession.
Specialty Examination.
Dentists who have completed specialty training and wish to practice as specialists must successfully complete the National Dental Specialty Examination (NDSE) administered by the Royal College of Dentists of Canada (RCDC). The RCDC was established by an Act of the Federal Government of Canada in 1965 to promote high standards of specialization in the dental profession and to recognize properly trained dental specialists. This is accomplished through examinations created specifically for each dental specialty. Successful completion of the RCDC specialty examination may lead to Fellowship in the College and the use of the designation FRCD(C). The RCDC administers an examination for 9 specialties:
The RCDC also offers an Examination in Dental Sciences to dentists who possess a dental degree and who have undertaken a minimum of two consecutive years of advanced training, which ideally culminates with the awarding of an M.Sc. or Ph.D. degree. A Fellowship in Dental Sciences does not create a specialist in a field already recognized as a specialty by the College, nor does it create a new sub-specialty.
Foreign-Trained Dentists.
As of January 1, 2011, graduates of non-accredited dental programs must successfully complete an accredited Qualifying or Degree Completion Program OR the NDEB Equivalency Process prior to being eligible to take the NDEB Written and OSCE Examinations. 
The Equivalency Process provides an alternate route to certification as a dentist in Canada for graduates of non-accredited dental programs and is also integrated with the admission process for the Qualifying and Degree Completion Programs. The Equivalency Process consists of three Assessments. Successful completion of the Assessments allows individuals to participate in the NDEB Written and OSCE Examinations. Canadian Faculties of Dentistry will also use results of select Assessments in the admission process for Qualifying and Degree Completion Programs. 
The Association of Canadian Faculties of Dentistry facilitates graduates of non-accredited dental programs in becoming licensed practitioners in Canada by providing the Eligibility Examination/Prior Learning Assessment (PLA) for general dentists and the Dental Specialty Core Knowledge Examination (DSCKE) for graduates of specialty programs. The Eligibility Examination is currently an admissions requirement used by dental education institutions that provide a Qualifying Program or a Degree Completion Program for general dentists.The last Eligibility Examination will be administered in February 2010. After this date, the PLA will replace the Eligibility Examination as the requirement for entry into these programs. The DSCKE is used to facilitate the admission process for entry into Dental Specialty Assessment and Training Programs offered at various Canadian faculties of dentistry.
Provincial Regulation.
Every province and territory has a local Dental Regulatory Authority that oversees the practice of dentistry. In addition to a Dental Regulatory Authority, each jurisdiction also has a dental association. Membership in the provincial/territorial and national dental associations may be a necessary component of licensure. In other provinces, membership in a dental association is voluntary. 
Dental Economics.
Although famous for its state administrated system of medicine, Canada does not currently have a government-funded dental system such as Medicaid in the U.S. Traditionally, dental care is paid for by individual patients or through private and/or employer-sponsored insurance plans.
References.
NDEB
Royal College of Dentists of Canada
Canadian Dental Association
Association of Canadian Faculties of Dentistry

</doc>
<doc id="20259461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259461" title="Moccasin Stakes">
Moccasin Stakes

The Moccasin Stakes is a Thoroughbred horse race run at Hollywood Park Racetrack located in Inglewood, California. A race for two-year-old fillies, the ungraded event is set late in the year at a distance of 7 furlongs on the Cushion track. Named after Moccasin, the only two-year-old filly to be named American Horse of the Year, the race offers a purse of $100,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20259462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259462" title="Jean-Claude Frécon">
Jean-Claude Frécon

Jean-Claude Frécon (born 3 September 1944) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Loire department, and has served in the Congress of the Council of Europe since 1994, of which he is the current President of Chamber of Local Authorities (elected in 2010)in the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities of the Council of Europe having served as a Vice-President in Congress since 2002 and as President of the Congress French Delegation since 2004. 
He is a member of the French Socialist Party.
Congressional Profile.
Jean-Claude Frécon is the Vice-President of the Group of independent experts on the European Charter of local self-government, and as a result was the Congress spokesman in June 1998 on “finances and responsibilities of local administration in Europe” and in June 2000 on “ financial resources of local administration, responsibilities and the principle of subsidiarity”.
He is the Congress Spokesman on: Azerbaijan, "The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia", Romania, the financial situation of local administration in Germany and general Spokesman for the European Forum of local democracy in Kiev (2009).
He has been an elections observer in the following countries:
He has been instrumental in missions in Sarajevo for the preparation of elections, in Morocco for the implementation of decentralisation and for monitoring missions in Albania, Armenia, Belarus, Croatia, Georgia, Montenegro, Russia, Slovenia, Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="20259466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259466" title="Nuno Marçal">
Nuno Marçal

Nuno Ricardo Oliveira Marçal (born Campanhã, 14 November 1975) is a Portuguese basketball player. He plays as a forward.
He first played at FC Porto, from 1992/93 to 1998/99, moving then to Fuenlabrada, in Spain, for 1999/00. He returned to FC Porto, where he played from 2000/01 to 2002/03. Marçal was assigned to Oliveirense, for 2003/04, moving to Spain after that, where he went to represent Murcia (2004/05) and Huelva (2005/06). Marçal is now playing again at FC Porto, since 2006/07.
One of the best Portuguese basketball players, he is a regular at Portugal, counting currently 66 caps. He missed the EuroBasket 2007, due to an injury. He played again at the EuroBasket 2009 qualifiers.

</doc>
<doc id="20259474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259474" title="Gaius Asinius Frugi">
Gaius Asinius Frugi

Gaius Asinius Frugi (b. ca 80), was the monet. of Phrygia between 98 and 116. He was probably a descendant of Nicomachus (ca 30 BC - aft. 1 BC), a notable of Lydia in 1 BC.
He married and probably was the father of Gaius Asinius Rufus (ca 110 - aft. 136), who was also a notable in Lydia in 134 and 135 and became a Roman Senator in 136, and who married Julia, daughter of A. Julius Claudius Charax (ca 115 - aft. 147), granddaughter of G. Julius Lupus T. Vibius Varus Laevillus (ca 95 - aft. 132) and wife Julia Quadratilla and through her great-granddaughter of Gaius Julius Quadratus Bassus a romanized Galatian, Legate at Judaea between 102/103 and 104/105, Consul of Rome in 105 and Proconsul of Asia in 105, and wife Julia, Princess of Cilicia and had issue.

</doc>
<doc id="20259476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259476" title="Christian Gaudin (politician)">
Christian Gaudin (politician)

Christian Gaudin (born 13 January 1950) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Maine-et-Loire department. He is a member of the Centrist Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20259484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259484" title="Ryan House and Lost Horse Well">
Ryan House and Lost Horse Well

The Ryan House and Lost Horse Well is a historic district in Joshua Tree National Park, California, United States. It was established by the Ryan family, the later developers of the Lost Horse Mine, which became the most profitable mine in the area. The Lost Horse Well at the Ryan Ranch supplied water to the Lost Horse Mine, 3 miles south and 750' higher, by pipeline.
The six-room house was built as an adobe residence in 1896 with later wood frame additions. It was destroyed by fire August 12, 1978. Originally roughly 30 feet by 40 feet, the ruin has 3 rooms, each measuring 12 feet wide and 16 feet long. Adobe walls sit on stone masonry foundation, and there are concrete stoops on the north and south sides. There is a small stone fireplace located on the east side of the house.

</doc>
<doc id="20259490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259490" title="Millennium (Disc Golf)">
Millennium (Disc Golf)

Millennium Golf Discs was founded in 1995 by John Houck and Harold Duvall to produce discs for disc golf. In 2008, Millennium became a subsidiary of Circular Productions, LLC under the leadership of the original co-founder John Houck. The company does not own any retail outlets but is a worldwide manufacturer of the original premium golf discs. Millennium Golf Discs home office is in Austin, Texas.
Products.
Their Sirius Orion Long Fade Driver and Sirius Orion Long Straight Driver are the only matched drivers in premium plastic offered industry-wide. While other manufacturers like Innova, Discraft, and Wham-O offer golf discs, they do not offer a Premium Long Range Driver pair like Millennium.
Publicity.
Team Millennium is a team of professional disc golf players that compete in tournaments world-wide and championship titles around the world. Mark Steddom, a Team Millennium member, won his second straight World Champion Title in the Advanced Grand Masters in 2008. Leslie Brinster, another player won the A-Tier Pro Women Champion Title at the Eric Yetter Memorial Tournament. Mike Olse, won 4 #1 Titles in Texas in 2008 and was 28th in the World Championships.
Millennium annually hosts the World's Biggest Disc Golf Weekend, a worldwide event that introduces people to disc golf and helps to spread interest in the sport while it raises money for non-profit charities worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20259492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259492" title="Charles Gautier">
Charles Gautier

Charles Gautier (born 25 January 1945) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Loire-Atlantique department. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20259500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259500" title="Samia Ghali">
Samia Ghali

Samia Ghali (born 10 June 1968) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Bouches-du-Rhône department. She is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20259505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259505" title="Jean-Pierre Godefroy">
Jean-Pierre Godefroy

Jean-Pierre Godefroy (born 23 September 1944) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Manche department. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20259513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259513" title="Nathalie Goulet">
Nathalie Goulet

Nathalie Goulet (born 24 May 1958) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Orne department. She is a member of the Centrist Union, of the commission of Foreign Affairs and Defense Forces. In the Senate, she supports the cause of Palestinian and Azerbaijanese refugees, and criticizes the repression of opponents in Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="20259520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259520" title="Jacqueline Gourault">
Jacqueline Gourault

Jacqueline Gourault ( ; born 20 November 1950) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Loir-et-Cher department. She is a member of the Centrist Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20259534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259534" title="Jean-Noël Guérini">
Jean-Noël Guérini

Jean-Noël Guérini (born 1 January 1951, Calenzana, Corsica) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Bouches-du-Rhône department since 1998. He is the president of the General council ("conseil général") of Bouches-du-Rhône since 1998 and member of the municipal council of Marseille since 1977.
He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20259536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259536" title="Grace Diaz">
Grace Diaz

Grace Diaz (born 1957) is an American politician who is a Democratic State Representative from Rhode Island representing District 11 in the city of Providence, Rhode Island. She was the first Dominican-American woman elected to state office in the history of the United States of America. 
Diaz is an alumna of Springfield College in Massachusetts. She is also the vice-chair of the Rhode Island Democratic Party.
References and links.
"State Representative Grace Diaz"
"Diaz Appointed Vice-Chair of RI Democratic Party
"Grace Diaz Campaign Site"
"Grace Diaz Biography"
"Grace Diaz Wins Extraordinary Woman Award"

</doc>
<doc id="20259544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259544" title="Claude Haut">
Claude Haut

Claude Haut (born 22 December 1944) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Vaucluse department. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20259552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259552" title="Odette Herviaux">
Odette Herviaux

Odette Herviaux (born 6 January 1948) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Morbihan department. She is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20259562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259562" title="Carbon Copy (software)">
Carbon Copy (software)

Carbon Copy was an early remote control and file transfer software for DOS and Windows published by Microcom. It allowed remote access to a computer via dial-up modem connection. For additional security, the software could be configured in a call-back mode so that after it received an incoming call, it would hang up and call back a predetermined number and then start the remote control session. The computer to be controlled was called the host, and the controlling computer was called the guest.
The software also had file transfer and chat capabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20259563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259563" title="Annie Jarraud-Vergnolle">
Annie Jarraud-Vergnolle

Annie Jarraud-Vergnolle (born 7 February 1948) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department. She is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20259568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259568" title="Henry I. Kowalsky">
Henry I. Kowalsky

Colonel Henry I. Kowalsky (August 16, 1859 - November 28, 1914) was a notable San Francisco defense attorney. Notably, he was employed by King Leopold II of Belgium as a lobbyist to the US government in favor of the Congo Free State. Kowalsky was known as "Colonel" without having ever been in the military. He earned the designation when he was appointed to, and served as, the Judge Advocate General for California Governor R.W. Waterman.
Biography.
The fourth son of Levi and Fannie Kowalsky, Henry was born in Buffalo, New York on August 16, 1859. His family moved to San Francisco, California in 1866 to join his father who had been living in different areas around the state. The young Henry attended Lincoln Grammar School in San Francisco until his graduation in 1874. His early attempt at business was short lived, selling his paper delivery route after only a few days of operation while still in school.
He became the editor of a monthly magazine, originally called Our Boys Monthly Magazine, called Field and Fireside. Kowalsky's magazine became a success and he was praised for the his leadership of the publication. It was discontinued, and he moved to Tomales, a small town in Marin County, California, and began working as a store clerk for his brother, Edward H. Kowalsky in 1872. Leaving the store in 1877, he and his brother became members of the United States Election Map Co., along with Henry C. Donnell and Charles S. Israel.
King Leopold II Controversy.
Kowalsky sought out the friendship of the Belgian heir apparent, Prince Albert, during one of the Prince's trips to the United States. Through this friendship, Kowalsky was introduced to King Leopold II in December 1904.
King Leopold II was working to thwart negative press he was receiving in the United States, in regards to atrocities being committed in his personally owned Congo Free State. He needed someone with connections to the people who would shape the policy of the United States. The King hired Kowalsky with an annual retainer of 100,000 francs (over $2 million US in 2013 dollars). It seems however, that this new position raised the ire of Congo state officials already working in the US. After several months, Kowalsky gave them the ammunition they needed in order to work to remove him: getting into a fist fight with a creditor in open court. A year after signing it, the King let Kowalsky's hefty contract expire, embarrassing Kowalsky. He beseeched the King to reinstate it. As Kowalsky was becoming a burden, and an embarrassment to the Congo state, the King paid him off, reinstating the contract and adding an additional 125,000 francs to go away quietly.
The payoff backfired, and for a week after December 10, 1906, newspapers across the country detailed the correspondence between Kowalsky, King Leopold II, and the Congo state. This was a dreadful turn of events for the King, leading directly to joint efforts between the United States and Great Britain to end his one-man rule in the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="20259573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259573" title="Claude Jeannerot">
Claude Jeannerot

Claude Jeannerot (born April 10, 1945) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Doubs department. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20259579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259579" title="Jean-Jacques Jégou">
Jean-Jacques Jégou

Jean-Jacques Jégou (born March 24, 1945) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Val-de-Marne department. He is a member of the Centrist Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20259583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259583" title="Ts–ch merger">
Ts–ch merger

In phonology, the ts–ch merger is the merger of the voiceless alveolar affricate and the voiceless postalveolar affricate.
In Russian language it is the merger of the consonants rendered by letters Che and Tse. If the shift is towards Tse, it is called tsokanye (цоканье); the shift towards Che is called chokanye (чоканье).
In Polish language the cz->c merger is part of a more general dialectal feature called "Mazurzenie", after the dialect of Mazovia. It also occurs in a few areas of the Chakavian dialect of Croatian, known as "tsakavism".
The "sabesdiker losn" feature of Northeastern Yiddish includes the ch->ts merger.

</doc>
<doc id="20259589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259589" title="Joseph Kergueris">
Joseph Kergueris

Joseph Kergueris (born 2 October 1938) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Morbihan department. He is a member of the Centrist Union.
Biography.
Joseph Kergueris began his political career as mayor of Landévant in 1971. Known for his skills in conference management as member of the Union for French Democracy (UDF), Kergueris was elected senator in 23 September 2001, representing the Morbihan Department.
In 2004, he was elected president of the Morbihan County Council, succeeding Jean-Charles Cavaillé, president since 1998.
Former member of the UDF, he stressed non-affiliation with the Democratic Movement1. He belonged to the pilot committee of Gather the Centrists, a club ran by his senate colleague Jean Arthuis, which became part of the Centrist Alliance in 2009.
References.
1. Une partie du MoDem se rapproche du Nouveau Centre, Laurent de Boissieu, La Croix, 8 avril 2008, page 8

</doc>
<doc id="20259632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259632" title="Bariza Khiari">
Bariza Khiari

Bariza Khiari (born 3 September 1946) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the city of Paris. She is a member of the Socialist Party. She is married and has three children. She has also been a knight of the French National Order of Merit since 2001.
She received her diploma in advanced studies and a "Master of Business Administration" from the Institut d'administration des entreprises of the University of Paris in 1981.
At the professional level Bariza Khiari was, until March 2004, regional delegate for tourism in the Ile-de-France and a departmental delegate of national education from Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20259649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259649" title="Jörgen (disambiguation)">
Jörgen (disambiguation)

Jörgen is a town in Austria
Jörgen, a Scandinavian name for George, may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20259650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259650" title="Yves Krattinger">
Yves Krattinger

Yves Krattinger (born 5 November 1948) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Haute-Saône department. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20259651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259651" title="Wanstead and Woodford Guardian">
Wanstead and Woodford Guardian

The Wanstead and Woodford Guardian is a local paper sold every Thursday in the London Borough of Redbridge. The paper is printed by Newsquest who also print papers covering the neighbouring areas - the Waltham Forest Guardian and the Epping Forest Guardian - along with dozens of local and regional papers across the UK.
The offices for the Wanstead and Woodford Guardian are in Epping.

</doc>
<doc id="20259655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259655" title="Philippe Labeyrie">
Philippe Labeyrie

Philippe Labeyrie (born 29 April 1938) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Landes department. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20259661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259661" title="Dozois Reservoir">
Dozois Reservoir

The Dozois Reservoir () is a man-made lake in central Quebec, Canada. It is fully within the unorganized territory of Réservoir-Dozois and the La Vérendrye Wildlife Reserve.
Dozois Reservoir, located about 10 kilometers west of Cabonga Reservoir and about 15 km east of Great Victoria Lake, is fed by the Chochocouane, Capitachouane, and Ottawa Rivers. It is accessible directly off Quebec Route 117.
History.
In 1949, construction of the Bourque Dam began on the Ottawa River, forming Dozois Reservoir. The rising waters flooded numerous smaller lakes, including Lake Soulier, Déléage Bay, and Lake Dozois. The reservoir took its name from Lake Dozois, which in turn was named after Nazaire-Servule Dozois (1859-1932), missionary in Témiscamingue and Assistant General of the Oblates from 1904 to 1932. The name Lake Dozois has been in use since circa 1913, when it replaced "Birch Lake" which appeared on the map of Quebec in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="20259662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259662" title="Dom Hut">
Dom Hut

The Dom Hut () is a mountain hut of the Swiss Alpine Club, located above Randa in the canton of Valais. The hut lies on the western sloped of the Dom, at a height of 2,940 m above sea level, near the bottom of the Festigletscher glacier in the Pennine Alps.
The Dom Hut is mainly used as the starting point of the normal route of the Dom. A trail leads to the hut from Randa, crossing the Europaweg near the Europa Hut, and climbs further to the Festigletscher (3,200 m).

</doc>
<doc id="20259666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259666" title="Françoise Laborde">
Françoise Laborde

Françoise Laborde (born 8 July 1958) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Haute Garonne département. She is a member of the Radical Party of the Left.

</doc>
<doc id="20259680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259680" title="Serge Lagauche">
Serge Lagauche

Serge Lagauche (born 2 January 1940) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Val-de-Marne department. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20259698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259698" title="Joseph Bertin">
Joseph Bertin

Captain Joseph Bertin (1690s – c. 1736) was one of the first authors to write about the game of chess. David Hooper and Kenneth Whyld in "The Oxford Companion to Chess" call his book "The Noble Game of Chess" "the first worthwhile chess book in the English language". B. Goulding Brown, writing in the December 1932 "British Chess Magazine", called it the first original English chess book.
Bertin was a Huguenot born at Castelmoron-sur-Lot in the 1690s. He came to England as a youth, became a naturalized citizen in 1713, and married in 1719. In 1726, he joined a line regiment serving in the West Indies. He was later promoted to the rank of Captain, and ultimately was released from the Army as an invalid. In 1735 he published a small volume entitled "The Noble Game of Chess". In the same year, he was recommissioned in a Regiment of Invalids and, according to Hooper and Whyld, "In all probability he died soon afterwards."
"The Noble Game of Chess" was sold only at Slaughter's Coffee House. It contained opening analysis and useful advice about the middlegame, and laid down 19 rules for chess play. Most of them are still useful today. Some examples:
Bertin attached great value to maintaining White's first-move advantage. The book also contained 26 games, with each variation analyzed being treated as a separate game. They were divided into "gambets" and "the close-game".
Problem.
At left is a chess problem from page 54 of Bertin's book. White wins with 1.Qd7+! Kxd7 2.Nbc5+ Kd8 3.Ne6+ Kd7 4.Nac5+ dxc5 5.Nxc5+ Ke8 6.Ne6+ Kd7 7.Ba4+ Bc6 8.Bxc6+ Kxe6 9.d5#.

</doc>
<doc id="20259699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259699" title="Françoise Laurent-Perrigot">
Françoise Laurent-Perrigot

Françoise Laurent-Perrigot (born 27 February 1950) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Gard department. She is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20259705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259705" title="Karsten Thormaehlen">
Karsten Thormaehlen

Karsten Thormaehlen (born 1965, Bad Kreuznach, Germany) is a German photographer. He works in Frankfurt.
Life and work.
Karsten Thormaehlen studied Philosophy, Art History and Design in Mainz and Wiesbaden. Between 1993 and 1998 he worked as an Art Director in New York City, where he developed advertising campaigns for luxury brands and met well-known photographers like Peter Lindbergh, Fabrizio Ferri, Nathanial Goldberg, Pamela Hanson or Patrick Demarchelier. His work received several awards and is displayed in international fashion and architecture magazines. Some of his fine art photography is part of private art collections in Europe, Asia, America or Australia and has been sold to raise money for charities.
Besides many German CEOs he also photographed many international well-established artists, designers, athletes and architects such as Nick Bollettieri, Sir Norman Foster, Djimon Hounsou, Heidi Klum, Diane Kruger, Alan Parker, Tobias Rehberger, Isabella Rossellini, Luc Tuymans. Among his commercial clients are companies like BMW, BNP Paribas, Bosch, JPMorgan, Messe Frankfurt, LufthansaWorldShop, Stihl, Symrise and Villeroy & Boch.
His freelance exhibition projects, installations of large format portraits, "Jahrhundertmensch" (English translation, "Happy at One Hundred") (2008), of 100 year old men and women, and "Silver Heroes" (2009), of old age athletes, are travelling through Austria, Switzerland and Germany.
Karsten Thormaehlen is a member of the prestigious professional association BFF Stuttgart and Fotografie Forum International.
Thormaehlen's "Erika E., born in 1910" was chosen for exhibition by the National Portrait Gallery in London as part of the 2011 Taylor Wessing Photographic Portrait Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="20259709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259709" title="Mazurzenie">
Mazurzenie

Mazurzenie () or mazuration is the replacement or merger of Polish's series of retroflex fricatives and affricates (written sz, ż, cz, dż) into the alveolar series (written s, z, c, dz). This merger is present in many dialects, but is named for the Masovian dialect.
This phonological feature is observed in dialects of Masuria and Masovia (Masovian dialect), as well as in most of Lesser Poland and parts of Silesia, and on the periphery of Greater Poland (mainly Mazurzy wieleńscy). The boundary of "mazurzenie" runs from north-east to south-west. It may have originated between the 14th and 16th centuries in the Masovian dialect.
A similar phenomenon, Tsokanye, has been observed in the Old Novgorod dialect of Old East Slavic. It also occurs in a few areas of the Chakavian dialect of Croatian, known as "tsakavism". In the Polish and Kashubian dialects there are also other similar phenomena, "jabłonkowanie" (in the dialects of some Silesian Górale) and "kaszubienie" (in many variants of Kashubian).

</doc>
<doc id="20259721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259721" title="Claudine Lepage">
Claudine Lepage

Claudine Lepage (born 10 August 1949) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the constituency of French citizens living abroad. She is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20259730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259730" title="Philippe Leroy (politician)">
Philippe Leroy (politician)

Philippe Leroy (born 3 February 1940) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Moselle department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20259767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259767" title="Gandhinagar 2nd Street">
Gandhinagar 2nd Street

Gandhinagar 2nd Street is a 1986 Malayalam film directed by Sathyan Anthikad, starring Mohanlal, Seema, Karthika, Srinivasan, Thilakan, Innocent, Sukumari, and KPAC Lalitha. Mammootty makes a cameo appearance. The film was later remade in Tamil as "Annanagar Mudhal Theru" starring Sathyaraj, Radha and Janagaraj, with Prabhu in a cameo appearance and in Telugu as "Gandhinagar Rendo Veedhi" with Rajendra Prasad, Jayasudha.
Plot.
Madhavan (Sreenivasan) is trying to get a job for his unemployed friend Sethu (Mohanlal). When a spate of robberies takes place in a middle-class neighbourhood, Madhavan has Sethu pose as Raam Singh, a Nepali emigre, to fulfill the residents' need for a Gorkha security guard. A police officer (Thilakan) and his daughter (Karthika) move into the neighbourhood, bringing back memories from the past for Sethu.

</doc>
<doc id="20259772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259772" title="Gattola">
Gattola

The Gattola is a stream of the Basso Monferrato in north-west Italy, a left tributary of the Rotaldo. In 1836 it was of sufficient importance to be listed in the "Dizionario geografico, storico, statistico, commerciale degli stati di S.M. il re di Sardegna" as one of the five principal torrents of the still-extant Province of Casale; the others – significantly more substantial water courses – were the Rotaldo, the Grana, the Stura and the Versa.
From its sources in the region of Ozzano Monferrato it passes through San Giorgio Monferrato and Casale Monferrato before joining the Rotaldo near Valmacca. Shortly afterwards the Rotaldo itself enters the Po near Bozzole.

</doc>
<doc id="20259782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259782" title="Guilin University of Technology">
Guilin University of Technology

Guilin University of Technology is situated in the city Guilin in Guangxi, China.
Courses.
-Chinese Language Training Courses
Undergraduate courses.
BA. Accounting
BA. Administrative Management
BA. Advertising
BA. Animation
BA. Art Design
BA. Business Management
BA. E-Commerce
BA. English Language
BA. Human Resources Management
BA. Information Management and Information Systems
BA. Japanese Language
BA. Marketing
BA. Project Management
BA. Tourism Management
BEc. International Trade and Economics
BEng. Architecture
BEng. Automation
BEng. Bio-engineering
BEng. Chemical Engineering and Technology
BEng. Civil Engineering
BEng. Communications Engineering
BEng. Computer Science and Technology
BEng. Electronic Information Engineering
BEng. Environmental Engineering
BEng. Hydrographic and Resources Engineering
BEng. Industrial Design
BEng. Inorganic and Non-metallic Materials Engineering
BEng. Jewelry and Materials Technology
BEng. Macromolecular Materials and Engineering
BEng. Mechanic Manufacture & Automation
BEng. Prospecting and Engineering
BEng. Resource Exploration Engineering
BEng. Survey Engineering
BEng. Urban Planning
BEng. Water Supply and Drainage Engineering
BSc. Applied Chemistry
BSc. Applied Physics
BSc. Electronic Information Science and Technology
BSc. Environmental Science
BSc. Forestry Resources Protection and Leisure
BSc. Geographic Information Systems
BSc. Geology
BSc. Geophysics
BSc. Information and Computing Science
BSc. Materials Chemistry
BSc. Resources Environment and Urban and Regional Planning Management
BSc. Statistics
LLB. Social Work
Postgraduate Courses.
Master of Business Administration
MA. Business Management
MA. English Language and Applied Linguistics 
MA. Tourism Management 
MEc. Industrial Economics
MEc. Statistics
MEng. Applied Chemistry
MEng. Cartography and Geographic Information Engineering 
MEng. Chemistry Techniques
MEng. Computer Applications Technology
MEng. Environmental Engineering
MEng. Environmental Science
MEng. Geodetics and Survey Engineering
MEng. Geologic Engineering
MEng. Geotechnical Engineering 
MEng. Hydrography and Water Resources 
MEng. Materials Physics and Chemistry
MEng. Materials Processing Engineering 
MEng. Materials Science 
MEng. Mineral Exploration and Survey 
MEng. Monitoring Technology and Automatic Equipment 
MEng. Municipal Engineering 
MEng. Natural Calamity Precaution and Protection 
MEng. Structural Geology 
MEng. Structural Engineering
MEng. Terrestrial and Information Technology 
MEng. Urban Planning
ML. Chinese Ethnic Economics 
ML. Ideological and Political Education 
ML. Principle Theory of Marxism 
MSc. Analytical Chemistry
MSc. Geochemistry 
MSc. Macromolecular Chemistry and Physics 
MSc. Metallurgy
MSc. Mineralogy 
MSc. Paleontology and Stratigraphy 
MSc. Petrology 
MSc. Quaternary Geology

</doc>
<doc id="20259783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259783" title="List of railway stations in Brandenburg">
List of railway stations in Brandenburg

This list covers all passenger railway stations and halts in Brandenburg that are used by scheduled and seasonal traffic.
Description.
The list is organised as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20259797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259797" title="O Beijo do Vampiro">
O Beijo do Vampiro

O Beijo do Vampiro () is a Brazillian telenovela originally aired in Rede Globo.
Plot.
In the 12th century, the vampire Bóris Vladescu falls in love with Cecília, a beautiful princess betrothed to Count Rogério. Bóris, jealous of their love, fights Rogério in front of the princess in the castle and defenestrates him. Later he kills Cecília's parents and brothers. Depressed after losing her beloved husband and family and forced to marry a vampire, Cecília commits suicide by throwing herself from the same tower where Rogério died. 
Almost 800 years later, Bóris has a son with Marie, an English woman who dies in childbirth. In the Maramures city hospital, Bóris to protect his son from his wife Mina d' Montmatre, hides him by switching him with another baby - the son of Lívia and Bobby, the reincarnations of Cecília and Rogério, respectively. The years pass and his son, Zeca grows up as one of Lívia's children. Her true son, Renato was left in an orphanage and becomes homeless, and also befriends Zeca and his brothers Tetê and Júnior. Zeca lives a normal as ordinary boy until his vampiric instincts become more evident at the age of 13. Bóris is awakened from his slumber along with Mina, and they need to take Zeca as quickly as possible because Bóris need an heir, or their family will die and Bóris will be considered responsible. Also, Bobby dies in airplane crash caused by Bóris.
Other characters that enrich the plot. Augusto, a district attorney, feuds with Armando, because he wants to preserve a historical monument while Armando wants to demolish it to build a shopping center. Augusto also has feelings for Lívia, but she only thinks of him as friend. Galileo is a clumsy but kind-hearted vampire hunter who belongs to a great line of vampire-hunters. His son, Bartô is bitten by Mina's servant Amélie and begins dating her. Galileo falls in love with Zoroastra, Lívia's mother, who is secretly a witch fighting the local vampires. Martha, Augusto's sister-in-law, is blinded by a car accident that killed her sister; she becomes an evil stepmother to Augusto's children. Later, she is bitten by Bóris, becoming his vampire bride. The vampiric duo terrorize the city.
Bóris come to Maramures, under the name Igor Pivomar (his surname "Pivomar" is an anagram of "Vampiro", which is Portuguese for "Vampire"), a businessman who owns the licensing of everything related to vampires. He possess the body of Rodrigo, a mysterious and lonely man seeking Lívia's attention, initiating a complex battle between Bóris, Rodrigo and Augusto for the love of Lívia. During his stay in Maramures, he turn a criminal called Godzilla into a vampire and his loyal servant.
In the middle of this conflict, Lara, a sultry and sexy woman who doesn't accept being left over from Rodrigo becomes Lívia's enemy. She is bitten and turned into a vampire by Bóris' second in command Victor Victorio, who secretly plots to take over his position in the vampire society. Bóris' son, Zeca becomes a "good vampire" who never attacks people and he falls in love with Augusto's daughter, Liz, and is tempted to bite her and therefore turn her into a vampire.
Meanwhile, Lara meets Count Dracula and become his concubine, enraging her former lover Victor, who turned her. Galileo, who was trying to vanquish Victor, infiltrates his domain and stakes Count Dracula, thinking he has destroyed Victor. Lara seduces and bites Armando, who becomes a vampire.
Rodrigo develops a relationship with Mina, impregnating her with his daughter, who grows quickly to adolescence. She is Pandora, a dhampir, half-human, half-vampire and everybody thinks she is Bóris' daughter, not Rodrigo's. Near the end of the series, a master vampire called Nosferatu, comes to Maramures to destroy Bóris and take his position in the vampire society. The conflict splits the vampire society in half. Martha and Victor betray Bóris and team-up
with Nosferatu, while Godzila, Bartô, and Rodrigo choose to remain loyal. Zeca is the only vampire who chooses to protect the humans. In the final battle, Martha and Victor are destroyed by Bóris, but Nosferatu mortally wounds Rodrigo, Godzilla and Bóris. Zeca destroy Nosferatu with help of the angel Ezequiel. 
However, Bóris dies in Zeca's arms and his death lifts the curse on the vampires turned by him. Zeca becomes human again along with Godzilla, Bartô, Lara, and Armando. To save, Rodrigo's life, Mina bites him, turning him into a vampire, and together they take Pandora, Amélie and Petra Van Petra to "live" in Transylvania. After the end, it is revealed Bóris has survived his death.
Characters.
Protagonists.
An almost thousand year-old vampire master and antagonist. He is a dark, seductive, elegant and somewhat clumsy at the same time cold, cruel and malevolent. Before the beginning of the series, he fall in love with Princess Cecília but she doesn't recipocrate his feelings for her and in anger, he kill Cecília's husband, Count Rogério but in her sorrow she commits suicide rather than marry a vampire. Her death still haunts him. Several centuries, later he marries several woman in order to create an heir to his legacy since he is already tired of his position. He has a baby son with another vampire who dies in childbirth, who he hides from his jealous wife Mina d' Montmatre and switches him with another baby and he is raised as the son of Lívia and Bobby.
Bóris is an exceptionally powerful vampire, having been one of the oldest and he claims he cannot even remember how he started. He has superhuman strength, can mesmerize anyone with his eyes, can teleport to great distances, has control over animals, can summon a fiery sword to fight his enemies, can erase people's memories, and has led armies over the centuries. Bóris can shapeshift into a cloud of bats, a giant wolf, and mist. Bóris can control weather and curse other vampires by erasing their fangs, but he is also capable of possessing anyone, however while in somebody else's body, his original body becomes helpless. In the beginning, he was unlikable and harsh, considered the antagonist, but his relationship with the humans and the other characters soften his personality and he becomes more compromising, understandable, and altruistically. He desires Lívia more than anyone and wants to turn her into his vampire bride. Bóris bears a strong resemblance to Barnabas Collins from the TV Series Dark Shadows. 
Bóris' teenage son and also a vampire. His true name is Attila Vladesco. He is son of Bóris and his vampire wife Marie but she died and in order to protect him and get close to Lívia, he switched him with Lívia's true son and he was raised as one of her children. When reaching the age of 13, he becomes one of the undead as the heir of Bóris, however because of his loving personality, he doesn't become evil as his father expected much to his chagrin and turns into a sort of "good vampire". When learning of each other, Jackie hates Bóris for making him what he is and is distrustful of him because he knows Bóris want Zeca's adopted mother Lívia, but as series progress, Zeca learns to love his father and admire his good personality traits, but still defies him.
Zeca never drinks blood or attacks humans but he has no problem when he uses his vampire powers to impress anyone. He has super strength, can shapeshift to a bat or a wolf, can control his own shadow, can teleport, has telepathy and know some few tricks but still his powers are not even a match to his father, but at one point he banished Martha Morta to Hell for a time before she return a little bit pissed after a few seconds. He is even blessed by the angel Ezekiel, he can withstand sunlight without harm and enter churches or blessed houses. He is perhaps the only vampire who doesn't exhibit the evil behavior of other vampires in the series. Zeca has romantic feelings for a human girl called Liz and is afraid if she finds out about him, when Bóris suggested to turn her in a vampire, Zeca becomes disgusted and angry, and refuses to let that happen.
In the final battle, Zeca helps his father who was mortally wounded by Nosferatu, and with the angel Ezekiel's help, they destroy Nosferatu. Zeca takes his father to his crypt, and weeps as he dies in his arms. Zeca tells his father he loved him so much, giving peace to Bóris in his death. Boris told Zeca, with his death, the vampiric power to sustain Zeca would be gone and he would become human. In the end, Zeca resumed his new life with his family to live happily after. His fate is unknown, because it is revealed Bóris survived his death, and is unknown if Zeca will return to being a vampire. 
The main protagonist of the show, she is a woman living in Maramures and the reincarnation of Princess Cecília, the old love of Bóris Vladescu. She has her son Renat, taken away from her without her knowledge and raise Bóris' son, Jackie as one of her own. She becomes a widow when her husband dies, who also were the reincarnation of the princess' husband, ironically both of them died at the hands of Bóris Vladesco, directly or not. Her children are Zeca, Tetê e Júnior, but is revealed later in the series Zeca is a vampire and real son of Bóris named Atilla Vladesco, and her real son, Renat, grew up in the orphanage until he became a homeless in the streets but he was found by Zeca, who become his friend and later revealed to her, he was her true son.
Lívia has a complex relationship with Bóris Vladescu, because in beginning, he under the alias of Igor Pivomar, saw him as a stranger in her life. Bóris than take over Rodrigo's body to have a chance with Lívia and they date for a time until Bóris could no longer stay much time in his human body. When she comes to learn the vampire existence and Bóris being the head vampire "and" Igor Pivomar, she tries to stay away from him and come to hate and despise him for her husband's death. Over three occasions, Bóris tried to bite and turn her, failed in all. In the first, he was interrupted by the angel Ezekiel, the second by Augusto, and in the third, he was interrupted by Princess Cecília's spirit herself, explaining to her she was saved by angels at last second before hitting the ground. Lívia comes to respect Bóris when he becomes more benevolent and before the final battle against the forces of dark, he bids "Goodbye" and tells her he would love her in death, as he loved her in life and undeath. In response, she says "Goodbye, my darling".
Lívia begun dating district attorney Augusto and marries him at the end of the series. During the final battle, she uses a heavenly dart to destroy Martha Morta and she protects the people from the evil vampires. After the battle, she confronts Zeca about Bóris' death. She reunite Renato with her children, marries Augusto and they have a happy life together. 
A holy warrior with divine powers and antagonist to Bóris Vladesco. He disguises himself as one of the citizens of Maramures, and it is also revealed he was the vampire hunter trying to protect Princess Cecília, now reincarnated as Ezequiel. He is kind and gentle, preferring to not fight the vampire and offering the chance of retreat before fighting. Ezequiel sees the people in black, white and shades of gray. He can teleport, control fire, is a skilled swordsman and can heal other people and bless them. He forms a friendship with Zeca knowing he is not enemy despite being his rival's son and even helps him withstand sunlight and blessed objects. Ezequiel clashes several times with Bóris but he cannot defeat him. In the final chapter, he fights Nosferatu and kill him with help of Zeca. With the vampires destroyed or retreated to the darkness, he return to Heaven having finish his job on Earth. 
A district attorney and one of the main protagonists of the series. He is trying to protect the historical monument of Maramures. He is also in love with Lívia. At first, he is skeptical about the vampires' existence in the city until he witnesses a vampire attack at his house.
Antagonists.
The initial antagonist of the series, she was a French actress bitten by Bóris Vladescu, who became his vampire wife. Unfortunately, she could not give him children so Bóris abandoned her. His next vampire wife, Márie, died giving birth to his son Atilla Vladescu, later know to be as "Zeca". She tried to kill the baby, but Bóris staked her and hid the baby. Mina tried to kill Zeca several times, but he was much stronger than her.
In the middle of the series, Mina had a relationship with the human Rodrigo, and become pregnant by him telling everyone it was Bóris' child. When Mina gave birth to a baby girl, she disappeared for a long time, to return with her daughter Pandora, now a teenager. When Rodrigo is mortally wounded in the battle against Nosferatu's forces, she turns him into a vampire and they both live together and forever.
The final antagonist appearing near the end is a master vampire much like Bóris. Despite his name, he is not associated with Count Orlok from the movie of same name but he bears a strong resemblance to Count Dracula in his aged form in the initial chapters. He wants to destroy Bóris so he can take over his title and then raise an army of vampires to turn Maramures in a Necropolis. He destroys Galileo, and convinces several vampires to join his cause, igniting the final battle between good and evil. He orders the hotel the humans used as stronghold burned and one by one the vampires loyal to him perish, until he confronts Bóris. In a sign of defiance, Bóris throws away his weapons and allows himself to be mortally wounded by Nosferatu. Zeca challenged Nosferatu. Empowered by the angel Ezekiel's holy power, Zeca banishs him permanently to Hell.
Augusto' sister-in-law was blinded by a car accident that killed her sister and left her nephew handicapped. She abandoned their house and lived with Bóris Vladescu, who turned her into his vampire wife. She becomes more mean to everyone including Bóris, who regrets biting her. Eventually she is cursed several times by him, zipping her mouth shut and taking away her fangs. She betrays Bóris and becomes Nosferatu's lover, joining his cause of destroying Bóris Vladescu, but she is destroyed in a confrontation with Lívia. Her name actually is Portuguese for "Dead Martha".
Rodrigo's seductive ex-girlfriend, she comes to Maramures to reassure he belongs to her. Heart-broken, she meets the vampire Victor, and asks him to bite her. He obeys and turns her into a vampire. She is sexually attractive and seductive, but at the same time she is treacherous and predatory. She always switches sides to her own benefit, even becoming Count Dracula's personal concubine. Due to Victor's destruction, she becomes once again human. 
A vampire, he is Bóris' right-hand man. Despite his position, Victor is not loyal to Bóris and is tries to overthrow him in secret. He turns Lara into a vampire and they become lovers, but she leaves him to be Count Dracula's lover and he in turn stalking Ciça, visiting her in her sleep, ravishing her and drink her blood, which cause her to fade until she dies, rather than become a vampire. Victor sided with Nosferatu, in part as revenge against Bóris and in the final battle, he mortally wounds Godzilla and is destroyed by Bóris.
Supporting humans.
A clumsy, absent-minded and lousy vampire hunter. His ancestor tried to destroy Bóris and Mina d'Montmartre decades ago, but they frightened him to death. Galileo belongs to the Van Burguer family, a lineage of vampire-slayers bent on destroying Bóris' house. His son Bartô is skeptical about their legacy and doesn't believe in vampires. Unfortunately, Bóris' ex-wife Mina d'Montmartre and her servant Amélie attack Bartô and turn him into a vampire but still, Galileo spares his son out of affection. Galileo is incompetent when it comes to vampire-hunting. His attempts annoy Bóris and Mina because he always misses the stake in their heart and he has a poor aim when he fires silver bullets at them. Despite his incompetence, he proves to be capable of destroying (unintentionally) Count Dracula by staking him in the heart, however he was trying to destroy Victor Victorio at the time, not Dracula.
Galileo is destroyed by Nosferatu, who incinerates him. His remains are kept inside an urn and after his death, he becomes a ghost haunting Nosferatu and appearing to Zoroastra in visions. In the end, he joins Zoroastra's spirit in Heaven. 
His name is derived from Galileo Galilei, and his family name is a joke with the Belmont family from the popular video game series Castlevania, known for also fighting against evil.
Supporting Vampires.
Mina and Rodrigo's hybrid daughter, she is dhampir for her father being human and her mother a vampire, but she is described as always a vampire. She is heard inside of her mother's womb, and only make a real appearance as a baby during the labor only to disappear without a trace, along with Mina. She reappears, now as beautiful and attractive teenage girl having aged at accelerated rate until adolescence where she would hit immortality. She has a romantic relationship with Jackie, but he insist in have a fraternal-relationship with her and he is also attracted to a human girl. Unlike the other vampires, Pandora is very girly and cheerful, and not necessarily evil and cruel.
The character Pandora was created when Cláudia Raia, the actress who played Mina, become pregnant at the time of the running series, and she had to take license to have her baby, then the author Antônio Calmon had the idea of creating a relationship between Mina and Rodrigo which would result in Pandora. 
Galileo's only son, he is hardcore punk-like vampire, who was turned by Mina in order to regain her beauty. This event crush his father Galileo, who is a vampire-hunter, but he lets his son lives out of mercy. Bart is quite extroverted and joking person, but not an evil vampire, in matter of fact, Bart is exceptionally coward and fearful, rarely engage in battle unless if come to protect his father or his lover Amélie, but occasionally run when he alone is in danger. In the end of the series, he is turned back into a human due to Bóris' power sustaining his vampiric energy gone with his death. His fate is unknown as Bóris survived his destruction, is left unclear if he will remain human or return to be vampire.
Mina's vampire servant. She is quite sissy and devilish, speaking with an evil tone of voice. She is loyal to Mina and Bóris and is dating Bart Van Burger after his turning at the fangs of Mina.
A robber who tried to assault Bóris when he came to Maramures, but he turned Godzilla into a vampire upon calling Bóris a "good-blood" and Bóris replied before bitting him, "I like that, 'good blood'".
Godzilla becomes loyal to Bóris alone as his chauffer, butler and personal security man. Normally, Bóris ask Godzilla how he must curse the other vampires, and Godzilla suggest by a very bizarre ways, such as taking away their fangs, blinding them like bats and turning them in talking stone statues. Godzilla never did something to anger Bóris, and always will obey his master. When Bóris is destroyed at end of the series, Godzilla becomes human again, without the vampiric energy sustained by Bóris' power. His fate is unknown as he choose to make a more, but is show as Bóris survived his death, it is unknown if he will become a vampire again though it is likely that he will.
A female vampire doctor turned by Mina several centuries ago, she becomes her close friend and helps her when she discovers Mina is pregnant by human. Petra becomes Godzilla's lover and even offer her own neck for him to give the Vampire Kiss, but he becomes allergic with her perfume. Petra helps Mina give birth to her child and keeps the secret about the child' real father.
The best known vampire in the media, he once was Vlad Tepes (Dracula the Impaler) and he was so evil that he became a vampire. He traveled to Maramures and meet the vampiress Lara, falling in love with her and began a relationship with her, turning Lara into his own personal concubine. He sleeps in Victor's coffin and Galileo, determined to kill Victor, stakes Dracula to death. thinking he was Victor.
Soundtrack.
National.
Capa: Alexandre Borges
International.
Capa: Cláudia Raia
Complementar - Vampiromania.
Capa: Logo novel

</doc>
<doc id="20259801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259801" title="Text Template Transformation Toolkit">
Text Template Transformation Toolkit

Microsoft's Text Template Transformation Toolkit (usually referred to as "T4") is a template based text generation framework included with Visual Studio. T4 source files are usually denoted by the file extension ".tt".
T4 is used by developers as part of an application or tool framework to automate the creation of text files with a variety of parameters. These text files can ultimately be any text format, such as code (for example C#), XML, HTML or XAML.
T4 uses a custom template format which can contain .NET code and string literals in it, this is parsed by the T4 command line tool into .NET code, compiled and executed. The output of the executed code is the text file generated by the template. T4 can also be completely run within the .NET applications via the use of the TextTransformation class which eliminates the need for the end user to have Visual Studio installed.
T4 is used within Microsoft in ASP.NET MVC for the creation of the views and controllers, ADO.NET Entity Framework for entity generation, and ASP.NET Dynamic Data. It is also used outside of Microsoft in projects such as SubSonic
T4 templating is also supported in MonoDevelop.
Criticism.
Microsoft has often been criticized for the lack of tooling support for T4 within the Visual Studio IDE, and relies on third parties namely Tangible Engineering and Clarius Consulting, however later revisions have included better tooling support.

</doc>
<doc id="20259812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259812" title="William Dawson (college president)">
William Dawson (college president)

Reverend William Dawson (1704?–1752) was the second president of The College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia. A graduate of the Queen's College at Oxford University, Dawson ran the College from 1743–1752. He is also the brother of Thomas Dawson, who was the fourth president of William & Mary (1755–1760).
Dawson was also an Anglican clergyman, a rector at the Jamestown Parish, a commissary of the Bishop of London, a moral philosophy professor at William and Mary, a poet, a chaplain of the House of Burgesses, and a member of the Governor's Council.
Reverend Dawson is the namesake for Dawson Hall in the Bryan Complex at William & Mary.
Dawson married 1st, Mary Stith, a granddaughter of John Stith and William Randolph. He was the grandfather of Congressman William Johnston Dawson.

</doc>
<doc id="20259818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259818" title="Strausse">
Strausse

A Strausse or Strausswirtschaft (also Strauße or Straußwirtschaft) is a type of wine tavern in winegrowing areas of German-speaking countries that is only open during certain times of the year. Typically it is a pub run by winegrowers and winemakers themselves, in which they sell their own wine directly to the public. The food served needs to be simple, regional cold dishes. Other expressions like "Besenwirtschaft" and "Besenschänke" ("broom pub"), "Rädlewirtschaft" ("cyclists' pub") as well as "Hecken-" or "Häckerwirtschaft" are also common.
Characterization.
A "Strausswirtschaft" is essentially understood to be a winemaker serving his own wine on his own premises. These seasonal inns are not subject to normal business laws and are thus not obliged to have a licence or to pay extra taxes. They must, however, fulfil certain conditions instead. These conditions vary from state to state but they are in general agreement on certain essential points (see "Legal aspects" below).
The kinds of locations in which a "Strausswirtschaft" can be found can vary considerably. Besides ones funished like ordinary pubs there are also simple barns where benches and tables have been temporarily set up to accommodate guests. In earlier decades some winegrowers even cleared their flats or the stables to run such a tavern. In Austria this kind of pub is called a "Buschenschank" or "Heuriger". The name is derived from a bar or post to which a so-called "Föhrenbusch" or a "Reisigbesen" (a kind of besom or broom) was attached. This helps to explain another expression associated with the Strausswirtschaft: "Ausg'steckt is'" ("It is attached"). By attaching the bar outside, the pub owner was informing the tax collector about the pub's tax liability. The "Buschenschank" and the expression "Ausg'steckt is'" can be traced back to a regulation by Empress Maria Theresia.
Origins.
The enactment ""Capitulare de villis vel curtis imperii"" by Charlemagne is often mentioned as the historical standard for the "Strausswirtschaft". It enabled winemakers to sell their own products free of business tax. The "Strausswirtschaft" ("Strauss" – German for bunch of flowers; "Wirtschaft" – pub, inn) had to be marked as such by a bunch of flowers put up at the entrance.
Typical dishes offered are rather simple and rich. Regional specialities are for instance:
Elaborate dishes are not allowed.
Legal aspects.
Almost nowhere are "Strausswirtschaften" considered restaurants, which means that owners do not need a concession. Nevertheless, the trade office needs to be notified in advance about the period during which the "Stausswirtschaft" intends to sell food and drink. 
Although "Strausswirtschaften" do not need a licence, there are certain laws they have to follow. Among other things, a "Strausswirtschaften" is not allowed to offer lodging or engage in trade. Food and beverage must be served at the place of production. It is forbidden to rent any extra facilities for serving food and beverage. 
The following rules need to be respected: 

</doc>
<doc id="20259821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259821" title="Chikana">
Chikana

Chikana is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3249 people living in 577 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20259828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259828" title="Sədəfli">
Sədəfli

Sədəfli is a village and municipality in the Gobustan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 300.

</doc>
<doc id="20259831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259831" title="Storage protein">
Storage protein

Storage proteins are biological reserves of metal ions and amino acids, used by organisms. They are found in plant seeds, egg whites, and milk.
Ferritin is an example of a storage protein that stores iron. Iron is a component of heme, which is contained in the transport protein hemoglobin and in cytochromes. 
Some storage proteins store amino acids. Storage proteins' amino acids are used in embryonic development of animals or plants. Two amino acid storage proteins in animals are casein and ovalbumin. 
Seeds, particularly of leguminous plants, contain high concentrations of storage proteins. Up to 25 percent of the dry weight of the seed can be composed of storage proteins.

</doc>
<doc id="20259833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259833" title="Devipur">
Devipur

Devipur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2867 people living in 522 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20259838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259838" title="NYLAC Computers">
NYLAC Computers

NYLAC Computers refer to any computer built by the NYLAC computer company
Company and name.
NYLAC computer company built a computer based on the Zilog Z-80 microprocessor. It was derived from the Rex computer built in Des Moines Iowa. Nylac was founded by Gary Martin, although to customers and dealers NYLAC stood for "Now You've Looked At Computers" that was a bacronym. Actually the name of the company was derived from joining the two words Nyla (Gary's wife's name) and Univac an early computer.
Construction and technical specifications.
The motherboard consisted of a Z-80 microprocessor running at 4mhz, an 8257/8275 memory mapped video controller address at 0xF800. And an 8251 serial controller for IO. There were six S-100 bus interfaces one of which was filled with a 5 inch disc controller card.
The cabinet was filled with a 13" CRT display, a liner power supply, two 5 inch floppy drives (later versions used dual headed drives). Toward the end of production, NYLACs were built with a 5 megabyte 5 inch hard drive to replace one of the floppies.

</doc>
<doc id="20259845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259845" title="Üzümçü">
Üzümçü

Üzümçü is a village in the municipality of Bədəlli in the Gobustan Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20259850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259850" title="Dhangadi, Sagarmatha">
Dhangadi, Sagarmatha

Dhangadi, Sagarmatha is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7593 people living in 1405 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20259851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259851" title="Broadus Mitchell">
Broadus Mitchell

Dr. Broadus Mitchell (December 27, 1892 – April 28, 1988) was an historian, professor, and author. He taught economics at Johns Hopkins University from 1919–1939, Occidental College 1939–1941, New York University 1942–1949, Rutgers 1949–1958, and Hofstra 1958–1967. Representing the Socialist Party, Dr. Mitchell ran for governor of Maryland in 1939.
Background.
Mitchell was born in Georgetown, Kentucky. He attended the University of South Carolina, graduating in 1913, and went on to study at Johns Hopkins University, where he received his Ph.D. in 1918.
Mitchell wrote numerous books on the economic history of the South, including "The rise of Cotton Mills in the South" (1921), "William Gregg, Factory Master of the Old South" (1928), and "The Industrial Revolution of the South" (1930). In 1962 Dr. Mitchell wrote a two-volume biography titled: "Alexander Hamilton". He subsequently wrote four more books on Hamilton's life and influence.
Throughout his tenure at Hopkins from 1919–1939 there were two recurring issues that landed Mitchell in trouble with the University and opened him up to criticism: his radical political and economic views as a socialist, and his outspoken stance supporting equal rights along racial lines. During his time as Professor at Johns Hopkins University those views eventually led to his resignation (1938) over the university's refusal to admit an African American student into the graduate school.
Mitchell ran for Governor in 1939 representing the Socialist party, receiving 6,773 votes representing 1.32% of the popular vote.
Mitchell died at Phelps Memorial Hospital in Tarrytown, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20259853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259853" title="Charles Andrews (judge)">
Charles Andrews (judge)

Charles Andrews (May 27, 1827 New York Mills, Oneida County, New York - October 22, 1918 Syracuse, Onondaga County, New York) was an American Lawyer and politician. He was Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1881 to 1882 and from 1892 to 1897.
Life.
He was the son of George Andrews and Polly Andrews. He was educated at Cazenovia Seminary, and then studied law at Syracuse, N.Y. He was admitted to the bar in 1849. On May 17, 1855, he married Marcia A. Shankland (1832–1921), and their son was William Shankland Andrews.
Charles Andrews was District Attorney of Onondaga County from 1854 to 1856. He was Mayor of Syracuse, New York from 1861 to 1862, and in 1868. He was a delegate to the New York State Constitutional Convention of 1867, and to the 1868 Republican National Convention.
In May 1870, he was elected one of the first judges of the re-organized New York Court of Appeals. He was appointed Chief Judge by Governor Alonzo B. Cornell after the resignation of Charles J. Folger in 1881, and remained on the post until the end of 1882. At the State election in November 1882, Andrews ran to succeed himself for a full 14-year term as Chief Judge but was defeated by Democrat William C. Ruger. Andrews resumed his post as associate judge, and was re-elected unopposed to another 14-year term in November 1884. In November 1892, he was elected unopposed Chief Judge. He retired at the end of 1897 when he reached the constitutional age limit of 70 years, after 27 and a half year on the Court of Appeals bench, the longest tenure ever.
He was buried at Oakwood Cemetery (Syracuse, New York).

</doc>
<doc id="20259856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259856" title="Dağ Kolanlı">
Dağ Kolanlı

Dağ Kolanlı is a village in the municipality of Poladlı in the Gobustan Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20259859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259859" title="Dhodhana">
Dhodhana

Dhodhana is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3814 people living in 689 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20259867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259867" title="1918 in chess">
1918 in chess

Events in chess in 1918

</doc>
