<doc id="20393262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393262" title="Cueva Fell">
Cueva Fell

Cueva Fell is a natural cave and archaeological site in southern Patagonia. Cueva Fell is in proximity to the Pali Aike Crater, another significant archaeological site. Cueva Fell combined with the nearby Pali Aike site have been submitted to UNESCO as a possible World Heritage Site.
Site Discovery.
Fell's Cave was discovered by Junius Bird. It came to his attention because arrow points and flakes were found on the surface. The cave was originally called the Río Chico shelter, but was later renamed by Bird to Fell's Cave in honour of the Fell family who owned the Estancia Brazo Norte, the North Arm Station, where the cave is located. Excavation of the site began in 1936.
Site Formation.
Fell's Cave is located in the Río Chico canyon, Chile, near the Straits of Magellan and the Argentine border. This area is known as the southeastern Patagonian basalt plateaus. Situated on the southeast side of what was once a river bank, it is more accurately described as a shelter. It was formed by river water wearing away at the sandstone bank, leaving behind a canopy of lava conglomerate and thus creating a shelter 28 feet deep and 38 feet wide. The erosion formed a smooth floor of hard clay. Remnants of sandstone still clinging to the conglomerate roof eventually fell to the floor, forming a sterile layer that later separated human occupation periods.
Stratigraphy.
Junius Bird labelled the occupational layers of the site from top to bottom, thus the layer directly under the surface is I, and the oldest layer is V.
Surface.
The surface material of the site is composed of dirt, rocks, and hard-packed sheep manure. The surface layer ranges from 18 to 24 inches in thickness.
Layer I.
The youngest stratigraphic layer of Fell’s Cave is a dark earth layer, reaching approximately 10 inches in thickness (Bird 1988:138). This component dates from c. 700 years BP to the present. According to conventional radiocarbon dating, the layer dates to 1265 A.D. +-90.
Layer II.
The division between Layer I and Layer II is relatively indistinguishable as the sediments are of similar dark earth, and also reach about 10 inches or more in thickness. This layer dates to c. 6,500 years BP.
Layer III.
This layer dates to c. 8,500-6,500 BP. The earth consistency between Layers II and III marking a notable distinction between the two. Layer III is approximately 12-15 inches thick of compacted dark earth.
Layer IV.
The thickness of this layer varies from 13-17 inches and consists of firmly packed dark earth (Bird 1988:139). This layer dates from c. 10,000 to 8,500 BP.
Sterile Layer.
After the earliest layer, Layer V, had accumulated, sandstone slabs fell from the roof of the cave and sealed it off. This layer is 15 to 20 inches thick.
Layer V.
A refuse soft clay soil varying in thickness from 3 to 9 inches composes the oldest occupation level at the site. The site dates from 11,000 RCYBP +-170 top 10,080 RCYBP +-160 according to conventional radiocarbon dating.
Chronology.
Bird named the periods from earliest to latest, thus Period I is the oldest and is associated with Layer V, while Period V is the latest and is associated with Layer I.
Period V.
This period (layer I) is typified by a tool assemblage containing small arrow points and various bone tools, as well as such cultural materials as combs and beads. Based on the style of the arrow points, it is likely that this period is associated with the Ona Indians. The faunal assemblage of this period is dominated by guanaco bone fragments.
Period IV.
Period IV is characterized by the presence of stone tools such as stemmed or legged stone points, knives, and small thumb-nail scrapers as well as a bone tool assemblage. Large bolas, various beads and other ornaments are also present. This Period can also be distinguished by the building of structures including extended burials and rock cairns.= Again, the faunal assemblage is dominated by guanaco.
Period III.
Present in this layer are bone awls, stone scrapers, and triangular stone points with rounded bases. Also, bolas of notably smaller size than the subsequent later period, period IV. It has been suggested that these small stone bolas may have been used in procurement of birds. Guanaco and fox bone fragments dominate the faunal assemblage.
Period II.
This layers consists mainly of bone points and awls, and stone scrapers. Junius Bird notes in Travels and Archaeology in South Chile that this layer contained significantly more sediment in relation to artifact distribution.
Period I.
The oldest cultural occupation at this site belongs to the Fell’s Tradition. Thus, Fell’s Cave is the type site for the Fell’s Tradition. This tradition is characterized most notably by fishtail points as well as various stone scrapers, choppers, stone discs and bone tools. Several hearths were also excavated from this level which produced three radiocarbon dates between c.11,000-10,000 BP.
Ecology.
Climate.
In the Late Pleistocene, prior to 12,500ka BP, the area surrounding Cueva Fell was dominated by high winds, year-round freezing temperatures, and annual precipitation under 300mm. This heathland environment was replaced by a treeless, xeric, herbaceous steppe environment through 11ka BP, as the freezing temperatures and winds began to abate. This is the climate and terrain that most closely predated the first human inhabitants in the area.
The earliest human occupation dates suggested by the finds in Layer V—c. 11-10 ka BP—correspond to a period of stadial cooling. In what has been described as a possible South American equivalent to the Younger Dryas, the Patagonian region experienced a period of low temperatures and high precipitation as well as advancing glaciers. This was followed in 10-9 ka BP by a warming trend. These two thousand years in question marked a fitful end to the last ice age, one marked by high environmental variability. While this produced significant changes in some taxa, humans, at this time, were already becoming adept at adjusting to new environments and appear not to have been deleteriously affected by the changeable and unpredictable climate.
As the Holocene warming trend persisted, so the environment of southern Patagonia continued to change. The archaeology of Fell’s Cave provides evidence for the regular occurrence of summer droughts in the area—droughts that, combined with increasing summer storm activity, may have led to wildfires. The decrease in water availability combined with the evident (through pollen analysis) dramatic change in grazing flora species, are proposed as contributing factors to the evident faunal extinction.
The period of 9000 to 6000 BP saw less remarkable shifts in climate, with a general trend away from xeric taxa and, it is then presumed, an increase in precipitation. There is insufficient radiocarbon control at the site to determine local climate conditions post-6000 BP, however regional ecology suggests a slight shift towards more aridity.
Today Cueva Fell joins most of southern Argentina in what is known as the Fuego-Patagonia steppe environment. The area receives less than 400mm annual precipitation (typical for the Patagonia region but much drier than neighbouring coastal or mountain terrains) and is dominated by bunch grasses from the genera "Festuca" and "Stipa", along with a variety of herbaceous vegetation.
Flora & Fauna.
Cueva Fell is notable for the range of now-extinct faunal finds excavated from within it. Notable among these are the giant sloth and the horse. The horse was to become extinct and absent in the Americas through most of the Holocene until it was imported by Europeans. In fact the evidence of the ancient horse Cueva Fell was the first proof that horses occupied the Americas before being reintroduced from the Old World. The stratified remains of both human and animals provides evidence that human occupation of the area actually preceded the extinction of both the native horse ("Parahipparium saldasi") and the ground sloth. This same evidence suggested that ancient horse was hunted and eaten. However humans weren’t the sole predators in the area. Bone remains of the horse, llama and ground sloth all display puncture marks, most likely made by the Patagonia panther.
The Early Holocene taxa change—the extinction of mostly herbivorous animals in South America—was initially attributed to human over-hunting, as were the megafaunal extinctions in North America. Analysis of pollen extracted from Cueva Fell suggested a substantial reduction in grassland in southern Patagonia in the period just preceding these extinctions, and was an early piece of evidence in the mounting argument against hunting as the primary cause of species collapse. Large quantities of guanaco (lama) were also found in the older depositional layers. Where other large grazing fauna died out in the early Holocene, guanaco appear to have survived as a result of their less specialized plant diet, adapting to the change in vegetation that accompanied the warming Holocene. Guanaco population sizes initially dipped along with other grazing species, but eventually recovered.
Analysis of canine remains found in all five human occupation levels of the cave initially suggested they were those of domestic dog (Canis familiaris). This would have been remarkable as the earliest evidence for the domestic dog in the Americas. However subsequent analyses suggest the skull and teeth remains to have been from two wild species: Pseudalopex griseus (South American gray fox) and Canis avus (a small fox or wolf-life canine, particular to South America in the late Pleistocene period). Other faunal bone remains include hawks and falcons.
Artefacts.
The first excavation of Fell’s cave in 1936 yielded 511 artefacts. These included hafted implements, knives, scrapers, bolas, a couple of circular rubbing stones, and bone tools.
Perhaps the most significant find in the 1936 excavation was the fishtail projectile point. All of the fishtail points were associated with large mammals including: extinct horses, giant ground sloths, and guanacos. Fifteen fishtail projectile points were recovered from Layer V which is the oldest layer that dates back to 11,000 RCYBP +-170 top 10,080 RCYBP +-160. These fishtail point have been radiocarbon dated to ca. 11,000 years.
Discoidal stones, referred in the chart as circular rubbing stones, were also found. Bird notes in a 1970 journal article that “stone artefacts shaped by pecking and grinding are so generally absent among Paleo-Indian finds that exceptions are noteworthy”. There were two stones found in Cueva Fell; both of them were clearly associated with animal remains. Both were made from lava. The larger stone has a diameter of about 12.3 cm and weighs about 1.12 kg while the smaller stone is about 8.4 cm in diameter and weighs about 0.5 kg. There was also a substantial amount of scrapers found throughout all the Cueva Fell layers. The bone tools found, according to Bird, were made from sloth bone because there bone used showed no evidence of marrow cavities.
In 1969 there was a second dig organized at Cueva Fell but it was focused in a slightly different location of the cave. During this excavation 415 artefacts were found including: various points, knives, scrapers, cores, bolas, and bones tools.
Site Significance.
The colonization of the New World.
The colonization of the America’s may be one of the most contentious archaeological debates today. The issue involves a large body of research and numerous theories as to how and when this event began. For decades, the Clovis-first model trumped all other theories for the Settlement of the Americas. This theory basically holds that the Clovis culture constituted the first peoples to inhabit North America. Entering the Americas from Asia via the Bering Land Bridge and migrating south through the ice free corridor, the Clovis people populated southern North America. This population spread through Central America and finally South America.
At the time the theory was proposed, no archaeological evidence had been discovered in the Americas which pre-dated 11,050 to 10,800 14C yr B.P., or the onset of the Clovis culture (Waters 2007: 1122). However, in the last few decades a multitude of sites have been found, which at first challenged this theory and now demanding a new model to explain the peopling of the Americas. Based on the current understanding of archaeological evidence, it is now widely accepted that a pre-Clovis culture colonized the Americas via a Pacific coastal route sometime between ca. 14,000–12,000 BP.
Some of the evidence supporting the coastal theory come from the Southern-most portions of South America. Many researchers now agree that occupation of Tierra del Fuego, 11,000-10,500 years ago, simply does not provide enough time for mid-continental migration. A similar argument is made about Monte Verde, which may be the most well-known and widely accepted of these sites and which pre-dates Clovis by approximately 1000 years.
Although site discovery and excavation were not recent, Cueva Fell is representative of occupation of southern South America. The earliest occupation at Cueva Fell, c. 11,000 B.P. +- 170 years to 10,080 B.P. +-160 years, does not pre-date but is coeval with Clovis. Other Late Pleistocene sites in Argentina, Cerro Tres Tetas, Cueva Casa del Minero, and Piedra Museo, are also contemporaneous with Clovis and the early occupation at Fell’s Cave.
Stone Tool Technology.
The common tendency to compare South American and North American prehistory is increasingly becoming outmoded, most notably in regards to early technological adaptions. It has been long believed that the early fluted points of South America represented a diffusion of the fluted North American Clovis points. South American fluted points include the fishtail point represented at Cueva Fell and many other regions, the el Jobo point (Venezuela), and the Paijan point (Peru and Ecuador), all of which dating to Clovis.
The fluted stone tool variants of South America represent regional adaptions to the procurement of Pleistocene Fauna that contrasts with the continent-wide use of Clovis points in North America. Such regional technological adaptations seem to reflect the initial dispersal of small paleoindian groups throughout the vast unpopulated continent. The fishtail points of Cueva Fell thus represent crucial evidence in the distinction between tool technologies in the southern and northern continents of the Americas.
Site Discovery in Fuego-Patagonia.
Finally, Cueva Fell deserves recognition for representing possibly the earliest occupation of Fuego-Patagonia approximately 11,000 BP. This southern region of South America is symbolic of “the end of the line” for the initial colonization of the New World.
The early inhabitants of Fuego-Patagonia signify sparse populations spread out over large territories and chances of site discovery in this region are low. Compounding the low likelihood of site discovery in this region is the deeply buried contexts associated with such early occupation and the subsequent increase of various perturbation processes threatening the archaeological integrity. Many of these sites, Cueva Fell included, are rock shelters which have been used as dens by carnivorous fauna over thousands of years, which not only disturb archaeological deposits but add difficulty to recognizing archaeological sites. Low population density combined with these other factors make Junius Bird’s discovery of Cueva Fell in 1936 truly remarkable in and of itself.

</doc>
<doc id="20393278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393278" title="Flood Control Act of 1928">
Flood Control Act of 1928

The Flood Control Act of 1928 (FCA 1928) (70th United States Congress, Sess. 1. Ch. 596, enacted May 15, 1928) authorized the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to design and construct projects for the control of floods on the Mississippi River and its tributaries as well as the Sacramento River in California. It was sponsored by Sen. Wesley L. Jones (R) of Washington and Rep. Frank R. Reid (R) of Illinois, in response to the Great Mississippi Flood of 1927.
Significance.
FCA 1928 had three important effects. It increased public awareness of advances in flood control theory and practice. It put flood control on par with other major projects of its time with the largest public works appropriation ever authorized. And, FCA 1928 increased debate on local contributions to a new level.
Section 1: Mississippi River Valley project.
Authorized the project for the flood control of the Mississippi River in its alluvial valley and for its improvement from the Head of Passes to Cape Girardeau, Missouri, in accordance with the engineering plan set forth and recommended in the report submitted by the Chief of Engineers.
Created a board consisting of the Chief of Engineers, the president of the Mississippi River Commission, and a civil engineer chosen from civil life appointed by the President. The board was to consider the engineering differences between the project adopted by the Act (the Chief of Engineers' plans) and plans recommended by the Mississippi River Commission. The project and the changes therein are to be executed in accordance with section 8 of the Act.
Directed surveys to be made between Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and Cape Girardeau, Missouri to ascertain and determine the best method of securing flood relief in addition to levees. These surveys were to be made before any flood-control works other than levees and revetments are undertaken on that portion of the river.
Directed the character of diversion works and outlets. They are to be built in a manner and of a character which will fully and amply protect the adjacent lands ensuring the same degree of protection on the east side as is afforded by levees on the west side of the river. Nothing in the Act was meant to prevent, postpone, delay, or in anywise interfere with the execution of that part of the project on the east side of the river.
Consolidated funding. All unexpended balances of previous appropriations for flood control on the Mississippi River under the Flood Control Act of 1917 and the Flood Control Act of 1923, were made available for expenditure except for work under section 13.
Section 2: Local contribution and participation.
Reiterated the soundness of the principle of local contribution toward the cost of flood-control work which had been incorporated in all previous national legislation, recognizing the special interest of the local population in its own protection, and as a means of preventing inordinate requests for unjustified items of work having no material national interest.
Recognized the expenditure estimated at approximately $292 million already made by the local interests; in view of the extent of national concern in the control of these floods in the interests of national prosperity, the flow of interstate commerce, and the movement of the United States mails; and, in view of the gigantic scale of the project, involving flood waters of a volume and flowing from a drainage area largely outside the States most affected, and far exceeding those of any other river in the United States, no local contribution to the project was required, and given.
Section 3: Local entities must maintain completed projects.
Prohibited expending funds until the States or levee districts gave assurances that they would maintain all flood-control works after their completion, except controlling and regulating spillway structures, including special relief levees; would agree to accept land turned over to them, and provide without cost to the United States, all rights of way for levee foundations and levees on the main stem of the Mississippi River between Cape Girardeau, Missouri, and the Head of Passes.
Relief from Liability.
In January 2008, this liability provision played a controversial role concerning the legal cases resulting from the levee failures in New Orleans during the Hurricane Katrina disaster in 2005. Federal Judge Stanwood Duval, of the US District Court for Eastern Louisiana, held the US Army Corps of Engineers responsible for defects in the design of the concrete I-wall floodwall constructed in the earthen levees of the 17th Street Canal in the period following Hurricane Betsy (1965). However, he further stated that the agency could not be held financially liable due to the sovereign immunity provided by this legislation.
In April 2010, scholars with the Louisiana State Office of Historic Preservation approved the text for a Historic Plaque for the 17th Street Canal. After receiving permission from city agencies and the Corps of Engineers, the flood protection group Levees.org installed the Plaque at ground zero, on New Orleans city property, in the Lakeview neighborhood. The text of the plaque read as follows:
Section 4: Flowage Rights.
Provide Federal government flowage rights for additional destructive flood waters that will pass by reason of diversions from the main channel of the Mississippi River. Provided that any benefits to property from execution of the flood-control plan would be taken into consideration in reducing the amount of compensation paid for flowage rights.
Provided a method to obtain lands to execute the plan. The Government can acquire by condemnation, purchase, or donation any lands, easements, or rights of way which are needed in carrying out this project. Provisions of the Rivers and Harbors Act of 1918 were made applicable to the acquisition of lands, easements, or rights of way needed for works of flood control.
Section 5: Surveys.
The Secretary of War, on the recommendation of the Chief of Engineers, could engage the services and assistance of the Coast and Geodetic Survey, the United States Geological Survey, or other Government mapping agencies, in preparing maps required for this project.
Section 6: Rights of Way.
Authorized expenditure of funds up to $10 million for previously authorized flood control works on the Mississippi River, including levee work on the Mississippi River between Rock Island, Illinois, and Cape Girardeau, Missouri, and outlets and tributaries affected by the backwaters of the Mississippi. Stipulated that, between Rock Island, Illinois, and Cape Girardeau, Missouri, the States or levee districts are to provide rights of way at no cost to the United States, contribute one-third of the costs, and maintain them after completion.
Authorized emergency expenses. In an emergency, funds may be expended for the maintenance of any levee when it is demonstrated that the levee can not be adequately maintained by the State or levee district. Since Section 9 of the United States Constitution prohibits spending of public money except by the express direction of Congress, this authorization allows the Government to step in to assist local and state governments in an emergency.
Section 7: Emergency fund.
$5 million was authorized as an emergency fund in rescue work or in the repair or maintenance of any flood-control work on any tributaries of the Mississippi River threatened or destroyed by flood including the flood of 1927.
Section 8: Work of the Mississippi River Commission.
The Mississippi River Commission, under direction of the Secretary of War and supervision of the Chief of Engineers was to execute the project. For all other purposes, the existing laws governing the commission remained unchanged. The commission was to inspect frequently enough and hold hearings to enable it to acquire first-hand information as to conditions and problems of flood control within the area of its jurisdiction. It established that the president/executive officer of the commission is to qualifications prescribed by law for the Assistant Chief of Engineers and be given the rank, pay, and allowances of a brigadier general. It established the salaries for officers of the Commission.
Section 10: Proceed speedily and provide reports on various rivers systems.
Surveys of the Mississippi River and its tributaries were to be done as speedily as practicable.
Directed the Corps of Engineers to prepare and submit reports on projects for flood control on tributaries of the Mississippi River including
The reports were to include
This direction from Congress had the impact of forcing the balancing of competing interests when considering flood control projects.
Authorized $5 million to be used out of the appropriation authorized by the Act, in addition to amounts authorized in the Rivers and Harbors Act of 1927, to be expended for the projects authorized. Directed flood surveys to be made simultaneously with the flood-control work on the Mississippi River.
Directed that the United States Department of Agriculture and such other agencies determine how Mississippi Valley floods may be controlled by proper forestry practice.
Section 11: Previous projects below Cape Girardeau.
Directed the Mississippi River Commission to examine the Mississippi River below Cape Girardeau, Missouri, where levees had previously been constructed on one side of the river and adversely affected land on the other side of the river. Directed construction of levees possible to reduce the impact if economically justified.
Concerning a recommendation by the Mississippi River Commission in October 1912 to build a levee from Tiptonville, Tennessee, to the Obion River in Tennessee, the Commission was authorized to resurvey the proposed levee and relocate the same if necessary. If such levee was found feasible and approved by the board, it shall be built out of appropriations hereafter to be made.
Section 12: All other laws inconsistent with this law are repealed.
All laws or parts of laws inconsistent with FCA 1928 were repealed.
Section 13: Sacramento River flood control.
The project for the control of floods in the Sacramento River, California, adopted by section 2 of the Act approved March 1, 1917, entitled “An Act to provide for the control of the floods of the Mississippi River and of the Sacramento River, California, and for other purposes,” is hereby modified in accordance with the report of the California Debris Commission, provided that the total amounts contributed by the Federal Government, including previous amounts contributed, shall not exceed $17.6 million.
Section 14: Title 41 USC is applicable.
In every contract or agreement to be made or entered into for the acquisition of land either by private sale or condemnation as in this Act provided the provisions contained in section 3741 of the Revised Statutes being section 22 of title 41 of the United States Code shall be applicable.
See also.
For related legislation which sometime also implement flood control provisions, see the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20393280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393280" title="Jim Turner (criminal)">
Jim Turner (criminal)

James "Jim" Turner (fl. 1854-1866) was an American criminal figure, pugilist and "slugger" for Tammany Hall. Turner was one of several men under Captain Isaac Rynders who committed voter intimidation and election fraud for Tammany Hall during the 1850s. He and Paudeen McLaughlin were bodyguards to Lew Baker and were present with him when he killed William "Bill the Butcher" Poole in 1855.
Biography.
A Californian-born thug and pugilist, Turner was forced to leave the state by the San Francisco Vigilance Committee in 1854. He eventually surfaced in New York City where he found employment with Captain Isaac Rynders and his "Empire Club". In a short time, he became one of the Rynders' most feared "sluggers". In January 1855, Turner and Lew Baker entered "Platt's Hall" and became involved in a verbal altercation with prizefighter Tom Hyer ""calling the fighter vile names"". The argument escalated until Turner drew his pistol and shot Hyer in the neck. Hyer fired back but missed, hitting the wall instead. Putting away his weapon, Hyer attacked his assailants and dragged Baker out into the street, but the fight came to an end when a police officer arrived. The fight was broken up, but no charges were brought against the three.
On the night of February 25, 1855, Turner and Paudeen McLaughlin accompanied Lew Baker when he entered Stanwix Hall saloon to confront William "Bill the Butcher" Poole over an argument he and John Morrissey had several hours before. Although most accounts claim Baker shot Poole when the two began fighting, another version has Turner and McLaughlin participating in the barroom brawl according to retired police chief George W. Walling. In this version, Turner pulled out a pistol to fire at Poole, using the hollow of his left arm as a rest, but shot himself in the arm with an eight-inch Colt Navy Revolver. While falling to the floor, it was Turner who fired the second shot that hit Poole in the leg. Poole then staggered towards Baker who drew his own revolver and shot him twice then left the bar with Turner and McLaughlin. He and McLaughlin were arrested soon after and imprisoned in separate cells in The Tombs. Turner was charged with a number of other men including Baker, McLaughlin, Morrissey, Cornelius Linn, Charles Van Pelt, John Huyler and James Irving among others, but all were eventually acquitted of the murder.
On the morning of August 30, 1860, Turner was arrested and charged with assaulting a West Broadway resident, Edward Leonard, beating him so severely that he was hospitalized and confined to a bed. Turner was sent to The Tombs in default of a $500 bail by the presiding magistrate. He was sent to the Workhouse on March 28, 1866, in default of $1,000 bail for his good behavior, after being charged with fighting, using foul language and striking Mary Ann Scott with a hot poker.

</doc>
<doc id="20393287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393287" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Benghazi">
Apostolic Vicariate of Benghazi

The Apostolic Vicariate of Benghazi () is a Roman Catholic apostolic Vicariate located in the city of Benghazi in Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="20393290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393290" title="Data source">
Data source

A data source is any of the following types of sources for (mostly) digitized data:

</doc>
<doc id="20393293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393293" title="Jimmy Kelly (saloon keeper)">
Jimmy Kelly (saloon keeper)

Giovanni de Silvio or Jimmy Kelly (fl. 1900-1914) was an American saloon keeper, political organizer and underworld figure in New York City during the start of the 20th century. He was the owner the Fourteenth Street saloon "The Folly" as well as the popular "Mandarin Cafe" in Chinatown, located in the notorious "Bloody Angle" along Doyers Street, and was a hangout for politicians, gang leaders and other noted criminals of the era. His cafe was also the scene of several violent incidents, especially during the Tong War, which included, in 1910, the fourth attempted suicide of Chinatown character John "Dippy" Rice and the 1912 murder of Hen Ken Yum, the latter a high-level member of the On Leong Tong and a lieutenant of Mock Duck. 
He himself controlled a small gang of thugs-for-hire and was an ally of the Eastman Gang, particularly Jack Zelig, but later became involved in an underworld rivalry with Chick Tricker and Jack Sirocco. For several years, he feuded with Tricker and Sirocco over control of Chinatown's graft and was the main competitor of their establishment "The Flea Bag". He became a major political organizer for Tammany Hall, successful in taking power in Chinatown following the arrest of Monk Eastman in 1904, and was eventually awarded control of the district by Tammany politicians. Both Tricker and Sirocco resisted Kelly's attempts to take over but were forced out after a police raid led to the close of "The Flea Bag".
1905.
In May 1905, he was assaulted in the Bowery near Great Jones Street by members of the Five Points Gang under Paul Kelly. Although he received only minor injuries, bouncers from "The Folly" and "New Brighton" began fighting each other resulting in three men being stabbed and the murder of "Eat 'Em Up" Jack McManus. Both Kelly and Tricker were both assaulted in separate incidents shortly before McManus's murder, Kelly being stabbed in the back with a stiletto on First Avenue near Fourth Street.
1908.
In November 1908, while walking to his home, he was attacked by members of the Humpty Jackson Gang shortly after hosting a ball at Tammany Hall. He was shot in the stomach but eventually recovering from his wounds and refusing to identify his attackers. He received special protection from the New York Police Department and had a particularly close relationship with Detective Charles Becker. While in attendance at Sirocco's annual ball at Tammany Hall in February 1912, Becker overheard plans to murder Kelly and spent the rest of the night with several other officers guarding Kelly's place. Although no attack took place that night, Becker searched Sirocco's "Little Rock" headquarters at Broome Street and confiscated a rife and two revolvers. The cafe was under guard for three more days when, while walking through the Bowery with Louie the Lump, an unidentified gunman fired at them from a hallway. Neither men were hit but later that day another attempt was made while the two were at Baxter Street after walking through Mulberry Bend Park. Once again, the unknown gunman missed but Louie fired three shots in return injuring day laborer Patrick McKenna as a result. Louie the Lump was taken into custody along with another man, suspected by police to be the shooter, while Kelly ran to Elizabeth Street Station where he asked for protection. Sirocco was later arrested on an unrelated charge but released on bail. Louie the Lump was a known associate of Kelly, at times acting as his bodyguard, and participated in attacking "hangers on" from Sirocco's gang and planting weapons on them for police to find when they were arrested. The alleged assassin was identified as Charles I. "Game" Sola, both he and Louie the Lump standing trial for the gunfight, and the case against Kelly's bodyguard was dismissed. 
By mid-July, a number of establishments were closed and put under police guard following a series of violent gang fights which had broken out within a 10-hour period on the night of June 5. These included Sirocco's place at Chatham Square, Chick Tricker's Bowery emporium, the "Chatham Club" and three other Fourteenth Street saloons where the majority of the fighting occurred. Only Kelly's Mandarin Cafe was allowed to stay open, despite of it having a police guard as well. He was later one of several men arrested during official inquiry during the Becker-Rosenthal trial but was not implicated in the actual murder according to Deputy Commissioner Dougherty.
1913.
This feud eventually came to a head in 1913 in a dispute over their respective bouncers being hired as private security, known then as "strong arm squads", for sporting events and other occasions. Matters worsened when Detective Val O'Farrell, in charge of hiring security for Madison Square Garden, refused to hire several of his men for the annual six-day bicycle race being held at the venue. On the morning of December 12, a gunfight broke out between members of his club and those from Sirocco's near Madison Square Garden. Around 2:00 am, a group of Sirocco's men left Madison Square Garden and were ambushed near the corner of Fourth Avenue and Twenty-sixth Street by Kelly's men firing from behind a Madison Avenue trolley car. Although the gunfight was brief, an estimated fifty rounds had been used and ended only until gunmen on both sides ran out of ammunition. No one was reported injured, the passengers on the trolley avoiding being hit by dropping to the floor, despite the large number of spectators entering and leaving Madison Square Garden to watch the annual six-day bicycle race being held.
Most of the participants were able to escape as police from local precincts investigating the gunfire began entering the area. Kelly's gunmen, according arriving to police officers, were picked up by a large black touring car which they began firing at hoping to shoot out the tires. The car was last seen heading towards Second Avenue but police were unable to pursue them. Two of Sirocco's men, Tony Rossa and Frank Jula, were arrested by police and taken to Jefferson Market Court where they were arraigned and held on a $2,000 bail. The two had no previous criminal record but had ties with Jack Sirocco and were believed to have thrown away their weapons. Six empty revolvers were found by police at the scene.

</doc>
<doc id="20393300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393300" title="1975 African Cup Winners' Cup">
1975 African Cup Winners' Cup

The 1975 African Cup Winners' Cup was the first edition of the African Cup Winners' Cup. The tournament was won by Tonnerre Yaoundé of Cameroon, who beat Stella Club d'Adjamé of Ivory Coast 5-1 on aggregate in the final.
Quarterfinals.
1 The match was abandoned after 70 minutes with Tonnerre Yaoundé leading 3-0 after Al Ittihad walked off to protest the officiating; the tie was awarded to Tonnerre Yaoundé. <br>
2 Fortior Mahajanga withdrew.

</doc>
<doc id="20393335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393335" title="Sun Baoqi">
Sun Baoqi

Sun Baoqi (Traditional Chinese: 孫寶琦; Simplified Chinese: 孙宝琦; Hanyu Pinyin: Sūn Bǎoqí; Wade-Giles: Sun Pao-ch´i) (26 April 1867 – 3 February 1931) was a government official, foreign minister, and premier of the Republic of China. His courtesy name was Mu-han (慕韓)
Biography.
Sun was born in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province in 1867, the eldest son of Sun Yijing, assistant Imperial tutor to the Xianfeng Emperor of the Qing Dynasty. He received a classical Chinese education and was awarded the title of second grade yinsheng. He then married a relative of Yikuang, the future Prince Qing. In 1886, Sun became a junior secretary of the Board of Punishments, a post he held until 1895. He was listed for assignment to a foreign post in 1898, but his appointment was delayed because of the Boxer Rebellion. In 1902, he briefly served as secretary of legation in Vienna, Berlin, and Paris, was then appointed Minister to France. Sun returned to China in 1906 and became chief secretary of the Grand Council, which was tasked with reorganizing the country's administrative system. In 1907, he became Minister to Germany. In January 1909, Sun was appointed assistant director of the Tianjin-Pukou railroad, and in June of that year he was appointed governor of Shandong Province. Sun was a supporter of constitutional government for China. In 1910, he urged the imperial authorities that a cabinet system be established, and in 1911 he recognized the independence of Shandong from Manchu rule. However, after Yuan Shikai secured power, Sun was forced to retract this declaration and resign. 
After the end of the Qing Dynasty in 1912, Sun briefly entered a private business enterprise with Prince Qing, but was quickly drawn back into government as co-director general and later acting director general of the Customs Administration. On September 11, 1913, he was appointed to Premier Xiong Xiling's cabinet, and negotiated an agreement with Russia by which Russia recognized China's suzerainty over Outer Mongolia and China recognized Outer Mongolia's autonomy. When Xiong resigned in mid-February 1914, Sun became acting Premier until Xu Shichang assumed office in May. Sun served as minister of foreign affairs until January 1915, until he resigned in protest of Japan's Twenty-One Demands. 
From this point on, Sun occupied primarily economic posts, as opposed to his previous foreign policy work. In January 1916, Sun became director of the bureau of audit, and in April minister of finance. In 1917 he was appointed director general of the Customs Administration and in 1920 became director of the economic administration bureau. He then became chairman and later director general of the famine relief bureau, as well as vice-chairman of the Yangtze River commission. In January 1924, Sun briefly became premier a second time, but resigned in July after friction with finance minister Wang Komin. After stepping down, Sun became chairman of the foreign affairs committee and refused several other postings before becoming president of the Hanyeping iron and steel complex and the China Merchants' Steam Navigation Company. In 1926, he was appointed general director of Sino-French University, and in 1928 he retired to Dairen when the Northern Expedition reached Peking in 1928. In 1929, Sun traveled to Hong Kong for treatment for a chronic intestinal disorder, and traveled to Shanghai and Hangzhou in 1930. His illness worsened soon after and he died on February 3, 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="20393349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393349" title="Ferdinando Brachetti Peretti">
Ferdinando Brachetti Peretti

Ferdinando Maria Brachetti Peretti (born in Rome on January 13, 1960), from the wealthy Brachetti Peretti family, is Chairman and CEO of an Italian energy company, API Group. He is married to Princess and Landgravine Mafalda Margherita of Hesse, daughter of Moritz, Landgrave of Hesse.
Biography.
After graduating from high school with a diploma in classical studies, he enrolled in the School of Business and Economics at the University of Rome (“La Sapienza”). During his studies he served his military service as an official in the Carabinieri in 1980-1981 in Naples, achieving also a solemn encomium for the Irpinia earthquake of 1981.
After having lived together for several years, in 2000 he married Her Royal Highness the Princess and Landgravine Mafalda Margherita von Hessen, daughter of Their Royal Highnesses Prince Moritz of Hesse and Princess Tatiana of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg. They have two sons, Cosmo and Briano, born in 2000 and 2002 respectively. 
His father, Count Aldo Maria Brachetti Peretti, Cav. Del Lavoro (Italian decoration given to important figures in industry), was for thirty years, until September 2007, head of the family Group “API” (Anonima Petroli Italiana), founded by his maternal grandfather Cav. Del Lavoro Ferdinando Peretti; his mother, Mila, National Inspectress of the Italian Red Cross, boasts of a career of over 30 years in the Red Cross and is the only woman in Italy to carry the military grade of General.
Business.
Ferdinando Brachetti Peretti began his career in 1983 in the family company, the energy group “API Anonima Petroli Italiana” – “IP Italiana Petroli” 100% owned by “API Holding”, of which he is, together with his brothers, 100% shareholder. His father head of the Group for 30 years, delegated full powers to his son, Ferdinando, in September 2007. Ferdinando is Chairman and CEO of API Holding, the financial safe of all the API Group companies. The two sub-holdings of the electric sector, API Energia and Api Nova Energia, are being developed for the production of electric energy from both traditional sources (natural gas and LNG plants) as well as renewable, such as aeolic, biomass, photovoltaic. He is the Chairman member of the Coordination Committee of the API Group in which strategies of the Group are determined and the political operations of each single company are coordinated. He began working at the company at the age of 23 as, for a period of time, a worker in the refinery. Throughout the years he has directed all the sectors of the various companies making up the API Group, managing in a “downstream” manner, i.e. the whole of the activity from the supply of crude to the transport to tankers, to the refining, marketing and sale of petroleum and all of its derivatives. He moved to London for four years where he initiated the petroleum trading office which is still today one of the most significant sectors of the Group. He then transferred to Paris for two years to study administration and finance after an internship at the Paribas Bank; he thereafter returned to the headquarters in Rome in the 1990s, taking growing responsibilities.
Private life.
Since his youth, first in Italy and then later in England, he dedicated himself to his passion for motorcycles and motocross at a professional level, whereas today he is a motorcycle racing enthusiast. Among his other interests is photography, which he has been fascinated with since he was a boy. He did photo-reportages while travelling in Europe and crossing by bike through the deserts of Africa and Australia, receiving recognition and prizes such as the “Motor Adventure of the Year 1984”. Today he blends his love of photography with his love of contemporary art, which he collects as well as being an artist himself, creating digital works of various diverse subjects. His photographs were exhibited at "Padiglione Italia" in the "Biennale di Venezia 2011". He did many other exhibitions at Galeria Caylus in Madrid, at Bologna Art fair, at Mia in Milan, at Rome Contemporary art fair and at the Biennale Italy - China (Villa Reale, Monza). 

</doc>
<doc id="20393352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393352" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Derna">
Apostolic Vicariate of Derna

The Apostolic Vicariate of Derna () is a Roman Catholic apostolic Vicariate located in the city of Derna in Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="20393372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393372" title="Lynton Stott">
Lynton Stott

Lynton Stott (born in Newton-le-Willows) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Sheffield Eagles (twice?), Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Doncaster, Workington Town, and Hull Kingston Rovers, as a , or .
Lynton Stott runs the Bradford Bulls Lottery, 'The Big One'.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Lynton Stott was a substitute in Sheffield Eagles’ 17-8 victory over Wigan in the 1998 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on 2 May 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20393375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393375" title="Asoli">
Asoli

Asoli (असोली in Devnagari) is a small village in Taluka Vengurla and district Sindhudurg of Maharashtra, India.
The Gram daivath (Village God) is shree Dev Narayan (श्री देव नारायण in Marathi).
Sindhudurg (सिंधुदूर्ग in Devnagari) is an administrative district in the state of Maharashtra (महाराष्ट्र) in India, which was carved out of the erstwhile Ratnagiri District. The district headquarters are located at Oros (ओरोस). The district occupies an area of 5207 km² and has a population of 868,825 of which 9.47% were urban (as of 2001).
Origin of name.
Asoli near to Shiroda (Konkani-Shirodem,Marathi-Shiroda) is small village in South Konkan (Maharashtra), just north of Goa, with a long stretch of clean sparkling mountains. Lots of greenery with densely covered palm trees. Shiroda & Aaravali are called Twin Cities (Villages) and belong to Vengurla taluka in Sindhudurg district of Maharashtra,INDIA. There are lot of sightseeing places nearby Asoli Dev Narayna Temple, Dev Vetoba, Sateri Temple, Hanuman Temple, Navadurga & Mauli Temples at Redi, Mauli temple in Shiroda, Ganesh temple at Redi, Salt Pans. Shiroda Market place is very famous.
Location:Mumbai 508 km, Panji 57 km 
Nearest Airport: Dabohli (Goa) 92 km 
Railway Station: Sawantwadi (सावंतवाडी)(K.R.)
The district is named after the fort of Sindhudurg (which means "fort in the sea"), which lies on a rocky island just off the coast of Malvan (मालवण).
Location.
Sindhudurg is bordered on the north by Ratnagiri District, on the south by the state of Goa, on the west by the Arabian Sea, and to the east across the crest of the Western Ghats or Sayadhris is Kolhapur District. Sindhudurg is part of Konkan (coastal) region, a narrow coastal plain in western Maharashtra which lies between the Western Ghats and the Arabian Sea.
literacy in this district is around 80%
Climate.
Asoli has a semi-tropical climate and remains warm and humid in most of the year. It has three clear seasons : Rainy (June - October), winter (November-mid February) and Summer ( mid February–May). Temperatures vary between Max. 32°C and monsoon winds bring heavy rains (average rainfall 3240.10 mm).
Major crops are = Rice, Mango, Cashewnut, Coconut, Vari, Nachani, Groundnut, Jackfruit, Beetlenut and spices.
Sawantwadi is famous for its Wooden Toys, Narendra Hill, Moti lake & Amboli hill station (Hiranyakeshi & Nagartas waterfall). In & around Asoli, there are lot many places to see like its clean & beautiful Seashore, Sagareshwar (Shiva)Temple, which is built in the Sands, Shri Mauli Devi Temple at Shiroda & Redi, Shri Navadurga Temple at Redi, Shri Ganesh Temple (with only two hands), Shri RamPurush Temple & Swayambhoo Shiva Temple at Redi . Also Shri Vetoba & Shri Sateri Devi Temple at Aaravali-Shiroda, the Shiroda Seashore, and Shri Vetaleshwar Temple at Ajgaon are worth visiting among the others. Rameshwar (Shiva) Temple is the Gramdaivat of Vengurla. Also there is a beautiful temple of Sateri Devi in Vengurla. Shiroda has a historic importance that the Salt Satyagraha of 1930 took place here. Salt is still produced here in plenty. Soil in this Konkan region is very different, with rich greenery everywhere and a pleasant atmosphere.sindhudurg is femous for its beautiful beaches and foods.
People.
The people of Asoli speak a distinct Konkani dialect Malvani, though Marathi and English are also spoken.
सावंत जी.डी. 9421146629
तेली ए.व्ही. 9420259207
Cuisine.
The cuisine of the district is popularly known as Malvani cuisine. Cocoanut, Rice and fish assume prime significance in the Malavani cuisine. Seafood containing fish, especially Bangada (mackerel) Paplet (Pomfret), Prawns, Bombil (Bombay Duck) and Tisrya (bivalve) is very popular. "Kombdi Vade", a chicken savoury, is the most popular dish here. Others include Ukadya Tandulachi Pej (उकड्या तांदळाची पेज - a semi-fluid boiled preparation made of brown-red rice variety) and Sol Kadhi (सोल कढी - A preparation made of Sol (kokum) सोल and coconut milk). Dry fish is also a local delicasy like "Golmo"(dried prawns).
Mango is a major factor to the life. Varieties of Alphonso Mango (हापुस आंबा ) are particularly popular. Other varieties of mango: Mankur(मानकुर), Pāyari (पायरी) and Karel (करेल - used for preparing Mango Pickle) are also popular for their distinct taste.
The Malvani cuisine also has many vegetarian dishes, including garyache sandan, pickle of karmal, bimble, amba halad, karadichi bhakri, kanyacha sanja, appe, ghavan, dalimichi usual, and kaju usual.
http://www.vengurlatahsil.org/Taluka%20Map/Taluka%20Map.html
Divisions.
The 8 talukas of this district are Devgad, Kankavli, Malvan, Kudal, Savantwadi, Vengurla and Dodamarg and Vaibhavwadi.
There are 4 Vidhan Sabha constituencies in this district. These are Sawantwadi, Vengurla, Malvan and Devgad. All of these are part of the Rajapur Lok Sabha constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="20393378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393378" title="Hussein Nasser Walji">
Hussein Nasser Walji

Hussein Nasser Walji (3 September 1920-17 December 2005) served as the president of Tanzania's Dar-as-Salaam Jamaat during the expansion of the community in the 1960s, and was involved in the establishment of Mehfil-e-Asgari. He was also a founding member of the Bilal Muslim Mission. Later, Hussein Nasser moved to Canada, and never returned to his native Tanzania.
Personal life.
Little is known about Hussein Nasser's early life. His father died when he was young, so he worked in order to provide for his mother and younger brother. He married and had four daughters. He was in close association with many popular figures of his time, including Mulla Asghar, Sa'id Akhtar Rizvi, and Laurean Rugambwa.
Canada.
Hussein Nasser settled in the town of Brampton, Ontario when he moved to Canada. He spent much of his later life reading and contemplating until his death in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20393380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393380" title="True Beauty">
True Beauty

True Beauty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20393391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393391" title="Andrew Frew">
Andrew Frew

Andrew Frew (born ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for the Parramatta Eels, Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, Northern Eagles, Huddersfield Giants, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Halifax, and St. George Illawarra Dragons, as a although he could play or if needed.
A noted speedster, Frew placed second to Newcastle Knights speedster Darren Albert in a rugby league sprint for The NRL Footy Show in 1999, a race that featured other selected players from the NRL including Justin Loomans (3rd - Souths) and Michael De Vere (Brisbane) and Matthew Rieck (Penrith).
Frew was arrested in September 2012 and charged with the blackmail of a 58-year-old Lane Cove man. The man repeatedly gave Frew money as he was concerned that Frew would send information of an alleged sexual abuse of Frew's partner (at a time she was an underage prostitute) to his friends suggesting the victim was a pedophile. 
Police say Frew and another woman drove the man to ATMs between 16 June and July 2012, forcing him to withdraw thousands of dollars from ATMs.
The court heard Frew and his co-accused, a 38-year-old woman, went to the man's house, where he lived with his elderly father, and demanded money. When searched by police, the drug ice was found in his anus.

</doc>
<doc id="20393398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393398" title="Walt Disney's Timeless Tales">
Walt Disney's Timeless Tales

"Walt Disney's Timeless Tales" is a series of DVDs by Walt Disney Home Video. Each release had around one-hour of "Disney" animated short films featuring classic fairy tale adaptations. As opposed to the chronological nature of the "Walt Disney Treasures" line, each release included cartoons in no particular order. The series appeared in two waves of releases, on August 16, 2005, and January 3, 2006.
Releases.
Wave one.
The first wave of releases was on August 16, 2005.
Wave two.
The second wave of one release was on January 3, 2006.
References.
http://catalog.colapl.org/uhtbin/cgisirsi/qgglCwyOOC/LHQ/242380051/9
http://catalog.colapl.org/uhtbin/cgisirsi/kXJ7jKUsBU/LHQ/242380051/13
http://catalog.colapl.org/uhtbin/cgisirsi/BDSSEtwzlu/LHQ/242380051/13

</doc>
<doc id="20393406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393406" title="Ben Rauter">
Ben Rauter

Ben Rauter (born Saturday ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Canberra Raiders, North Queensland Cowboys, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a , or .
Outside of Rugby League.
Ben Rauter is a former student of Erindale College in Wanniassa, and is now a Police Constable in Townsville, Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="20393418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393418" title="Mitakuye Oyasin">
Mitakuye Oyasin

Mitakuye Oyasin (All Are Related) is phrase in the Lakota language. It reflects the world view of Interconnectedness held by the Lakota people.
The phrase itself, and the underlying belief of interconnectedness with all creation, is a part of many Yankton Sioux prayers, and is found in use among Lakota, Dakota and Nakota people.
Translations and themes.
The phrase translates as "all my relatives," "we are all related," or "all my relations." It is a prayer of oneness and harmony with all forms of life: other people, animals, birds, insects, trees and plants, and even rocks, rivers, mountains and valleys.
In 1940, American scholar, Joseph Epes Brown wrote a study of "Mitakuye Oyasin" and its relevance in the Sioux ideology of "underlying connection" and "oneness," and how the phrase has been misappropriated and misused as a slogan and salutation by those from outside the Lakota, Dakota and Nakota cultures.

</doc>
<doc id="20393421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393421" title="Dane Dorahy">
Dane Dorahy

Dane Dorahy (born ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Western Suburbs Magpies, Rochdale Hornets, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, and Halifax, playing at , or . He is the son of former international player and coach, John Dorahy.

</doc>
<doc id="20393434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393434" title="Adrian Brunker">
Adrian Brunker

Adrian Brunker (born ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s, playing at representative level for Queensland, and at club level for Newcastle Knights, Gold Coast Chargers, St George Dragons, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a , or .

</doc>
<doc id="20393452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393452" title="Hermann Künneth">
Hermann Künneth

Hermann Lorenz Künneth (July 6, 1892 Neustadt an der Haardt – May 7, 1975 Erlangen) was a German mathematician and renowned algebraic topologist, best known for his contribution to what is now known as the Künneth theorem.
In the winter semester 1910/11, Künneth joined the students' fraternity “Studentengesangverein Erlangen“, now “Akademisch-Musikalische Verbindung Fridericiana Erlangen“ (“Students' Choral Society Erlangen“, now “Akademic Musical Fraternity Fridericiana Erlangen“). He carried out a variety of posts during his studies as well as after having left university in 1914.
He participated in the First World War and was captured by British forces.
His 1922 doctoral thesis at the University of Erlangen was titled "Über die Bettischen Zahlen einer Produktmannigfaltigkeit" (“On the Betti numbers of a product manifold”), it was supervised by Heinrich Franz Friedrich Tietze.
From 1923, he was a teacher at secondary schools in Kronach and Erlangen. After retiring, he became professor at the University of Erlangen.
In 1964, he was decorated with the Bundesverdienstkreuz, the highest German decoration.

</doc>
<doc id="20393454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393454" title="Reuben Parsons">
Reuben Parsons

Reuben Parsons (fl. 1840–1860) was an American gambler and underworld figure in New York during the early-to mid 19th century. He was the first man, along with partner John Frink, to establish illegal gambling and policy banks. Parsons was considered the top gambler, known as the "Great American Faro Banker", and held control over illegal gambling in the city for more than two decades. His operations are considered the first major criminal organization, although neither centralized nor having a corporate-like structure, its system remaining in place for well over a century and surviving in various forms up until as late as the late 1980s.
Life.
A native of New England, Parsons originally arrived in New York City with the intention of starting his own business. He lost the small fortune he had brought with him, several thousand dollars, in a gambling house soon after his arrival. Impressed by how quickly he had lost his money, he instead decided to open his own gambling house and used his entrepreneurial skills to build a successful gambling empire by financing other gamblers. He also differed from typical gamblers by being ""dressed plainly and was unassuming in manner"". Parsons also refrained from publicly appearing at his establishments, allowing John Frink to handle the day-to-day operations, and never gambled after his first experience.
From 1840 until the 1860s, he and Frink controlled around 350 gambling parlors in Manhattan as well as employed a network of spies and informants. Their organization lacked any formal structure however, as least compared to the organized crime syndicates seen during the next century, and most operators retained independent control of their own establishments. Parsons used his income from gambling which he invested in real estate and was eventually able to retire. His operations were continued by Zachariah Simmons, supported by the Tweed Ring, who ran illegal gambling and the "policy rackets" during the post-Civil War era.

</doc>
<doc id="20393463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393463" title="Geospacial Internet">
Geospacial Internet

Geospacial Internet refers to any scheme that associates a longitude and latitude coordinate to an Internet protocol (IP) address.

</doc>
<doc id="20393464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393464" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Tripoli">
Apostolic Vicariate of Tripoli

The Apostolic Vicariate of Tripoli () is a Roman Catholic apostolic vicariate located in the city of Tripoli in Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="20393465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393465" title="Eriks Ādamsons">
Eriks Ādamsons

Eriks Ādamsons (June 22, 1907 – February 28, 1946) was a Latvian writer, poet and novelist.
Biography.
Eriks Ādamsons was born in Riga on June 22, 1907. In 1926 he started law studies in Latvian University. He made his first publication in 1924. In the 1930s he fully devoted himself to literature. Ādamsons also worked as translator (he knew: Russian, German, English and French languages). He married young Latvian writer Mirdza Ķempe in 1931, but their marriage broke apart shortly before second world war. 
In the years of German occupation he worked in book store and also in the lumbering. His works was banned by German authorities, so he published under pseudonym "Eriks Rīga". In those years his health declined, he caught tubercolosis. In 1943 he started collect materials for book about Latvian painter Kārlis Padegs. This work was never finished.
In 1944 Eriks Ādamsons married widow of Kārlis Padegs, Elvīra Berta Padega, who also suffered from tubercolosis. In 1945 they had a son Askolds, but he died after few months.
In 1946 Ādamsons health declined very fast and he died in Biķernieki sanatorium on February 28, 1946. He is buried at the Rainis Cemetery in Riga.
Literature.
Eriks Ādamsons was known as an aesthete in life and also in his works. His novels and poems are sometimes called ornamental literature because he described details very well.
His poetry is referred to through dekadence, baroque, rococo and jugendstil. His biggest influences were works by Oscar Wilde and Knut Hamsun.

</doc>
<doc id="20393467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393467" title="Loide Kasingo">
Loide Kasingo

Loide Lucky Shoopala Kasingo (born 17 February 1954 in Oshikoto Region) is a Namibian politician and prominent trade unionist. A member of the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO), Kasingo has been a member of the National Assembly of Namibia since 1996 and deputy minister from 1996 until 2005. She now serves as Deputy Speaker of Parliament.
Education.
Kasingo matriculated at Ongwediva High School in Ongwediva in 1971. She then moved on to the University of the North in South Africa, where she graduated from with a Bachelor of Jurisprudence in 1978. After taking various courses in Marketing Management in South Africa from 1983-84, Kasingo was sent to Turin, Italy for training at the International Labour Organization (ILO). In 1987, the Oshikoto Region native earned a diploma in Training Methodology for Trade Union Instructors from the ILO.
Career.
Kasingo rose to prominence as a key figure in the late 1980s as part of the National Union of Namibian Workers, a SWAPO-affiliated trade union. Following independence in 1990, Kasingo continued as a high-level member of NUNW in various functions.
When she was chosen by President Sam Nujoma to replace Ben Ulenga in the National Assembly and as deputy minister of Local and Regional Government and Housing, Kasingo was a public prosecutor in Windhoek courts. From 2000-2005, she was the deputy minister of Home Affairs. Upon the election of Hifikepunye Pohamba in 2004, Kasingo was removed as deputy minister. Despite her demotion, she was ranked eleventh by SWAPO members for National Assembly, virtually guaranteeing her a place on the body, albeit as backbencher.
Kasingo is the deputy of the Speaker of Parliament, Theo-Ben Gurirab. She is also Vice-President of the Pan African Parliament since May 2012.
Recognition.
Kasingo is honorary professor at Jilin University, China, since September 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20393483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393483" title="Andrew Hodgson (rugby)">
Andrew Hodgson (rugby)

Andrew "Andy" Hodgson (born ) is a professional rugby league and rugby union footballer of the 1990s, 2000s and '10s, playing club level rugby league (RL) for Bradford Bulls, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a , or , and playing club level rugby union (RU) for Wharfedale R.U.F.C., as a Centre, i.e. number 12 or 13.

</doc>
<doc id="20393487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393487" title="Museumsdorf Niedersulz">
Museumsdorf Niedersulz

Museumsdorf Niedersulz is an open air museum in Austria that displays traditional buildings and architecture from the Weinviertel. It is located in the village of Sulz im Weinviertel, about 45 km north of Vienna in the province of Lower Austria. The Museumsdorf Niedersulz has over 80 original buildings and structures that have been transported from their original sites.
The Village-Museum of Niedersulz is the largest open-air museum in Lower Austria and was founded in 1979. It consists of 80 historical buildings. Taken from around the region, these were torn down and rebuilt here from their original parts.
The Village-Museum is laid out in the form of a row-village. This is a traditional form of settlement set along a stream going back to the year 1000 AD. The houses along Village Street (Dorfstraße) are rectangular in shape. They consist of a housing unit, a stable, an oblong shed and an out-building which also delineates the back side of the piece of property.
In addition to the main attraction of the buildings themselves some of the crafting buildings operate on weekends to give demonstrations of traditional rural crafts and techniques. In on the building complexes there are also farmyard animals.

</doc>
<doc id="20393504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393504" title="William Busteed">
William Busteed

William H. Busteed (1848–?) was an American gambler and underworld figure in New York City at the start of the 20th century. The owner of a successful Broadway gambling resort, he was one of several men who rivaled "Honest" John Kelly, a leading political figure in Tammany Hall, as well as other prominent gamblers such as Sam Emery, Dinky Davis and John Daly.
In July 1920, he and David Gideon were indicted after their gambling house in Hewletts was raided by Neil H. Vandewater, council for the Nassau County Association, along with state troopers and several of his friends. Upon gaining entry, they found a secret door which opened electronically by a push button under the carpet hiding roulette tables and other gambling equipment. These were confiscated and taken to Mineola, Long Island along with five operators who named Busteed and Gideon as the owners. 
Busteed and Gideon were among the first men convicted during the Nassau County's seven-month campaign against illegal gambling known as the "John Doe inquiry". Although both men were in their early seventies, Judge Townsend Scutter was unwilling to grant leniency unless they provided information on county officials who supported their activities. Their case remanded until October 18, Busteed pled guilty to running a gambling house and fined $1,000. Gideon and the others were given similar sentences. Busteed was later scheduled to be the chief witness in a major gambling case involving four Nassau County officials, Assemblyman Thomas McWhinney, Supervisor G. Wilber Doughty, Sheriff Charles W. Smith and Postmaster Thomas H. O'Keafe, but disappeared days before the trial.

</doc>
<doc id="20393508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393508" title="Matt Wray">
Matt Wray

Matt Wray is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Featherstone Rovers, and Hunslet Hawks, as a .

</doc>
<doc id="20393518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393518" title="UD Arroyomolinos">
UD Arroyomolinos

UD Arroyomolinos is a club of football of Arroyomolinos in the Community of Madrid, in Spain. Founded in 1993, its plays in Preferente, its stadium is "Estadio La Dehesa".

</doc>
<doc id="20393531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393531" title="Richard Lonergan">
Richard Lonergan

Richard "Peg Leg" Lonergan (January 16, 1900 - December 26, 1925) was an American underworld figure and labor racketeer. He was a high-ranking member and the final leader of the White Hand Gang. He succeeded Bill Lovett after his murder in 1923 and, under his leadership, led a two-year campaign against Frankie Yale over the New York waterfront until he and five of his lieutenants were killed in South Brooklyn during a Christmas Day celebration at the Adonis Social Club in 1925.
Biography.
Richard Lonergan was one of fifteen children, among them being Anna Lonergan known as "Queen of the Irishtown docks", born to local prize fighter and bare knuckle boxer John Lonergan. Raised in Irishtown, an Irish-American enclave between the Manhattan and Brooklyn waterfront, he later lost his right leg in a trolley car accident as a child from which his underworld nickname "Peg Leg" originated. A childhood friend and later brother-in-law of Bill Lovett, Lonergan had earned a fearsome reputation in Irishtown and on the Brooklyn waterfront as a vicious street brawler after killing a Sicilian drug dealer in a Navy Street bike shop. Believed by authorities to have been involved in at least a dozen murders during his criminal career, he was reportedly well known for his hatred of Italian-Americans and would occasionally lead "ginzo hunting" expeditions in saloons and dive bars along the waterfront. He became the leader of the White Hand Gang shortly after the murder of its leader Bill Lovett in 1923. Lonergan spent the next two years battling Frankie Yale over control of the New York waterfront. 
On the night of December 25, 1925, Lonergan and five of his men entered the Adonis Social Club during a Christmas celebration. Lonergan and the other White handers, according to witnesses, were intoxicated and being unruly to other patrons. Lonergan himself loudly and openly called nearby customers "wops", "dagos" and other ethnic slurs. When three local Irish girls entered the club escorted by their Italian dates, Lonergan chased them out supposedly yelling at them to "Come back with white men, fer chrissake!" It was at that moment that the lights went out and gunfire was heard. Customers rushed for the exits in a panic as glass was shattered as well as tables and chairs being overturned. As police arrived, they found one of Lonergan's men, his best friend Aaron Harms, dead in the street and they followed a blood trail into the club where they found Lonergan and drug addict Cornelius "Needles" Ferry on the dance floor near a player piano shot execution style. A fourth member, James Hart, managed to escape, having been found a few blocks away crawling on the sidewalk after being shot in the thigh and leg. He was taken to the Cumberland Street Hospital where he eventually recovered but refused to cooperate with police. He denied being at the club claiming he had been shot by a stray bullet from a passing car. The two other members, Joseph "Ragtime Joe" Howard and Patrick "Happy" Maloney, were apparently unaccounted for leaving no witnesses willing to testify. Although seven men had been arrested in connection to the shooting, including a visiting Al Capone, all the men were released on bail ranging from $5,000 to $10,000 and the case was eventually dismissed. 
Anna Lonergan publicly blamed the gangland shooting on "foreigners" commenting "You can bet it was no Irish American like ourselves who would stage a mean murder like this on Christmas Day". The killings are generally attributed to Capone, in partnership with Frankie Yale, although these often colorful accounts are sometimes vague and inconsistent but allege that the incident was prearranged. It is with the death of Lonergan however that the White Hand Gang disappeared from the Brooklyn waterfront allowing Frankie Yale and eventually the Five Families to take control.

</doc>
<doc id="20393534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393534" title="Ian Talbot">
Ian Talbot

Ian Talbot (born ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Wigan Warriors, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, and Dewsbury Rams, as a .
After ending his playing career, Talbot began coaching at St Helens RLFC in 2002 as assistant coach to Keiron Purtill for the Under-18's side. He progressed through the coaching ranks at Saints and spent four years as head coach of their Under-20's before becoming head coach of Rochdale Hornets in October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20393539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393539" title="Stydd Hall">
Stydd Hall

Stydd Hall (Castle) is a country house located near to the village of Yeaveley, Derbyshire, west of Derby, close to the A515 between Wyaston to the north, Great Cubley to the south, Yeaveley to the east and Alkmonton to the northeast. Stydd had formerly been an independent township but has all but disappeared: the hall and a farm are all that remains. 
Stydd Hall is still occupied and in use as a farmhouse but had previously been described as in need of repair and restoration. <br>The hall remains private property, but is visible from adjacent public footpaths.
History and buildings.
It was originally a medieval fortified preceptory, of the Knights Hospitaller, known as Yeaveley Preceptory (or sometimes Stydd Preceptory) founded in 1190. The present site consists of a large moated platform, which supports the remains of the 13th-century chapel of St Mary and St John the Baptist, dissolved in 1540 as part of dissolution of the monasteries. The north wall, with its doorway and three lancet windows, stands to roof height. In the centre of the platform and built on the foundations of the domestic ranges of the preceptory, is a 17th-century brick tower house with a substantial quantity of medieval masonry in the south wall. The house is mainly Elizabethan or Jacobean in date, with mid-19th-century alterations. The chapel is a Grade I listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="20393540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393540" title="Vince Fawcett">
Vince Fawcett

Vince Fawcett (born in Leeds) is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s, playing at club level for Leeds, Workington Town, Parramatta Eels, Oldham Bears, Warrington Wolves, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a , .
He struggled to fulfil his potential in a star-studded but underachieving Leeds side, but thrived in a big-fish-in-a-small-pond role at Workington Town in the 1994–95 season when Workington Town, back in the game's top division, secured a mid-table finish. Fawcett enjoyed an excellent season and scored three tries against his old side.
Vince Fawcett's form alerted Parramatta Eels where he enjoyed a successful short stint in 1995 where he is best remembered for a match-winning performance against big rivals Sydney Bulldogs, as his two tries helped the Parramatta Eels register a shock win.
The big centre returned to England with Oldham Bears in 1997, scoring only three tries, but they all came in the same game against Challenge Cup holders, St. Helens. He went on to play Super League for Warrington Wolves and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats.
International honours.
Vince Fawcett appeared for Great Britain at Under-21 level.
Family Information.
Vince Fawcett's son, Benn Fawcett, has played in the junior ranks of home town club, Leeds Rhinos, he attended Lawnswood School.

</doc>
<doc id="20393546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393546" title="Alfred Songoro">
Alfred Songoro

Alfred Songoro (born ) is a professional rugby league footballer, playing at representative level for Papua New Guinea, and at club level for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, and Union Treiziste Catalan, as a , or .
International honours.
Alfred Songoro won caps for Tonga in 2000 against Australia, in the 2000 World Cup against France, South Africa, Tonga, and Wales, and in 2001 against Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20393553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393553" title="Middlesex and Monmouth Turnpike">
Middlesex and Monmouth Turnpike

Middlesex and Monmouth Turnpike was the name of two turnpikes chartered in New Jersey. 
The first, chartered on March 13, 1863, was to run from the crossing of the Camden and Amboy Rail Road at Old Bridge to the Monmouth County Plank Road at Matawan. After the turnpike ceased operation, much of this route would later become a part of County Route 516.
The second was chartered on March 4, 1868, and was to run from the road "from Mount's Mills to Old Bridge" (present-day County Route 527) to the Monmouth County Plank Road at Matawan. Much of this route consisted of present-day Texas Road. This turnpike was never constructed.

</doc>
<doc id="20393554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393554" title="Andy Speak">
Andy Speak

Andy Speak is a professional rugby league footballer, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC, Leeds Rhinos, Sheffield Eagles, Halifax, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Castleford Tigers, Dewsbury Rams, Doncaster, and Batley Bulldogs, as a .

</doc>
<doc id="20393558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393558" title="Jebata">
Jebata

Jebata (also Jebatha, Jabata, Jibbata and Jibta) was a small Palestinian village located 25 kilometres southeast of Haifa on a mound in the Galilee, not far from the villages of Yafa an-Naseriyye, Al-Mujaydil and Ma'alul. The village and its name are identified with the ancient town of Gabatha, which is mentioned by Eusebius of Caesarea and Jerome as lying within the borders of "Diocaesarea" near the great plain of Legio or Esdraelon.
History.
Laurence Oliphant wrote of a visit he made to Jebata which was published in the Quarterly Statement of the Palestine Exploration Fund in January 1885. He relates the discovery by the villagers of what appeared to be a large underground tomb, describing a chamber of solid masonry with a vaulted roof and other chambers hewn from the rock. 
Jabata was one of five villages purchased by the Jewish National Fund (JNF) in 1924; the others being Afuleh, Sulam, Shatta and Knayfis. These five villages had a combined population of about 3,000 to 4,000 people. Because the villagers paid tithes to the Sursock family in Beirut for the right to work the agricultural lands in the villages, they were deemed tenant farmers by the British Mandate authorities in Palestine, and the right of the Sursock family to sell the land to the JNF was upheld by the authorities. The built-up areas of the village, which included people's homes, were not the property of the Sursocks, but without land to cultivate, the transaction left the villagers without their means of livelihood. 
On November 28, 1926, Gvat, a kibbutz, was established in its place. Jibta is one of a few villages named by Moshe Dayan in his 1969 statement regarding how there is not a single place built in the modern Jewish state of Israel that did not have a former Arab population.

</doc>
<doc id="20393561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393561" title="Deon Bird">
Deon Bird

Deon Bird (born ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Paris Saint-Germain, Adelaide Rams, Gateshead Thunder, Hull, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Widnes Vikings, and Castleford Tigers, mostly playing at fullback and centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20393580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393580" title="Medicine Hat Public Library">
Medicine Hat Public Library

Medicine Hat Public Library is a public library located in Medicine Hat, Alberta, Canada. It has over 10,000 annual members throughout Medicine Hat. It is a member of the Shortgrass Library System and The Alberta Library.
Backing onto the scenic South Saskatchewan River, the library is located across the street from the Esplanade Arts and Heritage Centre and next to the Court of Queen’s Bench on First Street S.E. in downtown Medicine Hat.
General information.
The dual-level facility, renovated in 2008, features a children’s library, dedicated young adult section, adult fiction, movies, music and audio books on the upper level. The main checkout, self-checkout kiosks and the Information & Memberships counter are located on this level as well.
The lower level is home to the reference collection, adult non-fiction, periodicals, microfilm readers and public computer terminals. The 180 seat theatre and both the Honor Currie and Legion meeting rooms are also found on this level.
Partnerships.
Medicine Hat Public Library is a member of "The Alberta Library", a province-wide system that allows access to material from every member library in Alberta.
Energy conservation.
The City of Medicine Hat installed a one kilowatt solar electric system on the roof of the library during the summer of 2006. The building now draws part of its electricity from the solar panel. Power generation from the 1 kW solar panel array is performing as expected. The historical measurements of the solar array are within expectations consistent with theoretical calculations used in methods provided by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory. In the first 5 years of operation, the solar array generated 5-6 thousand kWh. Not considering upfront capital and installation costs, the total associated electrical energy consumption savings are approximately $600–800 over the same time period. The amount of electricity generated can also be viewed in real time.
Statistics 2012.
Library In-person Visits: 240,513<br>
Library Virtual Visits: 269,614<br>
Items Borrowed: 507,542<br>
Library Members: 10,589<br>
Total of all Collections: 166,580<br>
Items Lent to Other Libraries: 28,382<br>
Programs: 797<br>
Program Participants: 17,367<br>
Public Internet Use: 25,768 sessions<br>
Reference questions Answered: 18,733<br>
Volunteers: 151; 2721 hours <br>

</doc>
<doc id="20393610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393610" title="323d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron">
323d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron

The 323d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with Air Defense Command at Ernest Harmon Air Force Base, Newfoundland, where it was inactivated on 1 July 1960.
The squadron was first activated as the 323d Fighter Squadron during World War II. The unit served as a crew training unit until it was disbanded in a major reorganization of Army Air Forces units in the United States in 1944.
The squadron was reconstituted in 1953 as Air Defense Command expanded in the early 1950s. It initially provided defense for the Northwestern United States, but in 1957 moved to Newfoundland where it performed the same mission until inactivated in 1960.
History.
World War II.
The squadron was first activated in August 1942 at Mitchel Field, New York as one of the original three squadrons of the 327th Fighter Group. The following month it moved to its permanent home at Richmond Army Air Base, Virginia. The squadron initially performed acted as an operational training unit with Curtiss P-40 Warhawks as part of the I Fighter Command of First Air Force for single-engine pilots who had just graduated from Army Air Forces Training Command advanced flying schools. It was an oversized unit providing cadres to newly organized "satellite groups". After February 1944, the squadron became a replacement training unit training pilots in the Republic P-47D Thunderbolt before they were sent overseas to combat units as replacement pilots.
However, the Army Air Forces (AAF) was finding that standard military units, based on relatively inflexible tables of organization, were proving less well adapted to the training mission. Accordingly a more functional system was adopted in which each base was organized into a separate numbered unit. The squadron was disbanded in 1944 as the AAF converted to the AAF Base Unit system and replaced by the 390th Army Air Forces Base Unit, Squadron "A", which assumed its mission, personnel and equipment.
Cold War Air Defense.
The 323d was reconstituted as the 323d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron under the 25th Air Division of Air Defense Command (ADC) at Larson Air Force Base, Washington in November 1952 as part of the buildup of air defense interceptor units in the United States during the early years of the Cold War. The squadron was temporarily attached to the 4702d Defense Wing, until the 4704th Defense Wing became operational following its move from California to Washington. The squadron mission was air defense of the Pacific Northwest, particularly the Grand Coulee Dam and the Hanford Nuclear Reservation. The squadron was temporarily equipped with World War II era North American F-51 Mustangs, but upgraded to HVAR rocket armed and airborne intercept radar equipped North American F-86D Sabre jet interceptors in 1953.
In the summer of 1955 ADC implemented Project Arrow, which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units which had compiled memorable records in the two world wars. As part of this project, the 327th Fighter Group was activated to replace the 520th Air Defense Group at Truax Field, Wisconsin Because Project Arrow also reunited squadrons with their traditional group headquarters, the 323nd moved on paper to Truax, where it assumed the mission, personnel and aircraft of the 432d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, which moved on paper to another ADC base. The unit's new mission was air defense of the upper Great Lakes region. In November 1956, the squadron upgraded to supersonic Convair F-102 Delta Daggers equipped with data link to communicate directly with Semi-Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) computers located in combat control centers and armed with the AIM-4 Falcon Missile.
The squadron transferred in 1957 to Ernest Harmon AFB, Newfoundland, swapping stations with the 61st Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, which moved to Truax from Harmon. Its mission became air defense of the Newfoundland Straits and the Great Circle polar route from the Soviet Union over Greenland to Canada and the United States. In 1960 it was assigned directly to the Goose Air Defense Sector, but was inactivated later that year due to the emerging threat of missiles rather than manned aircraft.
References.
Bibliography.
Further reading

</doc>
<doc id="20393611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393611" title="Christophe Boesch">
Christophe Boesch

Christophe Boesch (born 8 November 1951 in St. Gallen, Switzerland) is a primatologist who studies chimpanzees. He and his wife work together, and he has both written articles and directed documentaries about chimpanzees.
He is of French and Swiss nationality. He received his degree in biology from the University of Geneva, and his Ph.D. from the University of Zurich in 1984. His dissertation was entitled "Nut-Cracking Behaviour of Wild Chimpanzees". After this, he attended the University of Basel, to receive a degree in habilitation in 1994.
Boesch's first field experience was in 1973, conducting census work on the Mountain Gorillas of Virunga National Park in Rwanda, under the supervision of Dian Fossey. In 1975 and 1977 he taught at a secondary school in Geneva; followed by time as an assistant in the Department of Ethology and Wildlife Research at the University of Zurich. In 1976, Boesch began his work with chimpanzees at Taï National Park in Côte d'Ivoire. One of his current ongoing projects was begun in 1979, studying the "ecology, social organization, tool-use, hunting, cooperation, food-sharing, inter-community relationships, and cognitive capacities" of the chimpanzees at Taï National Park.
Since 1997, he has been the Director of the Department of Primatology of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany. He is also the founder and president of the Wild Chimpanzee Foundation.
Boesch and several other scientists have found evidence about how easily disease can be passed from human tourists and researchers to the great apes they are observing; this research has helped to make great ape tourism more hygienic.

</doc>
<doc id="20393613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393613" title="Home Equity Theft Prevention Act">
Home Equity Theft Prevention Act

The Home Equity Theft Prevention Act ("HETPA", NY RPL §265-a) was passed in response to a recent scam which targeted homeowners in financial distress (often elderly or unsophisticated homeowners). The scam has taken many forms, but it usually consists of the purchaser ("equity purchaser") convincing a homeowner who was in default or foreclosure ("equity seller") to sell on the promise (often oral) that the equity purchaser could save the equity seller's home (e.g., transfer it to me and then I will lease it back to you for a year or transfer it to me and then I will allow you to make payments on the amount you are behind and transfer the property back once you pay it off). However, once the transfer was made, the equity purchaser would then sell off the property and cash in on the equity seller's equity. For example, suppose an equity seller owned a home worth $300,000 with a mortgage of $250,000 on which the equity seller was in default. The equity purchaser would come in and say, "I can help save you from all the costs of the foreclosure process. Just transfer it to me and I will take care of it for you." The equity purchaser would then sell the home at market value and keep the $50,000.
Covered Contract.
The Act aims to prevent this scam by adding additional protections to those contracts that are considered "covered."
A contract is covered if it is either (i) currently in foreclosure or on a tax lien sale list; or (ii) the owner is in default (behind on mortgage payments by 2+ months) and the sale involves a reconveyance agreement.
A Reconveyance Arrangement has two elements: (i) A sale, mortgage, lien, encumbrance or any other method which allows an “equity purchaser” to obtain legal or equitable title to all or part of the property; and (ii) Some agreement or promise to the “equity seller” that he/she can regain ownership of the property (e.g., the purchase agreement, option to purchase, lease, etc.)
There are some key requirements for a valid reconveyance agreement. The equity purchaser needs the equity seller’s permission to resell the property to anyone else for so long as the equity seller has a right to buy the property back.
Either (i) title to the property must eventually be reconveyed to the equity seller; or (ii) the equity purchaser must have paid seller at least 82% of the fair market value of the property within 120 days of the eviction or voluntary relinquishment by the equity seller.
The equity purchaser must confirm that the equity seller has the “reasonable ability” to buy back the property and the deed must recite that the property is subject to reconveyance and the terms of the reconveyance arrangement.
Contractual Requirements.
Once a contract is determined to be covered by the Act, there are some strict contractual requirements that must be met:
The contract must contain the ENTIRE AGREEMENT between the parties and must meet the following format requirements:
Contract must be fully completed (i.e., no blank spaces); Font size equal to at least 12-point bold type; In English or in both English or Spanish if Spanish is the primary language of the equity seller; Name, address and phone number of the buyer; Address of the subject property; Consideration to be paid; List of all services that buyer has promised; Terms for payment of the consideration; Time at which possession of the property must be surrendered; Terms of any rental or lease agreement; Terms of any reconveyance agreement; Notice of right to cancellation in the immediate proximity of signature line and font in at least 14-point bold type (form in HEPTA); and Notice of cancellation form to be attached to the contract (form in HEPTA)
Any provision which purports to limit the liability of the equity purchaser shall be null and void. Inclusion of such a provision shall, at the option of the equity seller, render the covered contract void. Any provision which purports to require arbitration shall be void at the option of the equity seller. Any waiver of any or all HEPTA shall be void and unenforceable as contrary to the public policy.
5-Day Right of Recission.
The Act also gives the equity seller a five-day right to cancel the contract; a “cooling off” period. Once an equity seller cancels the contract by sending the cancellation form or otherwise indicating such an intention, the equity purchaser must return all original contracts and other documents signed by the equity seller within 10 days, as well as any fee or other consideration received by the equity purchaser from the equity seller. Cancellation of the contract releases the equity seller of all obligations to pay fees to the equity purchaser.
Prohibited Behavior–Subdivision 7.
Before Midnight on the 5th business day after the contract is executed, the equity purchaser cannot: Accept a deed; Record any document with the county clerk; Transfer any interest in the residence; Pay the equity seller any consideration; Suggest that the equity seller waive his/her right to cancel or rescind.
The equity purchaser is prohibited from representing (directly or indirectly) that: Equity purchaser is an advisor or acting on behalf of the equity seller; Equity purchaser has certification that buyer actually does not have or that buyer is not a member of a licensed profession when he actually is a member of that profession; Equity purchaser is helping the equity seller “save” the residence, unless equity purchaser has a good faith basis for such representation; or Equity purchaser is helping the equity seller in preventing a foreclosure unless the equity purchaser has a good faith basis for such representation
An equity purchaser shall make no false or misleading statement regarding: The value of the property; The amount of proceeds the equity seller will receive after a foreclosure sale; The timing of the judicial foreclosure process; Any contract term
The equity seller’s rights and obligations; The nature of any document which the equity purchaser induces the equity seller to sign; Any other false or misleading statement concerning the sale of the property or concerning a reconveyance arrangement
The equity purchaser is prohibited from making any contract that takes unconscionable advantage of the equitable seller.
Remedies.
2-Year Right of Rescission - Generally, a violation of the contractual requirements or any of the prohibited acts in Subdivision 7 makes the conveyance voidable and may be rescinded within 2 years of the date the deed was recorded. The statute then gives the equity purchaser (or its successor) twenty days to reconvey the property on the condition of repayment of any consideration paid to the equity seller. HEPTA does not affect the rights of a bona-fide purchaser or encumbrancer for value if their conveyance occurred before the recording of the notice of rescission.
6-Year Statute of Limitations - Within 6 years, an equity seller may bring an action for the recovery of damages or equitable relief against an equity purchaser for a violation of HEPTA. A court may award actual damages plus reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs. The court is also authorized to award equitable relief of up to 3 times the actual damages.
There are also criminal penalties for violation of prohibited behavior listed in Subdivision 7:
Violation “with intent to defraud” = class E felony, subject to imprisonment and a fine of not more than $25,000. “Knowingly violates” = Class A misdemeanor, subject to a fine of not more than $25,000 and imprisonment in accordance with the penal law, or both.
A mortgage broker or bank making a loan with knowledge that the equity purchaser is not complying with HEPTA is subject to penalties under Banking Law §595-a. These criminal penalties are in addition to the risk that the equity seller will rescind and thereby jeopardize the encumbrancer’s interest in the property.
Exclusions.
Those who acquire title as follows are excluded from HETPA:
(i) To use, and then actually uses, the property as his/her primary residence;
(ii) By a deed from a referee in a foreclosure sale;
(iii) At any sale of property authorized by statute;
(iv) By order or judgment of any court;
(v) From a spouse, or from a parent, grandparent, child, grandchild or sibling of such person or such person’s spouse;
(vi) As a not-for-profit housing organization or as a public housing agency; or
What is a Bona Fide Purchaser? One who (i) acts in good faith; (ii) purchases for valuable consideration or provide a mortgage; (iii) has no notice of the equity seller’s continuing right to, or equity in, the property prior to the acquisition of title or encumbrance; (iv) has no notice of any violation of HETPA by the equity purchaser as related to the property. Generally, this is one who either purchases from or provides a loan to the equity purchaser.
An equity purchaser has a defense to a violation of Subdivision 7 if he/she (i) acted in good faith; (ii) proves that the violation was not intentional (iii) proves that the violation resulted from a bona fide error despite procedures adapted to avoid such errors; (iv) notifies the equity seller within ninety days of the contract date of the compliance failure; Makes appropriate restitution within ninety days of the contract date.
Examples of bona fide errors include clerical, calculation, computer malfunction and programming, and printing errors. An error of legal judgment is NOT a bona fide error, nor is a failure to provide notices or other material information.
Impact on Deeds in Lieu.
There is some confusion as to whether HEPTA applies to deeds in lieu of foreclosure since there is no clear exclusion as there is for referee deeds, for example. The 2-year right of rescission is not a risk that banks or title insurers are comfortable with, especially given the complexities of compliance, so many banks and title insurers are not willing to work with deeds in lieu.

</doc>
<doc id="20393614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393614" title="Phil Hassan">
Phil Hassan

Phil Hassan (born ) is a professional rugby league and rugby union footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing club level rugby league (RL) for Leeds, Salford City Reds, Halifax, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, and Swinton Lions, as a , or , and playing club level rugby union (RU) for Worcester, and Fylde.
Leeds career.
Phil Hassan joined Leeds in August 1993, making his début in his first season. Phil Hassan joined from Wigan based amateur club St Paul's. Phil Hassan played against his home town club in the crushing Premiership Trophy Final of 1995. Phil Hassan was a regular in the Leeds first team squad over the next three seasons but his big break through came at the start of Super League when he made 24 appearances and scored four tries. Phil Hassan established himself in the Leeds first team and kicked on the following season, missing only one game and scoring 11 tries, including a spectacular long range try in both games against Salford that season. In total, Phil Hassan played 71 times for Leeds scoring 16 tries, however the arrival of Brad Godden meant there was no place for Hassan at Headingley.
Rugby career.
Phil Hassan moved on from Leeds at the end of the 1997 season, switching codes to play rugby union with Worcester (RU). Phil Hassan returned to rugby league with Salford City Reds before joining Halifax in 2000. At the end of the 2001 season Phil Hassan was released by the Blue Sox and again switched codes to join Fylde (RU), in April 2002 again returned to rugby league joining Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, and later Swinton Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="20393626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393626" title="Andrew Kirk (rugby league)">
Andrew Kirk (rugby league)

Andrew "Andy" Kirk (born in Leeds) is an English professional rugby league footballer, playing at club level for Leeds Rhinos, Salford City Reds, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Halifax, Widnes Vikings, and Featherstone Rovers, as a , or .

</doc>
<doc id="20393634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393634" title="Jon Whittle">
Jon Whittle

Jon Whittle (born ) is a professional rugby union and rugby league footballer playing club level rugby union (RU), for Orrell R.U.F.C., and playing club level rugby league (RL), for Wigan Warriors, Widnes Vikings, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, and Featherstone Rovers, as a , or .

</doc>
<doc id="20393644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393644" title="Heikki Huttunen">
Heikki Huttunen

Heikki Huttunen (26 September 1880 – 21 September 1947) was a Finnish sport shooter who competed at the 1908, the 1912 and the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Piippola and died in Helsinki.
1908 London
In the 1908 Summer Olympics he participated in the following events:
1912 Stockholm
Four years later at the 1912 Summer Olympics he participated in the following events:
1924 Paris
In 1924 at the Paris Games he participated in the following events:

</doc>
<doc id="20393645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393645" title="Sean Richardson (rugby league)">
Sean Richardson (rugby league)

Sean Richardson (born Tuesday ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s playing at club level for Blackbrook (in Blackbrook, St Helens), Featherstone Rovers, Castleford Tigers, Widnes Vikings (twice), Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Dewsbury Rams, Leigh Centurions, and Batley Bulldogs as a , or .
First Division Grand Final Appearances.
Sean Richardson was a substitute in Wakefield Trinity's 24-22 victory over Featherstone Rovers in the 1998 First Division Grand Final at McAlpine Stadium, Huddersfield on 26 September 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20393648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393648" title="Presidio mutiny">
Presidio mutiny

The Presidio mutiny was a sit-down protest carried out by 27 prisoners at the Presidio stockade in San Francisco, California on October 14, 1968. The stiff sentences given out at courts martial for the participants (known as the Presidio 27) attracted attention to the extent of sentiment against the Vietnam War in the armed forces.
Prelude.
Two events set the stage for the protest. The first was the death of Richard Bunch, a prisoner in the stockade, who was killed on October 11 with a shotgun blast after walking away from a work detail. Other prisoners stated that he taunted guards to shoot him. That evening there was a vocal protest against the killing. Conditions in the stockade were overcrowded, with up to 140 prisoners housed in a space intended for 88, and there were charges of mistreatment by guards.
The protest was set into motion, however, by a group of four AWOL soldiers who turned themselves in the next day at the end of a large anti-war march in San Francisco, where the Presidio is located. The military had made attempts to prevent service members from participating in the march, ordering up mandatory formations and special maneuvers which would keep men on base. Nevertheless a large contingent of several hundred active duty and reserve servicemen marched at the front of the parade. The four AWOL soldiers (Linden Blake, Keith Mather, Walter Pawlowski, and Randy Rowland), having been put in the stockade, met with prisoners over the weekend and convinced them to participate in a protest over prisoner conditions and against the war.
The protest.
The protest was carried out during the morning formation on Monday the 14th. 28 prisoners broke ranks and sat in the grass, singing "We Shall Overcome". One of them returned to ranks when challenged, but the remainder continued to sing, with Pawlowski reading a list of demands. After orders to disperse were ignored, the camp commandant read the articles of mutiny, and eventually the protest was broken up by military police, who removed the protesters one at a time.
The trials.
The protesters were tried in small groups in the spring of 1969. By that time three of the prisoners had escaped. As the first defendants were sentenced to 15, 14, and 16 years at hard labor, national attention was focused on the severity of punishment for a non-violent protest. The charge of mutiny was particularly denounced, given that it potentially could carry the death penalty (though prosecutors had agreed in advance not to seek such extreme penalties); even the officer in charge of the preliminary investigation recommended reduction of charges to "willful disobedience", but was overruled by Lt. Gen. Stanley Larsen, commander of the Sixth Army.
On appeal, the long sentences for mutiny were voided by the Court of Military Review in June 1970, and reduced to short sentences for willful disobedience of a superior officer. Rowland, for example, was released in 1970 after a year and a half imprisonment. The three escapees (Blake, Mather, and Pawlowski) fled to Canada, with Mather remaining fugitive until 1985.
Aftermath.
The Presidio mutiny was the first of a number of protests and riots that drew attention to anti-war dissent within the military. It brought press investigation of the conditions at the stockade and of the situations of the protesters. For example, it was determined that none of those convicted had been given the non-combatant assignment promised by recruiters.
The book "The Unlawful Concert" by Fred Gardner (Viking Press, 1970) reviews the affair in detail. In 1980 the movie "The Line" depicted a fictionalized version of events. The episode is also examined in the 2005 documentary "Sir! No Sir!", which examined military resistance to the Vietnam War.

</doc>
<doc id="20393650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393650" title="KDS">
KDS

KDS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20393668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393668" title="Danny Halliwell">
Danny Halliwell

Danny Halliwell (born ) is a professional rugby league footballer playing at club level for Halifax (twice), Wakefield Trinity, Warrington, Leigh, Salford, Oldham and Blackpool, as a , or .
Danny Halliwell is the grandson of 1960s Swinton prop forward Ken Halliwell.

</doc>
<doc id="20393678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393678" title="Preobrazheniye">
Preobrazheniye

Preobrazheniye (Lit. "Transfiguration" in Russian) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20393681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393681" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Francistown">
Apostolic Vicariate of Francistown

The Apostolic Vicariate of Francistown () is a Roman Catholic apostolic Vicariate located in the city of Francistown, Botswana, in the Ecclesiastical province of Bloemfontein in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20393682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393682" title="Nathan Batty">
Nathan Batty

Nathan Batty is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Dewsbury Rams, and Featherstone Rovers, as a .

</doc>
<doc id="20393685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393685" title="Secrets (1924 film)">
Secrets (1924 film)

Secrets (1924) is a silent film directed by Frank Borzage. The film is based upon an 1872 opera called "Don César de Bazan" and was remade in 1933 with Mary Pickford in the leading role. Although the film has never been released on video or DVD, copies still exist.
Plot.
The films opens in present. 75-year-old Mary Carlton is depressed over her husband John's illness. She feels her life has no use if he dies. She starts reading her diary, after which the film jumps to 1865 in the time she fell in love with John. She feels she has to hide her love from her strict mother, fearing she will disapprove because of their social class differences. Mary lives within the very wealthy Marlowe family and grows up to be a lady with manners, while John is a working class employee.
When her parents find out about the affair, they are outraged. They forbid her from ever seeing John again. However, Mary tells them she only loves John and will never marry anybody if she can't see him anymore. Her father William locks her in her room until she stops being a rebel. Meanwhile, she receives a letter from John, who announces he has been fired over their love affair. Later that night, John sneaks into her room by the balcony and announces he will leave for America. Despite knowing her parents won't ever talk to her again, she decides to go with him.
Before they can leave, William comes in. He tells Mary he will send her to Scotland to live with her grandmother. After he leaves the room, Mary writes a farewell letter and sneaks off with John. By the time it's 1870, she lives with John in a poor house. He works all day, while Mary is giving birth to a son. One day, a gang threatens to kill John. He wants to surrender so they won't kill Mary and the baby as well, but Mary demands him to fight. He does as his wife tells him and eventually defeats the gang.
Years pass by. In 1888, Mary celebrates her 39th birthday and is having contact with her family again. She finds out John is having a mistress, Estelle. Mary feels humiliated, but Estelle makes things worse when she confronts Mary with the fact she can't make her husband happy. Mary grants her husband a divorce, but he doesn't want to leave her. He admits he has had an affair with Estelle, but that it didn't mean anything. They reunite, although John announces he has lost all of his money. The film goes back to present, where Mary is told her husband has recovered from his illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20393695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393695" title="George Truelove">
George Truelove

George Truelove (born in Newcastle) is an English professional rugby union and rugby league footballer, playing club level rugby union (RU) for Ballymena R.F.C., Saracens F.C., Bedford, Coventry R.F.C., and Union Sportive Bressane, as a Wing, i.e. number 11 or 14, and playing club level rugby league (RL) for London Broncos, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a , i.e. number 2 or 5.

</doc>
<doc id="20393704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393704" title="Paul Hicks (rugby league)">
Paul Hicks (rugby league)

Paul Hicks (born ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Normanton, Wakefield Trinity, Batley Bulldogs, and Dewsbury Rams, as a .

</doc>
<doc id="20393706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393706" title="Windsor Family Credit Union">
Windsor Family Credit Union

Windsor Family Credit Union is located in Windsor, Ontario, Canada. It is the seventh largest credit union in Ontario operating seven retail locations and serving 33,000 members including 30,000 personal members in 15,700 households, 1,760 businesses and 1,300 organizations. WFCU membership is open to anyone who lives and/or works in Ontario. 
History.
Through amalgamations and other arrangements, four Chrysler Canada credit unions, a General Motors credit union and eight other local credit unions were merged to create what is today WFCU.
Operating in Windsor and the surrounding area, WFCU began in 1941 with assets of less than $10,000 and now has $1.6 billion in Managed Assets and Member Service Totals of $2.4 billion.
Organization.
Committed to the communities it serves, WFCU is proud to display the Imagine Caring Company logo. Every year hundreds of local community organizations experience first-hand the benefits of several elements of WFCU's overall Community Investment Program, such as The Community 1 Free Chequing Account, Community Rooms, Scholarships, Donations, Sponsorships, Multi-Year Capital Giving and the Community Donations Fund. 
WFCU stresses the importance of quality by maintaining an internal Five Star Quality Program. Reflective of offering a progressive work environment and culture supported by a strong focus on its employees and goals, WFCU has been repeatedly recognized as a Best Small and Medium Sized Employer and received multi-year ranking as one of the Best Workplaces in Canada. A Gord Smith Healthy Workplace Award recipient, WFCU is committed to promoting the importance of health and well-being among its employees. However, in some of the branches, managers do not treat their employees right such as not giving them a break or lunch hours to their employees. 
In 2008 WFCU received the naming rights to The WFCU Centre, the City of Windsor’s premier multi-purpose entertainment complex and official home of the Windsor Spitfires and Windsor Express. 
In 2013 WFCU received the naming rights to Windsor’s state of the art Aquatic Centre and Water Park. Under the same roof, the Windsor International Aquatic and Training Centre presented by WFCU can accommodate both 50 metre and 25 metre, as well as diving events, while Adventure Bay Family Water Park presented by WFCU houses a first class indoor water park. 
WFCU is a member of the Deposit Insurance Corporation of Ontario (DICO).

</doc>
<doc id="20393717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393717" title="Roy Southernwood">
Roy Southernwood

Roy Southernwood - born , is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s, '90s and 2000s, playing at club level for Castleford, Halifax and Wakefield Trinity, playing at , or , i.e. number 7, or 9.
First Division Grand Final appearances.
Roy Southernwood played and scored a try in Wakefield Trinity's 24-22 victory over Featherstone Rovers in the 1998 First Division Grand Final at the McAlpine Stadium, Huddersfield on Saturday 26 September 1998.
Contemporaneous Article Extract.
"Roy Southernwood "Scrum-half. Skilful Scrum half who graduated through the junior league ranks in Castleford and seemed set for a long career at Wheldon Road. Played for Great Britain U-21s twice against France in 1989. His transfer to Halifax meant more first team opportunities and he starred in the 1990-91 promotion season."" 
Roy Southernwood was the captain for the Great Britain Under-21s twice against France in 1989, winning the man of the match award on the return leg at Headingley. 
Genealogical information.
Roy Southernwood is the brother of the Castleford hooker of the 1980s and '90s, Graham Southernwood, and the uncle of Graham Southernwood's son, the rugby league footballer, Cain Southernwood.

</doc>
<doc id="20393728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393728" title="David White (rugby league)">
David White (rugby league)

David White is a professional rugby league footballer, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Featherstone Rovers, and Oulton Raiders of the National Conference League.

</doc>
<doc id="20393729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393729" title="Alaskan Way Viaduct replacement tunnel">
Alaskan Way Viaduct replacement tunnel

The Alaskan Way Viaduct Replacement Tunnel is a bored road tunnel that is under construction in the city of Seattle in the U.S. state of Washington. It is scheduled to open in late 2015. The tunnel will carry State Route 99 under Downtown Seattle from the SoDo neighborhood to South Lake Union in the north.
Since 2001, the proposed replacement of the Alaskan Way Viaduct has been the source of much political consternation demonstrating the Seattle process. Options for the structure, which carries 110,000 vehicles per day, included either replacing it with a cut-and-cover tunnel, replacing it with another elevated highway, or eliminating it while improving other surface streets and public transportation. The current plan emerged in 2009 when government officials agreed to a deep-bore tunnel.
Planning history.
Alaskan Way Viaduct issues.
The Alaskan Way Viaduct, completed on April 4, 1953, is a double-decked elevated section of State Route 99 (SR 99) that runs along the Elliott Bay waterfront in the Industrial District and Downtown of Seattle. It is the smaller of the two major north–south traffic corridors through Seattle (the other being Interstate 5), carrying up to 110,000 vehicles per day. The viaduct runs above the surface street, Alaskan Way, from S. Nevada Street in the south to the entrance of Belltown's Battery Street Tunnel in the north, following previously existing railroad lines.
The 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake destroyed the similarly designed Cypress Street Viaduct in Oakland, California with the loss of 42 lives. The 2001 Nisqually earthquake damaged the viaduct and its supporting Alaskan Way Seawall and required the Washington State Department of Transportation (WSDOT) to invest US$14.5 million in emergency repairs. Experts gave a 1-in-20 chance that the viaduct could be shut down by an earthquake within the following decade. After the Nisqually earthquake, the viaduct has been closed semi-annually for WSDOT to conduct inspections of the structure. Those inspections have discovered continuing settlement damage. In 2005, a group of researchers and faculty from the University of Washington urged political officials to close the viaduct within a two-year timeframe.
Options and politics.
Several replacement proposals were developed. Many Seattle leaders, including then-Mayor Greg Nickels and state and city transportation officials, favored building a tunnel. Plans for a six-lane, "cut-and-cover" double-decker tunnel were developed. The tunnel was envisioned to solve not only the viaduct's traffic limitations and safety problems, but also to allow better uses for the waterfront real estate, including parks, housing, and retail developments. While future development of the Alaskan Way real estate corridor may provide tax revenue for the city, many state lawmakers objected to the cost of the proposed six-lane tunnel. One criticism compared the plan to Boston's Big Dig project, which was said to illustrate the schedule and budget challenges of a large cut-and-cover tunnel. Proponents responded that the Seattle proposal was significantly smaller in scale than the Big Dig.
Another proposal aimed to replace the current viaduct with another elevated structure with updated seismic standards. This new viaduct would be larger, wide lanes with new shoulders on both sides, compared to the structure it would replace, which had no shoulders and lanes as narrow as in places. The on and off ramps at the northern and southern portion of the viaduct would remain the same with an additional full intersection at South Atlantic Street and South Royal Brougham Way. The First Street off ramp would be removed. The plan included a complete replacement of the sea wall. It was estimated to cost $2.8 billion and take 10–12 years to construct. Many prominent leaders and organizations opposed the elevated structure and believed this was a unique opportunity to remove the viaduct and connect downtown Seattle to the waterfront. Former Governors Dan Evans and Gary Locke, former U.S. Senator Slade Gorton, and the American Institute of Architects recommended against rebuilding the viaduct.
WSDOT evaluated five proposals in 2003–2004 and decided that the six-lane cut-and-cover tunnel was the preferred alternative. Rebuilding the viaduct was retained as a backup plan.
However, due to the costs and scope of the project, other options were still being discussed in the local media. A proposal to remove the viaduct and replace it with surface street and transit improvements was backed by former King County Executive Ron Sims, the People's Waterfront Coalition, and the Congress for the New Urbanism. Proponents of this plan offered examples of successes in removing highways in other cities. They envisioned the waterfront becoming a pedestrian-friendly neighborhood with a mix of commercial, retail, and public park spaces. Traffic needs would be addressed through improvements to existing streets, I-5, and public transit; they argued that these improvements would be desirable in any event. Proponents further argued that this plan had the potential to improve the tourist economy, create jobs, and encourage a denser and more residential downtown through the offering of a generous waterfront park. The total cost of removal of the viaduct, repairing the seawall, and improvements to I-5 and existing streets was unofficially estimated to be $1.6 billion. In 2006, Seattle City Council member Peter Steinbrueck noted, "While the mayor's first choice is the tunnel, he supports the City Council's resolution that designates a surface and transit alternative as a backup."
In response to concerns about the cost of the originally proposed tunnel construction, the city council created a scaled-down, four-lane hybrid tunnel option. This would have combined the smaller tunnel with surface transit improvements to address traffic needs. The tunnel's shoulders would be used as an extra travel lane each way during periods of high demand. Transit service would be increased during peak commuter periods. Cars entering and exiting from Elliott and Western Avenues would each have a dedicated lane. Third Avenue would become a permanent transit corridor. The cost estimate for the four-lane tunnel was $3.4 billion. On February 13, 2007, Governor Christine Gregoire rejected the tunnel hybrid option, saying that a WSDOT review showed the tunnel proposal "does not meet state and federal safety standards." Of particular concern was that the use of shoulders as traffic lanes during peak traffic times would leave no additional lanes for emergency access. However, several of the viaduct "stakeholders committee" brought on board to advise the city indicated that the tunnel option should remain on the table.
State and city officials deadlocked in late 2006 over whether to build an elevated structure (the state's preference) or a hybrid tunnel (the city's preference). Governor Gregoire stated "no action" was not an option for the viaduct. The state government called for an advisory ballot on March 13, 2007, for Seattle residents, which was supported by the city council. The advisory ballot allowed Seattleites to vote on whether they supported a surface-tunnel hybrid and whether they supported an elevated structure. Voters rejected both options, with the surface-tunnel hybrid getting only 30% support and the elevated structure only 43%.
Bored tunnel selection.
In January 2008, as debate on its replacement continued, Governor Gregoire announced that the State of Washington would take down the viaduct in 2012. On January 12, 2009, the state of Washington, King County, the city of Seattle, and the Port of Seattle revealed that they had agreed to replace the viaduct with a bored underground tunnel. On March 4, 2009, the state senate passed a bill endorsing the tunnel option. On May 12, 2009, Governor Gregoire signed Senate Bill 5768, authorizing $2.8 billion in state funds for a possible deep-bore tunnel. Controversy surrounds the tunnel project however, as it was never approved in any general election or referendum, is the subject of multiple lawsuits, was selected before legally required environmental impact studies on both the state and federal level were completed, and is designed in legislation to make Seattle-area taxpayers pay for any cost overruns, which is not the norm for state-level projects, which generally have their costs distributed evenly among all state residents.
Disparate factions, ranging from some environmentalists to some industrialists, criticized the tunnel decision. A business owner argued that the restrictions on hazardous cargo through the tunnel would restrict movement of freight through downtown, though hazardous cargo is already prohibited from the Battery Street Tunnel and the viaduct at peak hours. Similarly, another argued that surface traffic would increase, which would cause further problems to downtown freight transport. A chairman of a local Sierra Club chapter argued that the large investment in automobile transport did not take into account global warming concerns.
Design, construction, and funding.
The approved design is a four-lane, long bored underground tunnel. The tunnel will have a south portal in SoDo, near CenturyLink Field, and a north portal in South Lake Union, east of Seattle Center. The route goes beneath Pioneer Square, the central business district of Downtown, and Belltown.
The project is estimated to cost US$4.25 billion, with $2.8 billion coming from the state and federal governments to cover the tunnel boring and a new interchange in SoDo. The replacement project also includes the following projects and funding sources:
WSDOT began part of the larger project in 2008, while the replacement debate was still on-going, by repairing some of the viaduct columns. Tunneling began in 2013 and the tunnel itself is scheduled to open to the public in 2015. Demolition of the remaining structure is expected in 2016.
The $80 million tunnel boring machine (TBM) Bertha was created for this project by Hitachi Zosen Corporation near Osaka, Japan. The , TBM was disassembled into 40 pieces and shipped to Seattle where it was reassembled in the launch pit near the south end of the future tunnel. From there, the record-breaking diameter borer moves in increments toward the north end.
WSDOT nicknamed the TBM "Bertha" after Seattle's first female mayor, Bertha Knight Landes. This name was chosen from names submitted by kindergarten through 12th grade students for a naming competition.
The initial phase of demolition and removal of the viaduct began on October 21, 2011. Only a southern portion of the viaduct was removed at that time; the viaduct along the central waterfront will remain open for traffic until the tunnel is complete.
On July 30, 2013, "Bertha" began boring out the tunnel, starting digging through the first of ten phases of the tunnel. The boring is expected to take 14 months. After three weeks of drilling, the project was estimated to be two weeks behind schedule; problems with fiberglass near the front of the drill and a labor dispute with a local longshoreman's union were to blame. Boring was again delayed in December when Bertha struck a steel pipe, installed as a well casing for an exploratory well drilled as part of the planning phases of the project.
After construction is complete, the 1950s Battery Street Tunnel will be filled in and sealed because it does not meet modern safety standards, is expensive to maintain, and will be made redundant by the Alaskan Way tunnel. Dirt produced by tunnel construction will be sent to fill a CalPortland quarry in nearby Port Ludlow, Washington. Rebuilding of the waterfront area is expected to last until 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="20393730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393730" title="Gustav Nyman">
Gustav Nyman

Gustav Richard Nyman (12 October 1874 – 14 May 1952) was a Finnish sport shooter who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Nummi and died in Helsinki.
In 1908 he was a member of the Finnish team which finished eighth in the team free rifle competition. He also participated in the 300 metre free rifle event and finished 44th.
Four years later he was part of the Finnish team which finished fifth in the team free rifle competition. In the 300 metre free rifle, three positions he finished 19th.

</doc>
<doc id="20393742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393742" title="Lionel Harbin">
Lionel Harbin

Lionel Harbin (born ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s, playing at club level for Canberra Raiders (junior), and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, under head coach and father John Harbin. He was a highly rated , however only made one appearance for the Wildcats in 2001's Super League VI against Huddersfield Giants due to re-occurring injuries. He was a very successful academy coach for Wakefield Wildcats.

</doc>
<doc id="20393746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393746" title="Darren Jordan">
Darren Jordan

Darren Jordan is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, and Doncaster, as a .

</doc>
<doc id="20393759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393759" title="Roewe 550">
Roewe 550

The Roewe 550 is a car produced by Roewe in the People's Republic of China launched at the April 2008 Beijing Motor Show. The 550 is reported to be derived from the MG Rover RDX60 project (itself based on the platform of the Rover 75) which was under development when MG Rover failed.
Overview.
The car, codenamed "W261" during development, is the work of a joint Anglo-Chinese collaboration with ex-Rover experts at consultancy firm Ricardo 2010 and SAIC's own car development team. The 550 was previewed at the 2007 Shanghai Auto Show in the form of the Roewe W2 concept car.
The drivetrain uses either a 1.6 or 1.8 litre engine based on the Rover K engine with 2.0 litre turbo diesel forecast to join the range and a choice of five speed manual or five speed automatic transmission.
The car features a high-technology interior with digital instruments and the RMI (Roewe Multimedia Interface) digital multimedia interactive system, a multi-functional audio and video entertainment system with Bluetooth hands-free system, USB interface and GPS.
In 2008, the Roewe 550 was launched in Chile, rebadged as the MG 550. It was also released in Bahrain, Oman and UAE in 2011.
A restyled hatchback version of the Roewe 550 was announced at the 2009 Shanghai Auto Show as the MG 6.

</doc>
<doc id="20393761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393761" title="Liam Campbell (rugby league)">
Liam Campbell (rugby league)

Liam Campbell is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity, Barrow (twice) and Workington Town, as a .

</doc>
<doc id="20393769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393769" title="Harwell computer">
Harwell computer

The Harwell computer, later known as the Wolverhampton Instrument for Teaching Computing from Harwell (WITCH), or the Harwell Dekatron Computer, was an early British relay-based computer. From 2009 to 2012, it was restored at the National Museum of Computing, where it is described as "the oldest original functioning electronic stored program computer in the world". The museum hopes to use the computer's visual, dekatron-based memory to teach schoolchildren about computers.
Construction and use at Harwell.
The computer, which weighs two and a half tons was built and used at the Atomic Energy Research Establishment in Harwell, Oxfordshire. Construction started in 1949, and the machine became operational in April 1951. It was handed over to the computing group in May 1952 and remained in use until 1957.
It used dekatrons for volatile memory, similar to RAM in a modern computer, and paper tape for input and program storage. Output was to either a Friden teleprinter or to a paper tape punch. The machine was decimal and initially had twenty 8-digit dekatron registers for internal storage, which was increased to 40 which appeared to be enough for nearly all calculations. It was assembled from components more commonly found in a British telephone exchange. The man who led the effort to rebuild the machine (see below) put it in perspective to the BBC: "All together, the machine can store 90 numbers. The closest analogy is a man with a pocket calculator," Delwyn Holroyd, who led the restoration effort, tells the BBC in a video about the restoration. Although it could on occasions act as a true stored-program computer, that was not its normal mode of operation. It had a multiplication time of between 5 and 10 seconds, very slow for an electronic computer.
As Cooke-Yarborough wrote of his design in 1953 "a slow computer can only justify its existence if it is capable of running for long periods unattended and the time spent performing useful computations is a large proportion of the total time available". The design was noted for its reliability because in the period from May 1952 until February 1953 it averaged 80 hours per week running time. Dr Jack Howlett, Director of the Computer Laboratory at AERE 1948–61, said it "could be left unattended for long periods; I think the record was over one Christmas-New Year holiday when it was all by itself, with miles of input data on punched tape to keep it happy, for at least ten days and was still ticking away when we came back." It was the machine's untiring durability, rather than its speed, that was its main feature. Human mathematicians (a job role called a "hand-computer") could make calculations at a similar speed, but not continuously for the same lengths of time. Dr Howlett commented:
Subsequent use, renaming as the WITCH and disuse.
In 1957, at the end of its life at Harwell, the Oxford Mathematical Institute ran a competition to award it to the college that could produce the best case for its future use. The competition was the idea of John Hammersley, who had worked at AERE previously. The competition was won by the Wolverhampton and Staffordshire Technical College (which later became Wolverhampton University) where it was used to teach computing until 1973. The computer was renamed as the WITCH, the Wolverhampton Instrument for Teaching Computing from Harwell.
The WITCH was donated to the Museum of Science and Industry, Birmingham in 1973. After the museum closed in 1997, the computer was disassembled and stored at the Birmingham City Council Museums Collection Centre.
Restoration.
From September 2009, the machine was loaned to The National Museum of Computing at Bletchley Park, where it began to be restored to working order as a Computer Conservation Society project. The museum, a registered charity, invited members of the public and industry to sponsor the restoration of the Harwell computer by purchasing one of 25 shares at £ 4 500 each. In 2012, the restoration was completed successfully.
A short book has been produced about the machine and the restoration project. It also includes a brief technical description of the machine. It is available from the museum and also from Amazon (See below).

</doc>
<doc id="20393770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393770" title="Emil Holm">
Emil Holm

Emil Holm (September 2, 1877 – January 1, 1968) was a Finnish sport shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Larsmo.
In 1912 he was a member of the Finnish team which finished fifth in the team free rifle competition. In the 300 metre free rifle, three positions he finished 49th.

</doc>
<doc id="20393774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393774" title="Craig Robinson (rugby league)">
Craig Robinson (rugby league)

Craig Robinson (born ) is an English professional rugby league footballer, playing for Stanley Rangers ARLFC, Wakefield Trinity in 2005's Super League X, Rochdale Hornets and Oldham, and currently for Doncaster in the Championship, as a , .

</doc>
<doc id="20393787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393787" title="Marcin Rogacewicz">
Marcin Rogacewicz

Marcin Rogacewicz (born 25 March 1980 in Ciechanów) is a Polish television actor.
In 2007 he graduated from the Faculty of Acting School in Łódź. He debuted in a TV series "Kryminalni".

</doc>
<doc id="20393793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393793" title="Freehold and Howell Plank Road">
Freehold and Howell Plank Road

The Freehold and Howell Plank Road was a plank road in New Jersey, running south from Freehold into Howell Township. Its path is now roughly followed by New Jersey Route 79, U. S. Route 9 and County Route 524.
The Freehold and Howell Plank Road was chartered March 1, 1853 by an act of the New Jersey Legislature. On June 1, 1901 it was purchased by the Monmouth County Board of Chosen Freeholders and incorporated into the county highway system. Portions were later taken over as a state highway.

</doc>
<doc id="20393832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393832" title="St Peter's Church, Harrogate">
St Peter's Church, Harrogate

St. Peter's Church, Harrogate is a parish church in the Church of England located in Harrogate.
History.
The church was formed out of the parish of Christ Church, High Harrogate.
A subscription for the erection of the church was commenced and the foundation stone was laid in April, 1870. The church is of the decorated style of architecture, from a design by Mr. Hirst, of Bristol, and consists of a nave of five bays, 70 feet in length by 27 feet in breadth, with north and south aisles, each 15 feet 9 inches wide; the last bay at the eastern end of the aisle on each side projects outwards to double its former breadth, in the form of a transept, which is gabled outwardly; the chancel will be about 35 feet in length by 22 feet in breadth, terminating in a circular apse, the interior of which will be arcaded. A tower, bearing a spire, is situate at the west end of the south aisle.
The living is a curacy or vicarage, the income of which is £100 a year, paid by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners. The first incumbent - the Rev. L. F. W. Foote - appointed in 1870.
Organ.
The church has a pipe organ which has evolved over a long period of time from an original organ by Edmund Schulze in 1867. This was moved to St. Bartholomew's Church, Armley and a smaller organ installed in 1869. There have been restorations by Brindley & Foster, Abbott & Smith, Binns, J. W. Walker & Sons Ltd, and Prested.
A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
Bells.
St. Peter's has a fine ring of eight bells in the tower which were cast by John Taylor of Loughborough. They achieved a certain notoriety when they became the first tower in the United Kingdom to have an injunction made on the bells for an offence of noise pollution.

</doc>
<doc id="20393845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393845" title="Batoka Formation">
Batoka Formation

The Batoka Formation is a geological formation in the Zambezi valley in Botswana, Zambia and Zimbabwe. It is mainly a volcanic unit, comprising mainly basalts, with Lower Jurassic sandstone that contain Vulcanodon fossils.
Geology.
Description.
The formation is a volcanic unit, consisting mainly of high-titanium, low-potassium tholeiitic basalt flows with small layers of aeolian sandstone and siltstone between some of the flows.
The lavas are dark, vesicular and porphyritic or massive basalts, with occasional pillows although rare dacites and rhyolites have been reported from some areas of north-eastern Botswana. The vesicular and massive basalts occur in alternating bands, with the vesicular bands usually being the top and base of each flow. The basalt mineralogy consists of mainly of plagioclase, augite, magnetite, some ilmenite and volcanic glass. In the Hwange area, vesicles consist mostly of quartz, chalcedony or calcite, though zeolites, such as stilbite, mesolite and laumontite, are dominant towards Victoria Falls and in the lower Deka valley and are common in north-eastern Botswana.
The basalt lavas are related to carbonatite intrusions in the Zambezi valley.
Extent.
The Batoka Formation is found in Botswana, Zambia, Zimbabwe, in the Mid-Zambezi, Mana Pools and Cabora Bassa basins
Age.
Lavas of the Batoka Formation have been dated at 179 to 180 Ma.
Stratigraphy.
The Batoka Formation is the uppermost formation in the Upper Karoo Group of the Karoo Supergroup, lying above the Forest Sandstone Formation.
The Batoka Formation has been correlated to the Drakensberg Group of the Great Karroo Basin, South Africa and the basalts of the Tuli Basin in Botswana and Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="20393852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393852" title="Charles A.E. Harriss">
Charles A.E. Harriss

Charles Albert Edward Harriss (16 or 17 December 1862 – 31 July 1929) was an English then Canadian composer, impresario, educator, organist-choirmaster and conductor.
In 1897, Charles Albert Edwin Harriss married Ella Beatty-Shoeberger, daughter of John Beatty, Esquire, M.D., Professor of Sciences in Victoria University, Cobourg, Ontario., and his wife,
Eleanor Armstrong. Ella was born and educated in Cobourg, Ontario. In 1883 she married her first husband, George K. Shoenberger, Esquire, of "Scarlet Oaks," Cincinnati, one of the "Iron Kings" of Pennsylvania (he died 1892). After Sir John A. Macdonald's death, Mrs. Harriss purchased and occupied "Earnscliffe," a Victoria Manor house which had been his former place of residence at Ottawa, Ontario. She served as President of the Woman's Morning Music Club, and other official positions of that character. 

</doc>
<doc id="20393856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393856" title="Charles H. Sweetser">
Charles H. Sweetser

Charles H. Sweetser (August 25, 1841 – 1871) was an American author, journalist and editor. He was born in Athol, Massachusetts in Worcester County and graduated from Amherst College in 1862. The poet Emily Dickinson was one of his cousins and his daughter, Kate Dickinson Sweetser, was also an author. He founded the New York publications "The Round Table" (one of the earliest literary weeklies in American printing) and the "New York Evening Mail". He died in Palatka, Florida (then known as Pilatka) at the age of thirty.

</doc>
<doc id="20393863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393863" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Awasa">
Apostolic Vicariate of Awasa

The Apostolic Vicariate of Awasa () is a Roman Catholic apostolic Vicariate located in the city of Awasa in Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="20393896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393896" title="The Law of the Playground">
The Law of the Playground

The Law of the Playground is a British television series broadcast on Channel 4 produced by Zeppotron in which various British comedians and celebrities recollect the past times of childhood at school. Throughout the series many different aspects of school life are brought up such as bullies, punishment, games, etc.
Celebrities.
The series included the following celebrities:

</doc>
<doc id="20393914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393914" title="Mary Ann Kennedy (Scottish singer)">
Mary Ann Kennedy (Scottish singer)

Mary Ann Kennedy (Mairi Anna Nic Ualraig), born 1967 or 1968, is a Scottish musician, singer, composer, radio and television presenter, and music producer.
Biography.
Mary Ann Kennedy was born and brought up in Glasgow in a Gaelic-speaking household. Her father was from the Isle of Tiree, and her mother, Kenna Campbell, one of the Campbell family of Greepe in the Isle of Skye, a family of singers and pipers.
She trained as a classical musician from the age of six, starting out on piano and later taking up the harp. She went on to study as a pianist at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in Glasgow, and undertook postgraduate research and training at the Royal Northern College of Music in Manchester, where she was the first harpist in the college's history to be awarded its highest performance diploma. Her thesis was a study of Gaelic "puirt a beul", or "mouth music", a speciality of her mother's family.
From 1993 she lived and worked in Inverness as a news presenter and musician. Mary Ann Kennedy has received several awards, including a Saltire Society Award for her Highland Festival commission, "Lasair Dhè", and "Radio Presenter of the Year 2007" from the Celtic Media Festival.
She has produced records by, among others, James Graham, Donnie Murdo MacLeod, Ceolraidh Gaidhlig Ghlaschu, Ailie Robertson, Catriona Watt, Atomic Piseag, Shona Mooney, Bannal, Cliar, and Jenna Cumming. Mary Ann presents radio shows including "Mary Ann Kennedy's Global Gathering" on BBC Radio Scotland, 'World on 3' on BBC Radio 3, and BBC Radio nan Gaidheal, and television programmes on BBC Scotland/BBC Alba and BBC Four. She runs the residential recording and creative facility, Watercolour Music Studios, with her husband Nick Turner from their base near Fort William in the West Highlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20393930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393930" title="538th Air Expeditionary Advisory Squadron">
538th Air Expeditionary Advisory Squadron

The 538th Air Expeditionary Advisory Squadron is provisional unt of United States Air Force. It is assigned to the 438th Air Expeditionary Wing, and is currently located at Camp Bastion, Afghanistan.
Overview.
The squadron was activated by Air Education and Training Command. Its mission is the training and qualification of Afghanistan Air Force C-27 flight engineers and loadmasters. Since November 2009, Airmen have been training Afghan C-27 pilots and loadmasters to conduct strategic and tactical airlift, airdrops and presidential support. Advisers have a clear goal to pass on to the Afghan airmen the skills to transport cargo, people and assets vital to their security. 
The squadron is also part of NATO Air Training Command-Afghanistan.
History.
Activated as a III Fighter Command P-47 Thunderbolt replacement training unit during World War II, 1943–1944.
During the early years of the Cold War, activated in 1955 as an Air Defense Command interceptor squadron for the defense of the Grand Coolie Dam and the Hanford Atomic Energy Reservation, Washington State. Initially equipped with F-86D Sabre Interceptors; in the Spring of 1957, the 56th FIS began re-equipping with the North American F-86L Sabre, an improved version of the F-86D which incorporated the Semi Automatic Ground Environment, or SAGE. 
The transition into the F-86L was short-lived however, as the squadron began transition into the "missile-witha-man-in-it", the Lockheed F-104A in May 1958, becoming the 4th ADC squadron equipped with the Starfighter. In addition, the squadron received the two-seat, dual-control, combat trainer F-104B. The performance of the F-104B was almost identical to that of the F-104A, but the lower internal fuel capacity reduced its effective range considerably. 
However, the F-104A was not very well suited for service as an interceptor. Its low range was a problem for North American air defense, and its lack of all-weather capability made it incapable of operating in conjunction with the SAGE system. Service with the ADC was consequently quite brief, and the F-104As of the 538th FIS were transferred to the Air National Guard. With the transfer of the Starfighters, the 56th FIS was inactivated at Larson AFB on 1 July 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="20393948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393948" title="Kylfings">
Kylfings

The Kylfings (Old Norse "Kylfingar"; Finnic "Kylfingid"; Hungarian "Kölpények"; Old East Slavic Колбяги, "Kolbiagi"; Byzantine Greek Κουλπίγγοι, "Koulpingoi"; Arabic "al-Kilabiyya") were a people of uncertain origin active in Northern Europe during the Viking Age, roughly from the late ninth century to the early twelfth century. They could be found in areas of Lapland, Russia, and the Byzantine Empire that were frequented by Scandinavian traders, raiders and mercenaries. Scholars differ on whether the Kylfings were ethnically Finnic or Norse. Also disputed is their geographic origin, with Denmark, Sweden and the Eastern Baltic all put forward as candidates. Whether the name Kylfing denotes a particular tribal, socio-political, or economic grouping is also a matter of much debate.
They are mentioned in Old Norse runestone inscriptions, sagas (most notably in "Egil's Saga"), and poetry (such as Thorbjorn Hornklofi's poem "Haraldskvæði"), as well as Byzantine records and Rus' law-codes, in which they (along with another Scandinavian group, the Varangians) were afforded significant economic and social privileges. According to the sagas, the Kylfings opposed the consolidation of Norway under Harald Fairhair and participated in the pivotal late ninth century Battle of Hafrsfjord. After Harald's victory in that battle, they are described in the sagas as having raided in Finnmark and elsewhere in northern Norway and having fought against Harald's lieutenants such as Thorolf Kveldulfsson.
Etymology.
The exact etymology of the word "kylfing" is disputed and many different theories have been put forward as to its ultimate origin. The general trend has been to trace "kylfing" to the Old Norse words "kylfa" and "kolfr", but scholars disagree as to the meaning of these words as well. Cleasby notes that in Old Norse, "kylfa" can mean a club or cudgel. Thus the national Icelandic antiquarian Barði Guðmundsson translated "Kylfing" to mean "club-wielders". As Foote points out, it can also mean a smaller stick, such as a tally-stick or wooden token used by merchants, and, according to Jesch, it can also mean the "highest and narrowest part" of a ship's stem. Holm discussed the term "kylfa" in connection with the word "hjúkolfr" which means "meeting" or "guild"; according to Holm, the second element "kolfr" could refer to a symbolic arrow traditionally used as a device to summon people for a meeting.
These varied derivations have led to a number of interpretations. Holm offers two meanings: "archer" and "man armed with a cudgel". A number of historians have asserted that "Kylfing" referred to a member of a "club in the social or Anglo-American sense", a "brotherhood" or a member of a Norse félag. In a number of minor Icelandic manuscripts on mathematics and geography, "Kylfingaland" is identified as Garðaríki, "i.e." Kievan Rus', but the sources are unclear as to whether Kylfingaland is named for the Kylfings or vice versa, or whether, indeed, there is any connection at all.
The Russian cognate of "Kylfing" is "Kolbjag", following the pattern of development *"kolƀing" (*"kulƀing") > *"kolƀęg" > "kolbjag". The "Kolbiagi" were a group of foreign merchant-venturers and mercenaries mentioned in a number of Old Russian sources. They are often mentioned together with the Varangians, a term used in Eastern Europe to describe Scandinavian traders and pirates. In Byzantine Greek, they were named "koulpingoi" and they served as a unit of the Byzantine army listed alongside the Varangian Guard, which was of Scandinavian origin.
A very different derivation was put forward by the Russian scholar B. Briems. He hypothesised that "Kylfingr" was a direct Norse translation of the Votic self-designation "Vatjalaiset" and "Vatja" (or "Vadjalaiset" and "Vadja") used by the Votes, a Finnic tribe residing in Ingria, Russia. A non-Norse origin was also proposed by Julius Brutzkus, who argued that both "Varangian" and "Kylfing" derived from the Turkic languages, particularly the Bulgar and Khazar languages. Brutzkus asserted that "Varangian" came from the Turkic root "varmak" ("to walk, travel") while "Kylfing" was a Norse pronunciation of the Slavic "kolbiagi", itself deriving from the Turkic phrase "köl-beg" ("sea-king"); under this interpretation the word "Kylfing" would be more or less synonymous with "Viking".
Identity.
According to "Egil's Saga", the Kylfings were trading and plundering in Finnmark around the year 900. Thorolf Kveldulfsson, King Harald's tax agent in northern Norway, engaged Saami scouts to monitor the Kylfings' movements and report back to him. Countering their raids, he is reported to have killed over a hundred Kylfing marauders.
Some scholars see them as Scandinavians while others consider them to have been a Finnic tribe, and assert a connection between the word Kylfing and the Finnish, Saami, and Karelian myths of Kaleva. Elsewhere they are described as a mixture of Norse and Finnish people who were employed as mercenaries and tax-agents by Scandinavian rulers; in this context Ravndal interpreted the "kylfa" element to refer to a "club" in the sense of organization. Arbman argues that the Kolbiagi were a separate fur-trading guild. Postan "et al.", on the other hand, hypothesize that Kolbiag denoted a junior participant in a Varangian trade guild, rather than a separate group.
Finnic peoples.
Holm (1992) considers Egil's saga to equate the Kylfings with the Finnic ethnicities, "i.e." Kvens and Karelians. In the 14th century, when the Swedish kings began to direct their attention northwards and encourage Swedish colonization in Norrbotten, there were regulations that the Finnish Birkarls and the Saami peoples were not to be interrupted in their traditional activities. In addition, there are many medieval sources that present Lapland as being dominated by Finns. A large part of the Karelians were under Novgorod which was included in what Icelandic sources called "Kylfingaland", and thus the Kylfings could have been Baltic Finnish tribes under Novgorod.
Both East Slavs and Byzantines consistently made a clear distinction between Varangians and Kylfings, and Byzantines distinguished between them in the same manner as they separated Franks from Saracens. According to Holm such separations are indicative of clear ethnic differences between the two groups. Additionally, both East Slavic and Byzantine sources explicitly associate the Varangians with Baltic region, which they called "Varangia", and in Arabic, the Baltic Sea was called "Bahr Varank", "i.e." the "Varangian Sea". There are no comparable connections when they mention the Kylfings. Another difference is the fact that the Byzantine sources connect the word "varangoi" with "rhōs" in order to make it clear that the "rhōs-varangoi" and the "varangoi" originate in Baltic just like the "rhōs", but do not establish the same associations for the "koulpingoi".
The Kylfings have also been identified with the Votic people. Carl Christian Rafn, Edgar V. Saks, B. Briem and Sigurður Nordal have proposed Kylfings to have been the Norse name for the Votes. The reason is that the ethnonym "Vadja(laiset)" can be associated with the word "vadja" (modern Estonian "vai"') which means "stake", "wedge" or "staff", which corresponds to Old Norse "kolfr". "Vadjalaiset" would consequently be translated into Old East Norse as "kolfingar", which in Old West Norse (Old Icelandic) would be umlauted as "kylfingar". Whereas some native names were Scandinavized, as "Rostov" into "Ráðstofa", the Norse learned of the meaning of other names and translated them, which they did at Volkhov, and in the case of some of the Dniepr rapids. The theory that the Kylfings were Votes has been opposed by Max Vasmer and Stender-Petersen, whereas Holm finds it likely. Holm considers it apparent that the Varangians and the Finnic tribes were able to cooperate well, and he points to the relative ease and stability with which Finland was later integrated as a part of the Swedish kingdom. Jorma Koivulehto, a Finnish linguist, disagrees with the Vote theory and maintains that the Votic name or any other Finnic ethnonym is not etymologically connected with the name Kylfingar.
Estonians have also been identified as Kylfings.
Scandinavians.
Barði Guðmundsson identified the Kylfings as an East Scandinavian, possibly Swedish, tribe that infiltrated northern Norway during the late ninth century. Guðmundsson connects the Kylfings with the Germanic Heruli who were active throughout northern Europe and in Italy during the fifth and sixth centuries. According to Guðmundsson, many of these Kylfings may ultimately have emigrated to Iceland during the ninth and tenth centuries. Other scholars have assigned a Danish origin to this tribe.
Some scholars have considered the Kylfings of "Egil's Saga" to be a "conquering Germanic people", or the Swedish king's tax collectors. Holm (1992) considers such suggestions to be anachronistic due to the fact that the Swedish kings lacked any interest in northern Fenno-Scandia during the ninth and tenth centuries, and not even the later law of Hälsingland mentions any Swedish settlement north of Bygdeå in southern Västerbotten.
Pritsak identified the Kylfings as a "professional trading and mercenary organization" that organized expeditions northward, into the Saami lands, as distinct from other Varangian and viking groups whose expeditions focussed on lands to the west and east of Scandinavia. This interpretation is supported by such historians as Stender-Petersen.
A number of runestones in Sweden contain the personal name "Kylfingr", which may or may not be connected to the Kylfings as a group.
Other suggestions.
A few historians have hypothesized that the Kylfings were a West Slavic people related to the Pomeranians. Under this interpretation, the Slavic term "Kolbiag" may share common origins with such place-names as Kołobrzeg (formerly Kolberg), a town on the Pomeranian Baltic coast, and Kolpino, a settlement near modern St. Petersburg.
Status in Eastern Europe.
Byzantine Empire.
Eleventh-century Byzantine sources refer to Kylfings (Κουλπίγγοι, "Koulpingoi"; often attested in the genitive plural "Κουλπίγγων", "Koulpingon") as being among the foreigners serving as mercenaries in Constantinople, but appear to distinguish between them and the Varangians. For instance, an imperial chrysobull, an edict bearing a golden seal, issued in 1073 exempts certain monasteries from being forced to billet soldiers of specific "ethne": Varangians, Rus', Saracens, Franks and "Koulpingoi". In previous edicts issued in 1060 and 1068 the Koulpingoi had not been separately delineated. Similar edicts were issued in 1082, 1086, and 1088. The edict issued by Alexios I Komnenos 1088, for instance, reads:
Russia and the eastern Baltic.
The Kylfings were also active in the eastern Baltic and northern Russia. "Kylfingaland" may have been used to refer to Karelia; on some runestones it has been interpreted as a synonym for Garðariki, the Old Norse name for Russia. The eleventh-century "Ruskaya Pravda", the law code of the Kievan Rus', grants certain privileges to Kylfings ("Колбяги" or "Kolbiagi") in addition to Varangians ("Varyagi"). For instance, Varangians and Kylfings were entitled to press charges with an oath without relying on any witnesses. In addition, in order to swear innocence, they needed only two witnesses, whereas a native Slav needed as many as seven. Moreover, the Varangians and the Kylfings were entitled to give shelter to a fugitive for as many as three days, whereas Slavs and others had to hand him over directly. Also in the eleventh century, the Persian historian Al-Qazwini reported the presence of Kylfings (who he called "al-Kilabiyya") in Russia and their interaction with Middle Eastern traders.
Hungary.
A military organization called "Kölpények" is reported to have existed in Medieval Hungary during the tenth, eleventh and twelfth centuries. Hungarian scholars have proposed that the "Kölpények" were identical with the Kylfings/Kolbiagi. Hungarian sources regard the "Kölpények" as being of Scandinavian origin. They were hired by the early rulers of the House of Arpad, particularly Taksony of Hungary in the 950s, to serve as frontier guards. They fought with their Magyar employers alongside Sviatoslav I of Kiev against Bulgaria and the Byzantine Empire. Alternatively, the "Kölpények" may have been of Pecheneg origin, as there was a Pecheneg tribal group called "Külbej" during roughly the same period.
"Austkylfur".
The skaldic poet Thorbjorn Hornklofi wrote about "Austkylfur", or "East-Kylfings", in his epic poem "Haraldskvæði". In some manuscripts the name was, probably erroneously, rendered "auðkylfur" or "rich men". Some philologists, using the nautical meaning of the word "kylfa", interpret the phrase as "eastern ships". Others, such as F. Jonsson, interpreted "Austkylfur" to mean "eastern logs", while Vigfusson believed that the phrase properly meant simply "men of the east". Another interpretation of the term used in "Haraldskvæði" is the derogatory "eastern oafs".
Guðmundsson specifically identified the "Austkylfur" of Hornklofi's poem with the Kylfings mentioned elsewhere in Scandinavian and Eastern European sources, and interpreted the phrase "Austkylfur" to mean "eastern club-wielding men".
In "Haraldskvæði" as recorded by Snorri Sturluson in the "Heimskringla", the Austrkylfur were described as being opponents of Harald Fairhair at the Battle of Hafrsfjord. As such they formed part of the force, led by Kjotve the Rich of Agder and the kings and jarls of Hordaland, Rogaland, and Telemark, that came to Hafrsfjord to fight Harald's encroaching hegemony. The exact relationship between the "Austkylfur" and the anti-Harald coalition is unknown. Nora Chadwick identifies the "Austkylfur" as the part of the force opposing Harald that came from Agder and Telemark. These districts lie further east than the other kingdoms opposing Harald's rule. After their defeat by Harald and his army, the Kylfings' property was plundered and their womenfolk, described as "eastern maidens", were distributed by the victorious king among his warriors.

</doc>
<doc id="20393973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393973" title="Fired Up!">
Fired Up!

Fired Up! is a 2009 American teen comedy film written and directed by Will Gluck. The main plot revolves around two popular high school football players (portrayed by Eric Christian Olsen and Nicholas D'Agosto) who create their lie by getting out of football camp and attend a cheerleading camp for the summer to get close to its female cheerleaders.
Plot.
Nick Brady and Shawn Colfax (Eric Christian Olsen and Nicholas D'Agosto) are two popular football players at the fictional Gerald R. Ford High School who manage to get out of football camp and con their way into the cheerleading squad after overhearing a conversation about the camp's abundant female population of 300 cheerleaders. Their objective is to infiltrate the cheerleading camp in order to meet girls. While at cheer camp, Nick and Shawn realize that they actually enjoy cheering and they start to care about their squad as well as the cheer competition. Shawn develops feelings for the head cheerleader, Carly Davidson (Sarah Roemer) and Nick chases after Diora (Molly Sims), their camp coach's wife.
Carly and the rest of the squad soon find out about the boys' true motives for attending cheer camp. Carly's boyfriend, Dr. Rick (David Walton), also reveals that Nick and Shawn initially planned to leave cheer camp before the cheer competition. Nick and Shawn leave camp after being ejected from the squad. While attending a party at their friend's house, Nick and Shawn find out that they are genuinely fond of cheer camp and want their squad to succeed. Nick and Shawn decide to return to cheer camp and help the squad in the cheer competition. While Nick and Shawn are doing their routine, Carly notices Rick is cheating on her with their rivals' head cheerleader, Gwyneth (AnnaLynne McCord). Shawn and Carly later focus all of their attention to the routine. The squad's routine results in their best finish yet, with a perfect attempt at executing the "Fountain of Troy" maneuver. However, when the squad go for executing the forbidden maneuver, Shawn accidentally goes for a triple backflip instead of a double like Carly and backflips into the water in front of them. The crowd gasps at the impact and the squad rushes to help, but Shawn manages to emerge and yells "Tigers!" before losing consciousness. Although the squad did not win the contest, they place ten spots better than they did last year. The film ends when Nick and Shawn end up with the girls with Shawn and Carly kiss with each other.
Production.
Filming locations.
Taking place in Illinois, almost all of the filming shots of the high school in the film were taken at South Pasadena High School in 2008. However, the hallway scene was filmed at John Burroughs High School in Burbank, California. To make filming easier, the fictional Gerald R. Ford High School's mascot was made the "Tigers" since South Pasadena High's mascot is a tiger. Some of the South Pasadena Tigers Football team's gear such as pads, were borrowed for use in the film. However, filming for the football game scene took place at Calabasas High School. The filming of the pool scene took place at Long Beach Polytechnic High School. The cheerleader camp was filmed at Occidental College, which incidentally also has the tiger as a mascot. In one of the early scenes, the train passing by is the Metro Gold Line (LACMTA) Pasadena line. The location where the cheerleaders were practicing was filmed in the Los Angeles County Arboretum and Botanic Garden.
Reception.
Critical response.
When the film was released, it was screened to negative reviews. Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a rating of 23% based on 101 reviews, with the general consensus being that "though not as raunchy or juvenile as the average teen comedy, "Fired Up" is also not as funny."
Metacritic gave the film a "generally unfavorable" score of 31% based on a normalized average of 18 reviews. A common criticism, addressed by director Will Gluck in the film's commentary track, is that the filmmakers "casted a little bit older." Star Eric Christian Olsen adds, "If by 'older,' you mean thirteen years!" Lead actors Olsen and Nicholas D'Agosto were playing high school students at the ages 30 and 27 at the time of filming, respectively. Gluck also points out Roger Ebert's and the New York Times's negative reviews specifically, as well as a mention of the Washington Post. He, however, omits the Washington Post's backhanded compliment that "Gluck directs with frantic, go-for-broke pacing, which is what you do when your reserves of wit are bankrupt." One of the more positive reviews, from Hollywood.com, admits it's satisfying for the audience it's aimed towards: "An outrageous, sex-obsessed teen comedy that’s something to cheer about -- especially if you’re 16."
Box office.
The film was considered financially unsuccessful. "Fired Up!" had a budget of $20 million and took in a box office gross of $18,599,102 worldwide before leaving theaters. It opened up to the U.S. box office at number 9 with $5.4 million behind films like "", which was in its sixth week of release at the time, and "Confessions of a Shopaholic", in its second. On the DVD commentary, the business it did (or lack thereof) is discussed, with director Will Gluck stating, "In retrospect, we probably should have done R, but I kind of like the idea of doing a movie that everyone can go see, and not just 'over 18 or have to sneak into it.'" It left American cinemas after seven weeks.
Home media.
The movie was released on DVD, UMD, and Blu-ray formats June 9, 2009. An unrated version was also released containing non-censored profanity and brief nudity not seen in the theatrical cut.

</doc>
<doc id="20393978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393978" title="Internacional de Madrid CF">
Internacional de Madrid CF

Internacional de Madrid Club de Fútbol is a football club from Moraleja de Enmedio in the Community of Madrid, in Spain.
History.
In 2002 a group of businessmen founded the football fans of the Madrid International. The team began its journey in Division III Regional. Dress pants and blue shirt, played their home games at the soccer field Orcasitas Sports Centre.
The short history of the club is a brilliant 2002/2003 season when the team demonstrated the excellent quality of his game and surpassed all expectations set. Not only won all the games except one, but also broke all records in terms of number of goals scored. 187 goals were scored while only fit 25, becoming the Madrid International fewest goals in the team in the league.
Thus, in its first year of existence, the Madrid International won its first league thereby achieving a pass grade. The jump was larger than expected, First Amateur 2003/2004 was his destiny. The aim, reissued the same successes in the previous season the greatest difficulty knowing more, but with the enthusiasm and the claw of a team that knows no bounds. All that kept much of the block of the first year, managed to climb again, this time preferably without the tremendous superiority shown its first year, but certainly the most exquisite football in the group. This year also featured a junior team, rather than aping the first team at his foundation, I am overwhelming winner in its category. Third regional cluster 11 with 128 goals scored and only 17 against.
After two consecutive promotions from the Madrid International, with a staff reinforced, but keeping many of its lines that gave the previous achievements, it faces a greater challenge Preferred Amateur Madrid. His intention, was to be in the top positions.
In 2004/2005 season the club had grown significantly, increasing the total to 7 teams, his ambition seemed to have no limits, with two teams in Preferred amateur, and Juvenile Division of Honour, good football was secured in the Dehesa Village and throughout the Community of Madrid. The results were not expected, the Madrid International found his first disappointment sport after the season one team lost amateur Preferred militants in the category and just happened to be División de Honor Juvenil.
Without lowering the arms Inter ventured to relaunch his flight and to try new challenges, "Promotion to Third Division," which together with the creation of three new teams and youngest youth level, he would become the fifth team in Madrid Capital behind Real Madrid, Atl Madrid, Rayo Vallecano, Santa Ana, throughout the tournament was in Inter promotion positions with the best football of the tournament and almost invincible for two thirds of the league to all dream of achieving the goal, but a bump of results in recent days we relegated to third place in the group, throwing the illusion lands of the 300 partners who then made our social mass.
The fifth season was about to begin and we had to make a decision that would change the direction of the team, the field where they played was very small and became a handicap to good football, he was hampered with the hope of keeping growing. The Inter for the first time in its history was stifled its projection.
The decision was tough, but necessary, and in this fifth season 2006/2007 it became the headquarters Moral of Enmedio, south of Madrid city that welcomed them with open arms.
The change of venue brought the departure of many of the players who formed the template and the internal restructuring of all levels of the club, was re-made the first team almost entirely with the aim of securing a new group that could return the good football and moments of glory to the club.
For the next campaign would enhance this objective, getting three finish in the championship in the 2008-2009 season and second in the 2009-2010 season, this position brought with it the consequent rise to 3rd division., A new challenge for the short and fruitful history of this great club.

</doc>
<doc id="20393985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393985" title="Publius Seius Fuscianus">
Publius Seius Fuscianus

Publius Seius Fuscianus (ca 120 – aft. 189) was a Consul in 151?, PUR 187-189 and Suffect Consul in 188. He was a childhood friend and schoolmate of Emperor Marcus Aurelius.
He married and had: 

</doc>
<doc id="20394002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394002" title="Holmdel and Keyport Turnpike">
Holmdel and Keyport Turnpike

The Holmdel and Keyport Turnpike was a turnpike in New Jersey, running south from Holmdel Township to Keyport, between 1859–1901. It then became part of the county highway system. Since 1937, it has been part of County Route 4.
The Holmdel and Keyport Turnpike was chartered March 9, 1859. On September 14, 1892 the turnpike company abandoned that portion of Main Street in Keyport, between Front and Broad Streets, a distance of approximately , and on June 12, 1901 the remaining between Broad Street and present-day County Route 520 was purchased by the Monmouth County Board of Chosen Freeholders and incorporated into the county highway system. In 1937, it became a part of County Route 4.

</doc>
<doc id="20394005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394005" title="Walt Disney's It's a Small World of Fun!">
Walt Disney's It's a Small World of Fun!

"Walt Disney's It's a Small World of Fun!" is a series of DVDs by Walt Disney Home Video. Each release would feature around one-hour of "Disney" animated short films with international settings. As opposed to the chronological nature of the "Walt Disney Treasures" line, each release would feature various cartoons in no particular order. The series featured two waves of releases, on May 16, 2006 and February 13, 2007.
Releases.
Wave One.
The first wave of releases came on May 16, 2006.
Wave Two.
The second wave of releases came on February 13, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20394007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394007" title="Mini Financial Services">
Mini Financial Services

In 2002 Mini Financial Services was started as the captive finance company for Mini with the purpose of offering financial solutions to Mini buyers. Their products include traditional financing, leasing and the Mini Platinum Visa Card.
In October 2009 Mini Financial Services launched a suite of Mini protection products called Mini Motoring Protection. This suite consists of Mini Extended Motorer Protection, Mini Tire 'N Wheel Protection and Mini GAP Protection.
Mini Extended Motorer Protection the extended service contract exclusively feature original equipment parts. Additionally, Mini Motorers have flexibility with the levels of protection, term and mileage. The products offer four tiers ranging from five to seven years, and from 70,000 – 100,000 miles and different levels of protection.
Mini Tire 'N Wheel Protection is all-new and will replace Mini Motorer's tires, not repair unlike the competition.
Mini Guaranteed Auto Protection (GAP) adds an extra layer of protection in the event your vehicle is stolen or is involved in an accident involving a total loss. In these situations, most insurance companies only reimburse the owner for the market value of the car. This along with the insurance deductible can create a significant “gap” between what the insurer will pay and what is owed to the lender. Mini GAP offers protection against these unexpected costs.

</doc>
<doc id="20394009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394009" title="Oscar Peterson and Roy Eldridge">
Oscar Peterson and Roy Eldridge

Oscar Peterson and Roy Eldridge is a 1974 album by Oscar Peterson, on which he is accompanied by Roy Eldridge. 

</doc>
<doc id="20394016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394016" title="Thomassen">
Thomassen

Thomassen is a patronymic family name of Scandinavian origin. It literally means "Son of Thomas", i.e., approximately corresponds to Thomson. It may refer to one of the following persons:

</doc>
<doc id="20394083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394083" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Nekemte">
Apostolic Vicariate of Nekemte

The Apostolic Vicariate of Nekemte () is a Roman Catholic apostolic Vicariate located in the city of Nekemte in Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="20394090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394090" title="Ernest Williams">
Ernest Williams

Ernest Williams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20394113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394113" title="Snow farming">
Snow farming

Snow farming is the use of obstacles, equipment and knowledge about management of snow in order to strategically manipulate snow coverage. Often this is done for the purpose of skiing or even preventing snow drift in certain areas like roads. The most popular obstacle is the snow fence, which is used to create drifts and collect more snow in a given area than would otherwise naturally occur. The snow can be moved to other areas and groomed with the use of a snow groomer. Sometimes the snow fence is readily movable in order to maximize the collection of blown snow, despite wind direction changes.

</doc>
<doc id="20394153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394153" title="Glenwood Houses">
Glenwood Houses

The Glenwood Houses is a moderate to low income housing development (formally, and still popularly, known as a "project") in the Flatlands section of the New York City borough of Brooklyn, bordered by Ralph Avenue on the east, East 56th Street on the west, Glenwood Road/Avenue H on the south, and Farragut Road on the north side. The development was constructed in 1949, and has since been operated by the New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA). The Glenwood Houses were built during the post-World War II era when NYCHA reached its peak in construction of public housing projects (1945 - 65). The project was built in a modified "tower-in-the-park" style development, popular among NYCHA projects at that time. 
Unlike the majority of NYCHA post-war projects, Glenwood is not a high rise facility, but rather a moderate-sized development. Completed July 14, 1950, Glenwood has twenty, 6-story buildings with 1,186 apartments with approximately 2,700 residents. Within its confines are several children's playgrounds, a city park, and a senior center.

</doc>
<doc id="20394155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394155" title="A Tale of Legendary Libido">
A Tale of Legendary Libido

A Tale of Legendary Libido () is a 2008 South Korean film.
Plot.
Byeon Gang-soe is a meek rice cake seller in a remote mountainous village in Joseon Dynasty Korea. Mocked for his impaired libido, Gang-so learns of a potion buried in the forest which transforms him into the greatest lover in his village.
Release.
"A Tale of Legendary Libido" was released in South Korea on 30 April 2008, and was ranked sixth at the box office on its opening weekend with 89,997 admissions. As of 25 May, the film had received a total of 272,493 admissions, and as of 1 June had grossed a total of $1,720,621.

</doc>
<doc id="20394213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394213" title="Gaius Betitius Pius">
Gaius Betitius Pius

Gaius Betitius Pius (ca 175 - aft. 223) was a Patronus of Canusium in 223.
He was the son of Gaius Betitius Maximillianus (b. ca 145), Suffect Consul.
He married Seia Fuscinilla (b. ca 185), sister of Seius Sallustius, Roman usurper Emperor, daughter of Seius (b. ca 155) and wife Herennia Orbiana (b. ca 160), and paternal granddaughter of Publius Seius Fuscianus (ca 120 - aft. 189), Consul in 151?, PUR 187-189 and Suffect Consul in 188, and had: 

</doc>
<doc id="20394216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394216" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Harar">
Apostolic Vicariate of Harar

The Apostolic Vicariate of Harar () is a Roman Catholic apostolic vicariate located in the city of Harar in Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="20394267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394267" title="Moratorium (law)">
Moratorium (law)

A moratorium is a delay or suspension of an activity or a law. In a legal context, it may refer to the temporary suspension of a law to allow a legal challenge to be carried out. 
For example, animal rights activists and conservation authorities may request fishing or hunting moratoriums to protect endangered or threatened animal species. These delays, or suspensions, prevent people from hunting or fishing the animals in discussion. 
Another instance is a delay of legal obligations or payment. A legal official can order a delay of payment due to extenuating circumstances, which render one party incapable of paying another.

</doc>
<doc id="20394280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394280" title="SS Empire Broadsword">
SS Empire Broadsword

Empire Broadsword was an Type C1-S-AY-1 infantry landing ship built in 1943 as Cape Marshall. She was renamed "Empire Broadsword" before completion and entering into service for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). She had a short career, entering service in December 1943 and being sunk by a mine in July 1944.
Construction.
The ship was built by Consolidated Steel Corporation, Wilmington, California as yard number 348. She was launched on 16 August 1943 as "Cape Marshall". She was long, with a beam of and a depth of . She was propelled by two steam turbines which drove a single screw via double reduction gearing. The steam turbine were manufactured by Westinghouse Electrical and Manufacturing Corp, Essington, Pennsylvania.
Career.
The ship was transferred under the terms of lend lease shortly after being completed in 1943 under the name "Empire Broadsword". She was chartered by the MoWT, and was operated under the management of Cunard White Star Line
The "Empire Broadsword" was mined and sunk off Normandy while supporting the allied invasion of Europe. Her position is . Seventy survivors were rescued by . The wreck lies on its starboard side in of water and is now a dive site. Those lost on "Empire Broadsword" are commemorated at the Tower Hill Memorial, London.
Official Numbers and Code Letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers. "Empire Broadsword" had the UK Official Number 169737 and used the Code Letters MYMJ.

</doc>
<doc id="20394282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394282" title="Edward Samuel Ritchie">
Edward Samuel Ritchie

Edward Samuel Ritchie (1814–1895), an American inventor and physicist, is considered to be the most innovative instrument maker in nineteenth-century America, making important contributions to both science and navigation. 
Early life and career.
Ritchie was born in Dorchester, Massachusetts on August 18, 1814, the son of John and Elizabeth Eliot Ritchie. As a young child Ritchie displayed a great aptitude for both the arts and mechanical sciences. After working as an amateur sculptor, he founded a business in 1850 with N.B. Chamberlain to manufacture mechanical and electrical instruments. Chamberlain eventually left, and Ritchie continued the business alone.
Inventions and Innovations.
In the early 1850s, after examining an example of an electric induction coil made by German instrument maker Heinrich Daniel Ruhmkorff, which produced a small two-inch (50 mm) electric spark when energized, Ritchie perceived that it could be made more efficient and produce a longer spark by redesigning and improving its secondary insulation. His own design divided the coil into sections, each properly insulated from each other. Ritchie's first induction coil produced a spark 10 inches (25 cm) in length; a later perfected model produced a bolt two feet (60 cm) or longer in length.
In 1857, one of Ritchie's induction coils was exhibited in Dublin, Ireland at a conference of the British Association for the Advancement of Science, and later at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland. Intrigued, Ruhmkorff himself procured a sample of the Ritchie induction coil and used it as a basis for revising his own design. The German inventor was later awarded a scientific prize by Napoleon III. Disappointed in not receiving recognition for his improvements, Ritchie turned his attention to navigational instruments.
Ritchie began making marine bearing compasses for the U.S. Navy before the American Civil War. At the time, British Admiralty dry-mount nautical compasses were considered by all navies and merchant shipping companies as the technological standard of the day. Ritchie thought they could be improved upon, and by 1860 had received a U.S. patent for the first successful and practicable liquid-filled marine compass suitable for general use, a development that has been described as the first major advance in compass technology in several hundred years. With the damping provided by the liquid, together with a gimbal mounting, the floating indicator or card of the Ritchie compass remained relatively stable even when a ship's deck pitched and rolled during periods of severe weather. In Ritchie's third patent application (#38,126) dated April 7, 1863, several features that contributed to the success of his compass are revealed, including a floating card of nearly the same specific gravity as the liquid, an air-tight metallic case, and an elastic chamber that served as a diaphragm, compensating for temperature changes and resultant unequal expansion of the liquid and the bowl. 
Ritchie liquid-filled nautical compasses soon became a U.S. Navy standard, and were also widely used by American merchant mariners. He also invented an improved theodolite which was immediately adopted by the U.S. Navy for measuring harbors and port entrances.
The business he began in 1850 became E. S. Ritchie & Son in 1866 and E. S. Ritchie & Sons in 1867, and moved from Boston to Brookline in 1886. The company specialized in manufacturing compasses, astro-navigation devices, and other nautical equipment for all types of ships, including small hand-bearing compasses for recreational and amateur sailing vessels.
Epilogue.
Following Ritchie’s death in 1895, his sons transferred the scientific instruments to the L. E. Knott Apparatus Co., while retaining the nautical instrument line, which was renamed E.S. Ritchie & Sons. The firm was incorporated as E.S. Ritchie & Sons, Inc. in 1939, and continues operations to the present day. It is now located in Pembroke, Massachusetts, and known as Ritchie Navigation.
Museum Displays.
A model of Ritchie's first liquid-filled compass is on display at the Museum of Science in London, England, the only foreign product so honored.

</doc>
<doc id="20394302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394302" title="Karolina Nowakowska">
Karolina Nowakowska

Karolina Nowakowska (born 17 May 1982 in Warsaw) - Polish actress, dancer and vocalist. Known primarily with the role of Olga in the "M jak miłość". She played among others in the city law, "Pitbull 2", "Na wspólnej", "Kryminalni". She is a graduate of the Higher School of Journalism M. Wankowicz and music school. Then she studied acting in school at Warsaw's Jewish Theater.
Carolina as a dancer in step won, among others Champion of the Czech Republic (1996), the Champion of Poland (1999) and the Polish Cup (2001). From 7 March to 25 April took part in the second edition of the "Stars dancing on ice". Her partner was Filip Bernadowski. Dropped out in the 7th section, covering 6 place. From 6 September to 6 December 2008, she participated in the fourth edition of the program "Jak oni śpiewają"(Soapstar Superstar), taking second place.

</doc>
<doc id="20394312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394312" title="Betitius Perpetuus Arzygius">
Betitius Perpetuus Arzygius

Betitius Perpetuus Arzygius (ca. 285 - aft. 312/314) was a Corrector Provinciae of Sicilia in 312/4.
He was the son of Betitius (b. ca. 255) and wife Aurelia (b. ca. 260), daughter of Aurelius (b. ca. 235) and paternal granddaughter of Marcus Aurelius Cominius Arzygius, paternal grandson of Betitius (b. ca. 230) and wife, great-grandson of Betitius (b. ca. 205) and wife and great-great-grandson of Gaius Betitius Pius and wife Seia Fuscinilla, sister of Seius Sallustius, Roman usurper Emperor.
He married and had: 

</doc>
<doc id="20394330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394330" title="Winfridah Mofu">
Winfridah Mofu

Winfridah Mofu is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Zambia in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She studied at the University of Zambia and pursued her degree on library and information studies and economics.

</doc>
<doc id="20394342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394342" title="Kārlis Zariņš">
Kārlis Zariņš

Kārlis Zariņš may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20394354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394354" title="2008 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit (Guatemala)">
2008 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit (Guatemala)

The 2008 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit at Guatemala was held April 16–21, 2008 in Guatemala City, Guatemala. It was the second leg of the NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20394364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394364" title="Never Sorry">
Never Sorry

"For the film about the Chinese artist see "
Never Sorry: A Leigh Koslow Mystery is a crime novel by the American writer Edie Claire set in contemporary Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the story of advertising copywriter Leigh Koslow, who when her fledgling advertising business is short on cash, takes a part-time job at the Pittsburgh Zoo, where she stumbles onto a grisly crime scene. 
The novel is the second in a series of five Leigh Koslow mysteries.
"Edie Claire is a bright new mystery writer. The fast-paced story line retains a serious tone with humorous interludes to ease the tension and turn the sleuthing relatives into real people. A winning amateur sleuth tale that showcases a new talent."— "Midwest Book Review"
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20394381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394381" title="Faltonius Pinianus">
Faltonius Pinianus

Faltonius Pinianus (ca. 235 - aft. 286) was a Proconsul of Asia in 286 or 305.
He was the son of Faltonius Restitutianus.
He married and had issue:

</doc>
<doc id="20394389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394389" title="The Giants (album)">
The Giants (album)

The Giants is a 1974 album featuring Oscar Peterson, Joe Pass, and Ray Brown. At the Grammy Awards of 1978, Peterson won the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Performance by a Soloist for his performance on this album. It was reissued on CD in 1995 by Original Jazz Classics.

</doc>
<doc id="20394404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394404" title="Kārlis Zariņš (writer)">
Kārlis Zariņš (writer)

Kārlis Zariņš (December 12, 1889 - December 20, 1978) was a Latvian writer.

</doc>
<doc id="20394408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394408" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Meki">
Apostolic Vicariate of Meki

The Apostolic Vicariate of Meki () is a Roman Catholic apostolic Vicariate located in the city of Meki in Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="20394410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394410" title="CubeHash">
CubeHash

CubeHash is a cryptographic hash function submitted to the NIST hash function competition by Daniel J. Bernstein. CubaHash has a 128 byte state, uses wide pipe construction, and is ARX based. Message blocks are XORed into the initial bits of a 128-byte state, which then goes through an r-round bijective transformation between blocks. The initial NIST proposal ("Cubehash8/1") required about 200 cycles per byte. After clarifications from NIST, the author changed the proposal to Cubehash16/32, which "is approximately 16 times faster than CubeHash8/1, easily catching up to both SHA-256 and SHA-512 on the reference platform" while still maintaining a "comfortable security margin".
CubeHash advanced to the second round of the competition, but was not chosen as one of the 5 finalists. The author tuned the parameters further since.
How it works.
This description refers to the latest specification, and not the NIST submission.
CubeHash has 5 parameters, a certain instance is denoted by CubeHashi+r/b+f-h.
In the original NIST submission, i and f was fixed to 10r. The obsolete notation CubeHashr/b-h indicates i and f being implicitly 10r.
The internal state is defined as a five dimensional array of words (four-byte integers), 0-1 in both dimensions. The words are referred to with their coordinates to [11111. The words are treated as little-endian.
The internal state is initialized by setting the first three words ([00001, ) to h/8, b, and r respectively, all other words to zero. The state is then run through i rounds, and the initialization stage is complete. The state is now the Initialization Vector (IV). The IV can be saved and reused for a given combination of h, b, r.
The message is padded and split to b-byte blocks. The padding appends a 1 bit, followed by as many 0 bits as necessary to make a complete block.
Each block is inputed to by XORing into the first b bytes of the state, and then performing r rounds of transformation.
Finally, 1 is XORed to the state word , and then f rounds of transformation are performed.
The output hash is now contained in the first h/8 bytes of this final state.
Round Function.
CubeHash round function consists of the following ten steps:
Example Hashes.
This example uses CubeHash80+8/1+80-512. The initialization vector is the same for all 80+8/1+f-512 hashes, and is as follows:
Hashing the ASCII message "Hello" (hex: 0x48, 0x65, 0x6c, 0x6c, 0x6f) uses 6 message blocks. There are 5 blocks from the message, and since this is a byte-aligned input, there is 1 block for padding. The 512 bit hash value is:
A small change in the message, such as flipping a single bit, will wildly change the hash output, due to the avalanche effect. Hashing the message "hello" (which only differs from "Hello" in 1 bit position) gives the following hash value:
Parameter Changes.
CubeHash allows for many different parameters to be used to determine the hash output. It is up to the user to decide which parameters they wish to use. Here are several example hashes of different messages, using different parameters. The messages are all in ASCII.
The Initialization Vectors for the four variants shown are all different as well. For example, the Initialization Vector for CubeHash80+8/1+80-512 can be seen above, and the IV for CubeHash80+8/1+80-256 is:
Security.
The strength of this function increases as b decreases towards 1, and as r increases. So CubeHash 8/1-512 is stronger (more secure) than CubeHash 1/1-512, and CubeHash 1/1-512 is stronger than CubeHash 1/2-512. The weakest possible version of this algorithm is CubeHash 1/128-h. However, there is a security versus time tradeoff. A more secure version will take longer to compute a hash value than a weakened version.

</doc>
<doc id="20394413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394413" title="Lausanne Committee for World Evangelization">
Lausanne Committee for World Evangelization

The Lausanne Committee for World Evangelization, more commonly known as The Lausanne Movement, is a global Movement that mobilizes evangelical leaders to collaborate for world evangelization. The stated vision is "the whole church taking the whole gospel to the whole world".
The Lausanne Movement grew out of the 1974 International Congress on World Evangelization (ICOWE) and promotes active worldwide evangelism. The Lausanne Covenant provides the theological basis for collaborative work in the area of mission and evangelism. The Cape Town Commitment defines the movement's goals.
History.
The ICOWE met in Lausanne, Switzerland in 1974. It was organized in part by Billy Graham and was attended by some 2,700 participants and guests from over 150 nations who met here to discuss and promote evangelism. One result of this conference was the Lausanne Continuation Committee, which planned to sustain the movement started at Lausanne. This committee formed the backbone for the official inception of the LCWE in 1976. Another organizational backbone of the movement was the "Mission Advanced Research and Communication Center (MARC)", a division of World Vision International.
Organization.
The Lausanne Board of Directors is chaired by Ram Gidoomal. The newly appointed Executive Director/CEO is Dr. Michael Oh, who succeeds Rev. S. Douglas Birdsall. Board members include leaders from around the world. 
Lausanne's latest Congress took place in Cape Town, South Africa in October 2010.
Significance.
Lausanne has spawned significant involvement from agencies and individual Christians. The Movement surrounding it has led to hundreds of books on evangelism and theology being published. These include workbooks for choosing strategies with which to evangelize to "unreached peoples". The documents of greatest significance to date are The Lausanne Covenant, which is used by evangelical mission organisations worldwide as a basis for faith, action and partnership, and The Cape Town Commitment which is "in two parts. Part l sets out biblical convictions, passed down to us in the scriptures, and Part ll sounds the call to action."
Publications.
Lausanne's most recent publications include, "Christ Our Reconciler", from Cape Town 2010. Lausanne also publishes occasional papers on its website. The series of booklets, "The Didasko Files", includes some Lausanne Movement documents such as a study guide to The Lausanne Covenant, written by the chief architect of the Covenant, John Stott.
Cape Town 2010.
At the urging of evangelical leaders worldwide, The Lausanne Movement held The Third Congress on World Evangelisation in Cape Town, South Africa, 16-25 October 2010. The goal of Cape Town 2010 was to re-stimulate the spirit of Lausanne represented in the Lausanne Covenant: to promote unity, humbleness in service, and a call to action for global evangelization. 

</doc>
<doc id="20394419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394419" title=".44 Colt">
.44 Colt

The .44 Colt was an American centerfire revolver cartridge produced commercially from 1871 until the 1940s.
The cartridge was developed for the United States Army, and introduced by Colt's Patent Firearms around 1871. The Army used it until 1873, at which time it was replaced by the better known .45 Long Colt cartridge used in the recently adopted Colt Single Action Army revolver.
The .44 Colt was used in the Richards-Mason conversions of Colt's 1860 Army percussion revolver. The conversion process involved boring through the chambers of the obsolete cap and ball revolvers to enable them to chamber centerfire metallic cartridges.
The original .44 Colt loading used an outside lubricated bullet. Benet cup and Martin-type primers were later replaced by more reliable Boxer type primers.
The ballistic performance of the original .44 Colt is comparable to the .44 Remington, and less powerful than modern .44 Russian loadings. Cases for the modern ".44 Colt" chambered handguns are typically made using trimmed .44 Magnum, .44 Special, or .44 Russian brass and a historically inaccurate .429 lead bullet. (As opposed to the older "heeled bullets" with a larger .451" diameter outside lubricated bullet.). 
Commercial black powder and smokeless ammunition remained available until around 1940, by which time the .44 Colt had been entirely supplanted by more modern handgun cartridges such as the .38 Special and .44 Special.

</doc>
<doc id="20394424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394424" title="Māra Zālīte">
Māra Zālīte

Māra Zālīte (born February 18, 1952) is a Latvian writer.
Bibliography.
Mara Zalite was born in Krasnoyarsk (Russia) where her family had been deported. In 1975 she graduated department of Philology in University of Latvia (a former State University). Between year 1974 and 1989 Mara Zalite worked as a technical assistant at the Writers’ Union of Latvia, as a manager of the New Writers’ Studio and as a poetry consultant for the magazine “Liesma”. In 1989 she moved forward to become a chief editor of the publishing house and magazine “Karogs”, she was in this position until 2000, when she became a president of the Latvian Authors’ Association. She is also a trust member of the National Library Board, a member of Copyright Advisory Council of The Ministry of Culture, a member of National Cultural Council, an honorary member of the Academy of Sciences, a member of the City Council of the Three-Star Order (since 1999), a chairman of a State Language Commission (2002-2004). She has been awarded the Three Star Order, Commemorative Medal of Barricades and has received several literary prizes.

</doc>
<doc id="20394454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394454" title="Edvarts Virza">
Edvarts Virza

Edvarts Virza (born December 27, 1883 – March 1, 1940) was a Latvian writer. In 1935 and 1936 he was a nominee for the Nobel Prize in Literature.

</doc>
<doc id="20394468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394468" title="Faltonius Restitutianus">
Faltonius Restitutianus

Faltonius Restitutianus (c. 200 - aft. 253) was a "Praefectus Vigilum" (Prefect of the Vigiles) in 244 and a "Praefectus Aeg." in 253.
He married and had a son, Faltonius Pinianus.

</doc>
<doc id="20394469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394469" title="2004 Bihar flood">
2004 Bihar flood

The 2004 Bihar flood was one of the worst floods in Bihar, India in a decade. 885 people and 3272 animals had lost their lives and nearly 21.299 million human were affected. 20 districts of Bihar were affected. An alarming rise in water level due to heavy rains inundated fresh areas in Bhagalpur district, Begusarai district, Katihar district, Darbhanga district, Samastipur district and Khagaria district. According to the Central Water Commission Bagmati, Budhi Gandak, Kamla Balan, Adhwara, Kosi and Mahananda rivers were flowing above the red mark at various places, while the Ganges crossed the danger mark for the first time at Farakka Barrage.

</doc>
<doc id="20394471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394471" title="Faraway Ranch Historic District">
Faraway Ranch Historic District

The Faraway Ranch Historic District is part of Chiricahua National Monument in Arizona, and preserves an area associated with the final conflicts with the local Apache, as well as one of the last frontier settlements. In particular, it is associated with the people who promoted the establishment of Chiricahua National Monument.
Bonita Canyon lies at an approximate altitude of 5160 feet. The box canyon opens in a southwesterly direction into the Sulphur Springs Valley.
Settlement of the area was started at the Stafford Homestead in Bonita Canyon in 1879. J. Hughes Stafford was a significant pioneer in the area, and his cabin was incorporated into the later tourist development. In 1885-86, the 10th Cavalry, an African-American enlisted unit commanded by white officers, established a temporary camp at Bonita Canyon. They were part of the last campaign to capture the Apache rebel Geronimo.
In 1886 Neil Erickson and Emma Sophia Peterson, both young Swedish immigrants, married and set out for Bonita Canyon to homestead. The Erickson Homestead, established in 1887, soon became the Erickson Ranch as they gradually took over the smaller homesteads in the canyon. They planted fruit trees and vegetables, and raised cattle. The Erickson Ranch period, 1887–1917, was significant in the areas of agriculture, architecture, industry, social history, conservation and the end of the frontier.
In 1903 Neil became a forest ranger with what soon became the US Forest Service. He was promoted to District Ranger in 1917. He headquartered at the ranch until he received his promotion which required him to relocate. The senior Ericksons left the ranch in the hands of their oldest child, Lillian, a college graduate and part-time school teacher. She managed the cattle ranching operations and branched out into guest ranching, letting rooms, and providing guests with horses to ride and guided trail tours for a fee. In 1923 she suffered a head injury in a fall from a horse which compromised her vision immediately and took it completely 19 years later. Nevertheless even into her 80s she continued to run the ranch with the help of series of foremen and hired hands. Guest operations continued into the mid-1960s. In 1974 she moved for a time to a rest home in Willcox, but returned to the ranch and continued to manage it in some capacity until her death in 1977.
At about the same time as her accident, 1923, Lillian married a local son of pioneer stock, Ed Riggs. While she managed the operations at home, Ed promoted the “Wonderland of Rocks,” an area of rhyolite tuff rock formations just southeast of the ranch) as a tourist attraction and potential national monument. Largely through his efforts, Chiricahua National Monument was established in 1924 and Riggs was hired to supervise construction of new horse and hiking trails throughout the newly established monument. He also managed most of the maintenance around the ranch until his death in 1950. 
The National Park Service acquired furnishings, papers, documents and records associated with the ranch with its purchase. As a most complete and outstanding historical record of both the business and personal affairs of the family that founded, developed, and operated this ranch, the documents are considered contributing to the district.
External links.
All of the following are filed under Willcox vicinity, Cochise County, AZ:

</doc>
<doc id="20394473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394473" title="Vélizy 2">
Vélizy 2

Vélizy 2 is a large shopping complex in France. The complex was first opened in 1972 and has been expanded over the years and has become one of the major business and commercial precincts in Europe. The retail park is located in the town of Vélizy-Villacoublay in Paris and comprises more than 170 shops, services, restaurants and 4 cinema screens. The centre caters for over 60,000 customers a day and over 18 million customers a year, views of the main runway at Villacoublay airbase can be enjoyed from the Auchan car park.

</doc>
<doc id="20394475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394475" title="Ojārs Vācietis">
Ojārs Vācietis

Ojārs Vācietis (born November 13, 1933 - November 28, 1983) was a Latvian writer.

</doc>
<doc id="20394487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394487" title="Uganda Revenue Authority">
Uganda Revenue Authority

The Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) was set up by an Act of Parliament in 1991. The URA has head offices in Kampala and operates over a dozen main branch offices throughout the country.[http://ura.go.ug] It is responsible for collecting and accounting for various forms of tax revenue, in Uganda.
Administration.
The administrative structure of the URA has seven administrative departments:
External links.
c

</doc>
<doc id="20394496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394496" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Soddo–Hosanna">
Apostolic Vicariate of Soddo–Hosanna

The Apostolic Vicariate of Soddo () is a Roman Catholic Apostolic Vicariate located in the city of Sodo in Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="20394498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394498" title="Linards Tauns">
Linards Tauns

Linards Tauns (born Arnolds Mikus Bērzs-Bērziņš) (October 13, 1922 - July 30, 1963) was a Latvian writer. He was one of the immigrant artists who formed the "Hell's Kitchen school" of art among Latvian immigrants in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20394499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394499" title="Nurlatsky District">
Nurlatsky District

Nurlatsky District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20394505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394505" title="Aleksandr Yevstafyev">
Aleksandr Yevstafyev

Aleksandr Andreyevich Yevstafyev () (born January 15, 1985) is a Russian footballer. He last played for FC Rus Saint Petersburg.
In 2006 he became Russian First Division winner playing for FC Khimki.

</doc>
<doc id="20394527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394527" title="National Coalition Against Domestic Violence">
National Coalition Against Domestic Violence

The National Coalition Against Domestic Violence (NCADV) is an organization founded in 1978 in Washington, D.C. with a goal to “organize for collective power by advancing transformative work, thinking and leadership in communities and individuals who seek to end violence in our lives.” The organization not only focuses on domestic violence in the home, but also society-wide violence and factors which perpetuate violence against women and children. Over the years multiple corporate sponsors have joined up with NCADV to provide funding for the organization's services.
History.
NCADV began at the United States Commission on Civil Rights hearing on battered women. What started out as only 100 individuals now boasts thousands of members working together and sharing their experiences of domestic violence.
NCADV members came together to battle topics in addition to domestic violence such as homophobia, sexism, racism, and ageism. As of 2008, NCADV has been involved with multiple legislative acts including; the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act (FVPSA), International Violence Against Women Act, and Legislative Action Day. A list of their past legislative "priorities," are available on the NCADV website through 2004.
Working With Public Policy.
In addition to making safe-homes and shelters available to battered women, NCADV also works to improve current public policy by collaborating with legislators on the federal level. The Washington, D.C. office for the organization is the public policy office from which leaders of the organization make efforts to change and improve legislation dealing with domestic violence. In 1994 the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence got involved with several other advocacy organizations and helped to pass the Violence Against Women Act signed by President Bill Clinton to provide funding for investigation into domestic violence as well as greater prosecution of offenders. Another topic dealt with within the organization is that of custody battles involving offenders of domestic violence. The National Coalition Against Domestic Violence works to create awareness of these situations and develop legislation which keeps the best interest of the children in mind.
Projects.
NCADV sponsors conferences frequently in order to bring survivors and leaders together to freely speak on the topic of domestic violence and develop connections with one another.One of the most recent events was the "2008 National Coalition Against Domestic Violence Conference" held July 18, 2008 in Washington D.C. The conference is held every two years and is a place for members to plan out future endeavors and commemorate past actions. The National Coalition Against Domestic Violence is also credited with creating and observing the first Domestic Violence Awareness month in October 1987. In 1994, NCADV teamed up with Ms Magazine to create the "Remember My Name Project,"an ever-growing list of victims who have lost their lives to domestic violence. Lists are available currently from the year 1994 to 2004. It is estimated that every day in the United States, over three women are killed by a boyfriend or spouse.
Recently, as of early 2008, news releases report that television network ABC and their show 20/20 are in the process of considering airing an hour long segment about a wife and mother suffering from domestic violence and receiving less-than-par treatment from the family court system. The NCADV also creates Public Service announcements by way of short commercials to help increase awareness of domestic violence and help women affected by it to call their National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-SAFE (7233).
Programs.
Aside from offering shelter and support to victims, NCADV has also developed two programs for financial education and reconstructive surgery. In 2001 NCADV partnered with The National Endowment for Financial Education to produce a manual, titled "Hope & Power for Your Personal Finances: A Rebuilding Guide Following Domestic Violence," which serves to inform and assist women who have been victims of domestic violence to regain financial freedom in their lives. This program deals with topics including but not limited to budgeting, banking, lending, dealing with workplace abuse and identity theft. The Coalition Against Domestic Violence has also set-up and held workshops designed to train individuals to have the skills necessary for participation in financial education. Trainers must know how to handle individuals who have sustained abuse in their past relationships, while at the same time offering advice and guiding them. The program for cosmetic and reconstructive surgery, known as Cosmetic and Reconstructive Support or(CRS), deals with three medical associations including Face to Face, Give Back a Smile, and a program formerly known as Skin Care Outreach Empowers Survivors. In association with these three programs, NCADV is able to aid survivors in facial, dentistry, and dermatological reconstruction necessary to live a healthy life after suffering from domestic violence, and hopefully move on from their traumatic past. While other services are offered to domestic violence victims, CRS is the only one directly offered by NCADV. Additionally, NCADV has been working since the disaster of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 to relocate women who had previously been staying at women's shelters throughout affected areas. They have set up an outlet for other battered women's shelters throughout the country to advertise the availability of beds.
Criticism Against NCADV.
There have been multiple instances of criticism regarding the tactics and beliefs of the NCADV. Between the years of 1985 and 1986, the NCADV was in the works of requesting and receiving a two-year grant from the United States Department of Justice which would serve to provide domestic violence information and training across the nation. During the time, groups opposing the tactics of the NCADV came out, including the Heritage Foundation, accusing the organization of being Pro-Lesbian and Anti-Family. The grant was never issued, and the NCADV went into an agreement with the Department of Justice which said that the Department of Justice would monitor and pre-approve any actions by the organization. After one year this agreement was ended by NCADV due to the tense relationship between the two parties.
Publications.
Informational manuals and publications by the NCADV and members include:

</doc>
<doc id="20394535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394535" title="Danny Green (actor)">
Danny Green (actor)

Danny Green (26 May 1903, London, England – 1973) was an English character actor, best known for his role as the slow-witted ex-boxer "One-Round" Lawson in "The Ladykillers".
He worked in film, television and on the stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20394543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394543" title="SHA-3">
SHA-3

SHA-3, a subset of the cryptographic primitive family Keccak (, or ), is a cryptographic hash function designed by Guido Bertoni, Joan Daemen, Michaël Peeters, and Gilles Van Assche, building upon RadioGatún.
On October 2, 2012, Keccak was selected as the winner of the NIST hash function competition. SHA-3 is not meant to replace SHA-2, as no significant attack on SHA-2 has been demonstrated. Because of the successful attacks on MD5 and SHA-0 and theoretical attacks on SHA-1, NIST perceived a need for an alternative, dissimilar cryptographic hash, which became SHA-3.
SHA-3 uses the sponge construction in which message blocks are XORed into the initial bits of the state, which is then invertibly permuted. In the version used in SHA-3, the state consists of a 5×5 array of 64-bit words, 1600 bits total. The authors claim 12.5 cycles per byte on an Intel Core 2 CPU. However, in hardware implementations it is notably faster than all other finalists.
Keccak's authors have proposed additional, not-yet-standardized uses for the function, including an authenticated encryption system and a "tree" hash for faster hashing on certain architectures. Keccak is also defined for smaller power-of-2 word sizes "w" down to 1 bit (25 bits total state). Small state sizes can be used to test cryptanalytic attacks, and intermediate state sizes (e.g., from "w"=4, 100 bits, to "w"=32, 800 bits) could potentially provide practical, lightweight alternatives.
The block permutation.
This is defined for any power-of-two word size, "w" = 2ℓ bits. The main SHA-3 submission uses 64-bit words, ℓ = 6.
The state can be considered to be a 5×5×"w" array of bits. Let "a"["i"]["j"]["k"] be bit ("i"×5 + "j")×"w" + "k" of the input, using a little-endian convention. Index arithmetic is performed modulo 5 for the first two dimensions and modulo "w" for the third.
The basic block permutation function consists of 12+2ℓ iterations of five sub-rounds, each individually very simple:
Hashing variable-length messages.
To absorb "r" bits of data, the data is XORed into the leading bits of the state, and the block permutation is applied. To squeeze, the first "r" bits of the state are produced as output, and the block permutation is applied if additional output is desired.
Central to this is the "capacity" of the hash function, which is the "c"=25"w"−"r" state bits that are not touched by input or output. This can be adjusted based on security requirements, but the SHA-3 proposal sets a conservative "c"=2"n", where "n" is the size of the output hash. Thus "r", the number of message bits processed per block permutation, depends on the output hash size. The NIST submission sets the rate "r" as 1152, 1088, 832, or 576 (144, 136, 104 and 72 bytes) for 224, 256, 384 and 512-bit hash sizes, respectively. At RSA Conference 2013, and then at CHES 2013, John Kelsey of NIST announced that the capacity is likely to be lowered to 256 bit for the 224 and 256 bit variants, and 512 bit for the 384 and 512 bit variants. Thus, the preimage and collision resistances would be set to the same. The 224/384 bit variants would be truncated versions of the 256/512 variants, similarly to the SHA2 family. NIST also considers standardizing other usage modes of Keccak.
To ensure the message can be evenly divided into "r"-bit blocks, padding is required. The submission proposes the bit pattern 10*1: a 1 bit, zero or more 0 bits (maximum "r"−1), and a final 1 bit. The final 1 bit is required because the sponge construction security proof requires that the rate is encoded in the final block ("multi rate padding"). This padding might be changed in the final SHA-3 standard to match the padding of Sakura, a tree hashing scheme proposed by the Keccak authors.
To compute a hash, initialize the state to 0, pad the input, and break it into "r"-bit pieces. Absorb the input into the state; that is, for each piece, XOR it into the state and then apply the block permutation.
After the final block permutation, the leading "n" bits of the state are the desired hash. Because "r" is always greater than "n", there is actually never a need for additional block permutations in the squeezing phase. However, arbitrary output length may be useful in applications such as optimal asymmetric encryption padding. In this case, "n" is a security parameter rather than the output size.
Although not part of the SHA-3 competition requirements, smaller variants of the block permutation can be used, for hash output sizes up to half their state size, if the rate r is limited appropriately. For example, a 256-bit hash can be computed using 25 32-bit words if "r" = 800−2×256 = 288 (36 bytes per iteration).
Comparison of SHA functions.
In the table below, "internal state" means the number of bits that are carried over to the next block.
Tweaks.
Throughout the NIST hash function competition, entrants were permitted to "tweak" their algorithms to address issues that were discovered. Changes that have been made to Keccak are:
NIST announcement controversy.
In February 2013 at the RSA Conference, and then in August 2013 at CHES, NIST announced they would select different values for the capacity, i.e., the security parameter, for the SHA-3 standard, compared to the submission. The changes caused some turmoil.
In September 2013, on the NIST hash-forum mailing list, Daniel J. Bernstein suggested strengthening the security to the 576-bit capacity that was originally proposed as the default Keccak.
In early October 2013, Bruce Schneier criticized NIST's decision on the basis of its possible detrimental effects on the acceptance of the algorithm, saying
The Keccak team responded by stating that they proposed 128-bit security by setting c=256 as an option already in their SHA-3 proposal. But in the light of the uproar in the cryptographic community, they proposed raising the capacity to 512 bits for all instances.
Paul Crowley expressed his support of the decision, saying that Keccak supposed to be tunable and there is no reason for different security levels within one primitive. He also added:
There was also some confusion that internal changes were made to Keccak. The Keccak team clarified this, stating that NIST's proposal for SHA-3 is a subset of the Keccak family, for which one can generate test vectors using their reference code submitted to the contest, and that this proposal was the result of a series of discussions between them and the NIST hash team. Also, Bruce Schneier corrected his earlier statement, saying
In November 2013, in the light of the uproar in the cryptographic community, John Kelsey of NIST proposed to go back to the original c=2n proposal for all SHA-2 drop-in replacement instances.
Examples of SHA-3 (Keccak) variants.
Hash values of empty string. Actual parameters to be passed to the Keccak function (which expects 5 parameters) in order to achieve these outputs are as follows:
Even a small change in the message will (with overwhelming probability) result in a mostly different hash, owing to the avalanche effect. For example, adding a period to the end of the sentence:

</doc>
<doc id="20394578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394578" title="Marcus Pomponius Maecius Probus">
Marcus Pomponius Maecius Probus

Marcus Pomponius Maecius Probus (ca 195 – aft. 228) was a Consul in 228.
He was the son of Marcus Maecius Probus and wife Pomponia Arria.
In the genealogical reconstruction by C. Settipani, he married and had: 

</doc>
<doc id="20394612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394612" title="Stephen Haliczer">
Stephen Haliczer

Stephen Haliczer is an American Jewish historian of Spain, Italy, and the Catholic Church during the Early Modern era. He is a professor of history at Northern Illinois University. Haliczer's undergraduate work was done at Bard College and his graduate work at St. Andrews University. His study of Early Modern Spain has received praise from a variety of other historians, such as Joseph Perez. In his books, Haliczer holds to the functionalist school of historical thought.
In 2006, he released an educational board game "Vatican: Unlock the Secrets of How Men Become Pope". Based on his research, the game attempts to show the process of selecting a Pope as players first maneuver for position, then vie to be named the new Pope upon the previous Pope's death.
Works.
Books:
The books concerning the history of Spain have had Spanish-language editions published. Haliczer has written a variety of articles in journals as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20394627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394627" title="Bong Tae-gyu">
Bong Tae-gyu

Bong Tae-gyu (born 19 May 1981) is a South Korean actor.

</doc>
<doc id="20394657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394657" title="Natalie Mei">
Natalie Mei

Natalie Mei (January 10, 1900 - July 29, 1975) was an Estonian painter and graphic artist.
Born on the Estonian island of Hiiumaa, Natalie Mei was one of three daughters of a ship's captain. All three sisters would become artists, with Natalie and older sister Lydia Mei achieving public prominence during the "Neue Sachlichkeit" (New Objectivity) period of Estonian art of the 1920s.
Mei is buried at the Rahumäe cemetery in Tallinn.
References.
Pihlak, Elvi: "Lydia Mei - Natüürmortide ja lillemaalide meister" in: "Kunst" Vol. 1962,1 pgs 16-20. Tallinn.

</doc>
<doc id="20394662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394662" title="Zoran Knežević (footballer)">
Zoran Knežević (footballer)

Zoran Knežević (Serbian Cyrillic: Зopaн Kнeжeвић ; born August 15, 1986 in Valjevo) is a Serbian footballer who is last played for Sloboda Užice.

</doc>
<doc id="20394670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394670" title="Sean Faircloth">
Sean Faircloth

Sean Faircloth (born 1960/1961) is an American writer and politician from Maine. Faircloth is the author of "Attack of the Theocrats! How the Religious Right Harms Us All -- and What We Can Do About It", an attorney and five term state legislator. While in the legislature, Faircloth was appointed to the Judiciary and Appropriations Committees. In his final term, Faircloth was elected Majority Whip. In 2009 Faircloth became executive director of the Secular Coalition for America, advocating for separation of church and state, and for greater acceptance of nontheistic viewpoints in American life. In September 2011 he became the Director of Strategy and Policy for the Richard Dawkins Foundation for Reason and Science and was the opening speaker for Dawkins' book tour. Faircloth's first book published by Pitchstone Press, "Attack of the Theocrats! How the Religious Right Harms Us All - and What We Can Do About It" was released in February 2012.
Faircloth had the idea for the Maine Discovery Museum in 1996 and led the project from concept to completion in 2001. Maine Discovery Museum was then the second largest children's museum outside Boston in New England.
Faircloth successfully spearheaded over thirty laws, including the so-called Deadbeat Dad child support law which was later incorporated into federal law. Faircloth had numerous legislative successes in children's issues and justice system reform.
Faircloth has spoken around the United States regarding the U.S. Constitution, children's policy, obesity policy, and sex crime law. In 2013 Faircloth traveled to New Zealand and Australia to start policy oriented secular groups, whose model can be duplicated in other countries. 
Children's advocacy.
Faircloth led the creation of Maine's Healthy Start child abuse prevention initiative, and sponsored the first law making possession of child pornography a crime in Maine.
“For his legislative accomplishments in the prevention of child sex abuse, and the healthy start child abuse prevention initiative, and for spearheading the deadbeat dad child support law,” Faircloth was named Legislator of the Year by the Maine Chapter of the National Association of Social Workers in 1995, and by the Maine Psychological Association. The deadbeat dad law was incorporated into a proposal by the Clinton administration. Laura Fortman, then Maine Women's Lobby Executive Director, said of this law, “Sean took the lead in proposing his revised amendment to members of the Appropriations Committee, in disagreement with some members of his own party on the Judiciary Committee, demonstrating tenacity and leadership. This legislation provided essential economic support for low-income women and children.” Maine's Chapter of the National Organization for Women said, “In his first term Sean Faircloth had a major impact on national public policy.”
Faircloth received the Outstanding Advocacy Award from the Maine Association of Community Service Providers (MACSP) in 2003, in part because Faircloth twice successfully opposed cuts to children’s mental health programs. MACSP President Jan Fraser said to Faircloth, “If there was ever the case that one person can make a huge difference, you are living proof.” Faircloth sponsored An Act To Enhance Education Services for Blind and Visually Impaired Children, which increased pay and the number of teachers for these children, as well as paid for new equipment for education for the blind.
In 2003 Faircloth initiated a first-in-the-nation policy improving school nutrition standards 24/7 in Maine K-12 schools, preventing sale of soda from school vending machines, and leading to removing “super-sizing” from schools. For his work on child obesity policy, Faircloth was invited to speak at conferences at Harvard Medical School, Yale University, and the Centers for Disease Control. Dr. Kelly Brownell, listed in Time Magazine's 100 most influential people said, “The legislative actions Rep. Faircloth has proposed are among the most innovative in the country. I fully expect legislators to follow Sean Faircloth’s lead.” Because of these successes, Faircloth was named Legislator of the Year by the Maine Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics, 2003.
In 2004 Faircloth was appointed House Chair of a Sex Crime Commission to Improve Sex Offender Accountability, successfully enhancing penalties on fixated pedophiles while advocating moderation of sex crime registries.
In 2007 Faircloth was appointed House Chair of the Commission to Establish a Strategic Priorities Plan for Maine’s Young Children, which created a prioritized plan regarding children’s policy, and resulted in creation of the Maine Children’s Growth Council. This Council, later designated Maine's Early Childhood Advisory Council, makes children’s issues a top priority in law, emphasizing economic return on investment in early childhood.
Writing and public speaking.
Faircloth's first book is titled "Attack of the Theocrats! How the Religious Right Harms Us All - and What We Can Do About It". The book focuses on the importance of returning America to its secular roots. In this review of the book, Adam Savage from The Mythbusters, writes: "There's not a doubt in my mind that if he was (suddenly, inexplicably) zapped back in time to meet Thomas Jefferson, that the Founding Father would clap him on the shoulder and say Thanks." Susan Jacoby, Bill Nye and JREF's James Randi also give glowing reviews. Richard Dawkins writes that this book is important "particularly as we approach America’s 2012 elections. The trend toward theocratic thinking in the United States is a danger not only for America but for the entire world."
Faircloth was a regular opinion columnist for the Bangor Metro Magazine from 2004 to 2009, and a columnist for the Bangor Daily News in the late 1990s. Because of his ideas about childhood obesity policy, Faircloth has spoken around the United States, including venues at Yale, Harvard, Rice University, and the Centers for Disease Control.
As Majority Whip, Faircloth was selected to welcome Presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama in this warm-up speech when the Senator visited Maine in 2008. Faircloth states "We want a candidate who goes beyond parties...thinks independently and seeks justice."
Maine Discovery Museum.
In 1996 Faircloth had the idea for the Maine Discovery Museum and led that project through completion of the $4.5 million facility in 2001. Maine Discovery Museum served as a lynchpin of downtown revitalization. Then-Congressman John Baldacci said that Maine Discovery Museum “restored the heart” to downtown Bangor. At that time, the Maine Discovery Museum was the largest children's museum outside Boston in New England. Capital Campaign Director Martha Dudman stated, “Sean Faircloth’s determination and attention to detail is what has made this project as successful as it has been.” The Bangor Daily News called it a “grassroots success” not possible without Sean Faircloth’s “dedication and energy.” Faircloth was honored as Grand Marshall of the 4th of July parade in Bangor in 2001. "The energy and pride that we experienced in the establishment of the Maine Discovery Museum has been repeated over and over with the University of Maine Museum of Art, the library expansion and the Bangor Museum and Center for History," said former Bangor Mayor John Rohman.
Justice system reform.
Faircloth graduated from the University of Notre Dame and the University of California, Hastings College of the Law. Attorney Faircloth worked in private law practice, served as an Assistant Attorney General, as Legal Counsel to the Maine State Senate, and lobbied on behalf of the Maine State Bar Association. He also taught courses within the University of Maine system, including Criminal Law, Criminal Evidence, Judicial Process, Administrative Law, Legal Controversies, Advocacy, as well as Legal Writing and Research.
Based on his experience as a lawyer and Assistant Attorney General, Faircloth worked successfully for improvements in child support and child protective laws. Faircloth served on the Judiciary Committee six years and also initiated improvements in the Unfair Trade Practices Act and adoption law. The Judiciary Committee had jurisdiction over both abortion and human rights law. Faircloth voted strongly pro-choice, and favored equal rights for gay citizens. In ten years as a legislator, Faircloth voted 100% of the time with the Maine Women’s Lobby. Faircloth served as House Chair of a Commission on the Citizen's Initiative Process in 2006, and also in 2004 chaired a Commission focused on addressing child sexual abuse.
Faircloth received awards of recognition, including the 2006 Legislator of the Year Award from the Maine People's Alliance, the 2005 Excellence in Advocacy Award from the American Heart Association's Northeast Affiliate, and Legislator of the Year awards from the Maine Chapters of the American Academy of Pediatrics, The American Psychological Association, the National Association of Social Workers, and the Software Developers Association.
Secular Coalition for America.
Faircloth, while a sitting legislator, gave an opening "prayer" for the session that quoted, not scripture, but the book "Freethinkers" by Susan Jacoby, as well as Walt Whitman. Faircloth began as Executive Director of the Secular Coalition for America in 2009. Faircloth’s duties include advocating on Capitol Hill and to the administration for a strong separation of church and state. Faircloth also advocates and speaks around the United States regarding secular public policy and the harm that he believes can come to average citizens if the secular nature of the American Constitution is not followed. Members of The Advisory Board of Secular Coalition for America have included Richard Dawkins, Sam Harris, Christopher Hitchens, Wendy Kaminer, Michael Newdow, Salman Rushdie, Julia Sweeney, Massimo Pigliucci, Steven Pinker, Ellery Schempp, Rob Boston, and Chair, Woody Kaplan.
As Executive Director, Faircloth has worked with the Secular Coalition for America board to create a ten-year plan called Our Secular Decade. Sean Faircloth was appointed as Director of Strategy and Policy at the Richard Dawkins Foundation in September 2011.
Richard Dawkins.
Faircloth was the opening speaker for Professor Dawkins's 2011 and 2012 book tours. Dawkins speaks highly of Faircloth and says he "has a proven ability to strategize, organize, and energize -- qualities essential to making secularism a successful social movement... I want him out speaking far and wide." Faircloth's responsibilities included blogging on the RDF website as well as public speaking for secularism and "the dangers of theocratic laws, and the value of scientific policy".
During Richard Dawkins' October 2011 book tour, its sponsor Center for Inquiry (CFI) signed a contract with Wyndgate Country Club in Rochester Hills, Michigan, as the venue site. After seeing an interview with Dawkins on "The O'Reilly Factor", an official at the club cancelled Dawkins' appearance. Dawkins said that the country club official accepted Bill O'Reilly's "twisted" interpretation of the book without having read it personally. Faircloth said that cancelling the reading "really violates the basic principles of America ... The Civil Rights Act ... prohibits discrimination based on race or religious viewpoint. ... has published numerous books ... to explain science to the public, so it's rather an affront, to reason in general, to shun him as they did." CFI Michigan executive director Jeff Seaver stated that "This action by The Wyndgate illustrates the kind of bias and bigotry that nonbelievers encounter all the time." Following the cancellation, protests and legal action by CFI against the Wyndgate Country Club were pursued. In 2013 this case was settled in favor of the Center For Inquiry.
Faircloth has represented the Richard Dawkins Foundation on many radio shows including Catholic Answers Live and Wisconsin Public Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="20394686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394686" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Bomadi">
Apostolic Vicariate of Bomadi

The Apostolic Vicariate of Bomadi () is a Roman Catholic apostolic Vicariate located in the city of Bomadi, Delta State in Nigeria.
Territory.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Bomadi straddles the Niger River and Niger Delta and includes portions of Delta State and Rivers State.

</doc>
<doc id="20394693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394693" title="Priidu Aavik">
Priidu Aavik

Priidu Aavik (April 22, 1905 Novgorod – April 22, 1991 Tallinn) was an Estonian painter.

</doc>
<doc id="20394721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394721" title="Paul Pelosi, Jr.">
Paul Pelosi, Jr.

Paul Francis Pelosi, Jr. (born January 23, 1969) is the son of Nancy Pelosi (former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives) and a speaker on environmental policies that encourage individuals and local governments to take a more active role in conserving natural resources and reducing carbon footprints. Pelosi has spoken at conferences in Stockholm, Milan, and Amsterdam. Pelosi is a contributor to the anthology Inside the Minds: Navigating Green Construction and Energy Initiatives, forthcoming from Aspatore Books in Spring 2009.
Pelosi is a graduate of Georgetown University with a Bachelor of Arts in History (Cum Laude, 1991) and a JD/MBA (Joint Degree 1995) with an emphasis in International Business. In 1991, Pelosi was a Gillette All Star Athlete in Track and he received the Georgetown International Human Rights Award in 1994.
Biography.
Paul Pelosi has 16 years experience in advising emerging and Fortune 500 companies in the areas of finance, infrastructure, sustainability and public policy. Pelosi is a founding member of Cisco Connected Urban Development and under the direction of Cisco CEO John Chambers, Pelosi worked with San Francisco, Birmingham, Amsterdam, Hamburg, Lisbon, Madrid and Seoul to attempt to demonstrate how network connectivity might reduce carbon emissions in urban environments.
In 2003, Pelosi was appointed by San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown to the city's Commission on the Environment. The commission is responsible for developing policies and programs in recycling, toxics reduction, environmental justice, energy efficiency, commute alternatives, climate change, and the city's urban forest. Pelosi served as President of the Commission. During his tenure, San Francisco implemented energy efficiency programs that resulted in a reduction of 28 megawatts of electricity, created programs that increased residential and commercial recycling from 46% to 70%, as well reduced San Francisco's carbon emissions to 6% below 1990 levels, and became the first municipality to implement a ban on plastic bags.
Currently, Pelosi serves as Senior Vice President of Business Development at InfoUSA where he is responsible for identifying acquisitions and organizing programs to develop effective strategy for reducing waste and promoting greener practices in the market research industry. Pelosi also advises companies including NASA Ames Research Center and AirPatrol Corporation on a variety of infrastructure projects to promote both sustainable development and security. Prior to independent consulting, Pelosi served many years with Bank of America Securities, Bank of America Countrywide and JP Morgan - Chase Manhattan where he worked in Corporate Finance, Institutional Sales, and the Residential Mortgage Industry.
Pelosi has been a member of the California State Bar since 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20394735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394735" title="S Club Search">
S Club Search

S Club Search is a CBBC reality television show that documents the audition process and formation for the pop group S Club Juniors in 2001. The original concept was that the children would perform at Wembley as a support act to S Club 7 on their "S Club 7 Carnival 2002" tour, but their appearance at Wembley was considered such a success that 19 Entertainment, the management company that had created S Club 7 and auditioned S Club Juniors, decided they should perform as a support act at all of the venues on the "Carnival tour". Following the tour, the eight children went on to form the band "S Club Juniors" and had six top ten UK hits.
Selected kids.
Connor Daley left the group soon after its formation to accept a scholarship to study ballet at a performing arts school.

</doc>
<doc id="20394749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394749" title="Christian Ackermann">
Christian Ackermann

Christian Ackermann was a sculptor and carver who worked in Estonia.
Life and work.
Christian Ackermann was born in Königsberg. He worked in Riga, Stockholm, and Gdańsk, before becoming active in Tallinn from about 1672 until his death in 1710. In 1675, Ackermann moved to Tallinn and acquired his own workshop. He probably died either in 1710 or a short time later from plague.
Christian Ackermann was one of the greatest masters of the Baroque style in Estonia. He brought strong Central European influences to Northeast Europe, in particular the motifs of the Baroque and masterful Acanthus ornaments.

</doc>
<doc id="20394750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394750" title="Takashi Nakakura">
Takashi Nakakura

Takashi Nakakura (Japanese: 中蔵隆志, "Nakakura Takashi", born March 23, 1977) is a Japanese mixed martial artist, and the former Shooto welterweight champion. Nakakura is also a seido kaikan karate and Judo black belt. He took up Judo for three years in high school and soon after started training in seido kaikan karate where he took 2nd in the West Japan B-league competition losing only to Tsuyoshi Nakasako, a current K-1 fighter.
MMA career.
Nakakura made his Shooto debut in 2002, in GIG: East 11. He won by submission (rear naked choke) over Heima Hashimoto in a fight that lasted a bit over three minutes. He remained undefeated for two years, until losing by decision to Takumi Nakayama in 2004. On May 3, 2008, he fought Ganjo Tetsuku at Shooto's Tradition 01 event for Shooto's Vacant welterweight championship, which he won by Unanimous Decision.
May 10, 2009 Shooto Tradition Final, Nakakura fought a non title bout against former Pride Fighting Championships lightweight title holder Takanori Gomi. Although Nakakura was willing stand and strike with Gomi, he was dominated from the opening bell. Takanori Gomi had dropped and stopped the Shooto champion with strikes at 4:42 into the second round. A few months later he vacates his Shooto belt due to eye injury.

</doc>
<doc id="20394759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394759" title="College Possible">
College Possible

College Possible (formerly "Admission Possible") is a nonprofit AmeriCorps organization whose mission is to make college admission and success possible for low-income students in the United States through an intensive curriculum of coaching and support. Its model utilizes recent college graduates as near-peer mentors to students lacking the social resources to successfully navigate the high school to college transition and to provide support through college completion. Headquartered in Saint Paul, Minnesota, the organization currently serves students in the Minneapolis-Saint Paul metro area, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Omaha, Nebraska and Portland, Oregon.
History.
College Possible was chartered as a nonprofit in September 2000, beginning operations in two Twin Cities public high schools the next spring. By the 2008-09 school year, the organization was serving students in 17 schools across Minneapolis-Saint Paul and launched a second site in Milwaukee. In the current 2012-2013 school year, College Possible operates in 19 partner schools in Minnesota, 10 partner schools in Wisconsin and 6 partner schools in Nebraska. In the fall of 2012, College Possible launched a fourth site in Portland, Oregon. 
College Possible serves nearly 12,000 students through its high school and college programs.
Programming.
A "New York Times" article from November 2005 quotes CEO Jim McCorkell as saying: "My starting idea was what if we replicated Kaplan for poor kids." To be eligible for College Possible's free services, students must come from low-income families and have a GPA of 2.0 or higher. Students accepted into the high school program participate in after-school sessions over their junior and senior years, with time divided between test preparation, college applications, and financial aid applications. The program also has a service component, including an annual food drive event on Make a Difference Day.
Students in the college program receive guidance in finding and accessing campus resources, renewing the FAFSA, locating internships, maintaining a healthy balance between homework and social obligations, as well as when transferring schools.
Evaluation.
College Possible is a 501(c)3 organization that has received the highest possible four-star rating from Charity Navigator for sound fiscal management and commitment to accountability and transparency.
Wilder Research, an arm of the Amherst H. Wilder Foundation, performed an evaluation of Admission Possible in 2006, substantiating its claim that 91% of the organization's students enrolled in college, and that it compared favorably to similar programs.
The Charities Review Council deems that it "meets all standards".
A 2011 Harvard study determined that Admission Possible more than doubles the chances a low-income student will enroll in a four-year institution.
Recognition.
McCorkell was named an Fellow, a recognition for social entrepreneurship, in 2006. The organization has been recognized with awards from the "Financial Times" and Citi, the National Association for College Admission Counseling, College Board, and the National College Access Network.
In June 2009, President Barack Obama mentioned the organization in a speech on social entrepreneurship saying: "Admission Possible operates in just two states now. So imagine if it were 10 or 20 or 50."

</doc>
<doc id="20394780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394780" title="Arnold Akberg">
Arnold Akberg

Arnold Akberg (4 February 1894 in Võipere, Haljala Parish, Virumaa (now in Kadrina Parish, Lääne-Viru County) – 7 October 1984 in Tallinn) was an Estonian painter.
Information.
Akberg studied at a Teacher's College in Rakvere in 1920, then began teaching in Tallinn. He was mostly a self-taught person, but he had help from Ants Laikmaa, who was also an Estonian painter.
His paintings were described as cubism, with them having a clear composition and delicate colours.
Exhibitions.
Akberg held many exhibitions throughout his career, some solo and some with other artists. Among his most successful solo exhibitions were the 1968 Museum of Applied Arts (Estonian Museum of Applied Art and Design), the 1967 exhibition in Tallinn, his exhibition in the Pärnu Museum of Art in 1973. In 1984 he exhibited at the USSR State Art Museum. 
Akberg also held group exhibitions with other famous artists. He was a participant at the 1929 exhibition of Estonian art in Helsinki, the Estonian exhibition in Cologne and Copenhagen in 1930, and the 1935 Estonian art exhibition in Moscow, Russia. 
Awards.
Akberg was the recipient of the 1984 Konrad Hilltop Medal. 

</doc>
<doc id="20394801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394801" title="Efraim Allsalu">
Efraim Allsalu

Efraim Allsalu (20 February 1929 in Tartu – 7 September 2006 in Tartu) was an Estonian painter.

</doc>
<doc id="20394803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394803" title="Grøstl">
Grøstl

Grøstl is a cryptographic hash function submitted to the NIST hash function competition by Praveen Gauravaram, Lars Knudsen, Krystian Matusiewicz, Florian Mendel, Christian Rechberger, Martin Schläffer, and Søren S. Thomsen. Grøstl was chosen as one of the five finalists of the competition. It uses the same S-box as AES in a custom construction. The authors claim speeds of up to 21.4 cycles per byte on an Intel Core 2 Duo.
According to the submission document, the name "Grøstl" is a multilingual play-on-words, referring to an Austrian dish that is very similar to hash (food).
Like other hash functions in the MD5/SHA family, Grøstl divides the input into blocks and iteratively computes "hi" = "f"("h""i"−1, "mi"). However, Grøstl maintains a hash state at least twice the size of the final output (512 or 1024 bits), which is only truncated at the end of hash computation.
The compression function "f" is based on a pair of 256- or 512-bit permutation functions "P" and "Q", and is defined as:
The permutation functions "P" and "Q" are heavily based on the Rijndael (AES) block cipher, but operate on 8×8 or 8×16 arrays of bytes, rather than 4×4. Like AES, each round consists of four operations:
Unlike Rijndael, all rounds are identical and there is no final AddRoundKey operation. 10 rounds are recommended for the 512-bit permutation, and 14 rounds for the 1024-bit version.
The final double-width hash receives a final output transformation of
and is then truncated to the desired width. This is equivalent to applying a final iteration of the compression function using an all-zero message block "m", followed by a (cryptographically insignificant) exclusive-or with the fixed constant "Q"(0).

</doc>
<doc id="20394841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394841" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Kontagora">
Apostolic Vicariate of Kontagora

The Apostolic Vicariate of Kontagora () is a Roman Catholic apostolic Vicariate located in the city of Kontagora in Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="20394848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394848" title="Fairfield Grammar School">
Fairfield Grammar School

Fairfield Grammar School was a secondary school in Bristol, England, founded in 1898 as Fairfield Secondary and Higher Grade School. It became a grammar school in 1945 and closed in 2000, to be replaced by a new comprehensive, Fairfield High School, at first on the same site, but now located in Stottbury Road, Bristol. BHES (Bristol Hospital Education Service), is now based in half of the old school, the other half is used by a similar service for under 13s. 
History.
The school began its life under the name of Fairfield Secondary and Higher Grade School, in an imposing new building by the architect William Larkins Bernard which was described as having a "towering collection of gables". Coeducational from the beginning, it was intended for children who would stay at school until the age of sixteen or seventeen. Its aim was stated as being to give 
When the Higher Grade School opened in 1898, it had one hundred and eighty pupils. There were fees of £1 per term, but a quarter of the places in the school were available to non-fee-paying students, who were selected by an annual competition.
In March 1918, the school's most notable son, Archie Leach, was expelled at the age of fourteen for sneaking into the girls' lavatories. He went on to become the film star Cary Grant, and reported that Fairfield had given him "a sketchy education". His contemporary at the school, Sir Archibald Russell, was deputy to the French designer of the supersonic airliner Concorde.
In 1945, the school became a grammar school.
The school occupied a triangular site in Montpelier, Bristol, being bounded by Fairlawn Road to the west, Fairfield Road to the south east, and Falkland Road to the north west. To the north was an area of railway land. There were no on-site playing fields, but there was a hard-surfaced playground to the north of the main school. This building was listed Grade II in January 2002, at a time when the local education authority was planning to move the new Fairfield High School to a new site. 
To mark the school's centenary in 1998, Ross Gilkes, a former Fairfield history master, wrote a school history which was published by the Old Fairfieldians Society.
In 2000, against a background of opposition by Bristol City Council to selective education and declining academic results, Fairfield closed as a grammar school and reopened as a comprehensive, being renamed Fairfield High School. In 2006, the new school moved to new purpose-designed buildings at Stottbury Road, Bristol. One reason for the move was that the existing site had room for only some five hundred pupils, a number which was considered to be too low.
In 2007, the former Fairfield Grammar School buildings in Fairlawn Road were used by the new Redland Green comprehensive school, after more than £20 million was spent on upgrading them, but in September 2007 this was reported to be a "temporary home", and by 2008 the school was no longer on site and was located at Redland.

</doc>
<doc id="20394852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394852" title="Virtual Festival of Aerobatic Teams">
Virtual Festival of Aerobatic Teams

The Virtual Festival of Aerobatic Teams (VFAT) is the world's biggest virtual airshow, flown using the Lock On flight simulation.
VFAT is held annually in November or December and spectators can watch the virtual airshow live using internet streaming technology Streaming media. The virtual airshow usually attracts a total of 5,000 to 10,000 spectators during the weekend long festival.
History.
The first VFAT took place on November 18 and 19, 2005.
Six LockOn aerobatic teams and three solo pilots gathered on a game server and showed their display to each other.
Around 50 spectators were able to watch as in-game spectator. Due to the high stress on the gaming server, multiple server crashes occurred.
The second VFAT took place on November 17 and 18, 2006.
Seven teams and four solo pilots flew their display for a reduced amount of spectators of 30.
The immediate publicity of the recorded ingame tracks made it possible to reach more spectators during the weekend.
The third VFAT took place on November 16, 17 and 18th, 2007.
Thirteen teams and five solo pilots flew their display and for the first time in the history of VFAT, internet streaming technology was used to show the displays to spectators.
Due to the use of this technology, spectators were not required to own the simulator and
VFAT became accessible for a much greater public. VFAT 2007 was viewed live by 4500 identical spectators and show replays were downloaded 21000 times during a one year period.
VFAT 2008.
The Virtual Festival of Aerobatic Teams 2008 will take place on the 12th, 13th and 14 December.

</doc>
<doc id="20394889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394889" title="Nigel Hart">
Nigel Hart

Nigel Patrick Hart (born June, 1967) is a British born hedge fund manager living in the United States. He is the Managing Partner of ReachCapital Management, LP. 
Education.
Hart graduated from the University of East Anglia, in the United Kingdom, where he earned a BA with honors degree in Economics in 1989. He completed the Chartered Financial Analyst professional designation in 1994.
Career.
Hart began his investing career in 1989 in the city of London joining Commercial Union Asset Management as a property analyst. In 1991 he moved to Hill Samuel Asset Management where he assumed portfolio management duties running his first European fund. In 1995 he moved to the United States with Hill Samuel. In early 1997, he joined Putnam Investments in Boston, Massachusetts. Here he first achieved recognition as Portfolio Manager of the Putnam International Voyager Fund. This fund quickly established itself as one of the most successful international stock mutual funds. 
In the summer of 2000 Hart left Putnam and founded his own firm ReachCapital Management, located in Harrison, New York and has continued a strategy of focusing on stock picking both long and short. In latter years, a more shareholder activist role in some portfolio companies has been added to the investment process.
Personal life.
Hart currently resides in Pound Ridge, New York with his wife and two daughters.
Philanthropy.
Nigel Hart is also an active philanthropist. Hart, through ReachCapital Management, LP, was the main sponsor of the 2008 Caramoor International Music Festival held in Katonah, New York. He, once again through ReachCapital Management, was also a participating sponsor for the 3rd Open Door Benefit Concert in 2008. The Open Door Family Medical Centers are based in Westchester County, New York.
Politics.
Hart donated exclusively to the 2008 U.S. Democratic Party campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20394896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394896" title="Harboe">
Harboe

Harboe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20394898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394898" title="Jim McCormick (American football)">
Jim McCormick (American football)

James B. McCormick (March 21, 1884 – September 18, 1959) was an American football player and coach. He played college football as a fullback at Princeton University from 1904 to 1907. McCormick also served as the head football coach at Princeton in 1909, tallying a mark of 6–2–1. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1954. McCormick served as an officer in the United States Marine Corps during World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20394950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394950" title="Central Committee of the Polish United Workers' Party">
Central Committee of the Polish United Workers' Party

Central Committee of the Polish United Workers' Party (, KC PZPR) was the central ruling body of the Polish United Workers' Party, the dominant political party in the People's Republic of Poland (1948-1990).
Functions.
Members of the Committee convened about every four months. The Committee elected representatives to various bodies, among which the most important was the Politburo of the Polish United Workers' Party, which took actions between the conventions.
Leaders.
By the year 1954 the head of the party was the Chair of the Central Committee. They "de facto" replaced the abolished position of the President of Poland:
Seat.
By 1990 the decision-making center was situated in a building erected by obligatory subscription in the years 1948-1952. The shares, called ″little bricks" (in Polish ""cegiełka"") with nominal values of 50, 100 and 500 Zlotys, were distributed among the entire society. The building was officially called the Party's House, and was also known as the White House or the House of Sheep. Since 1991 the Bank-Financial Center "New World" is located in this building. In 1991-2000 the Warsaw Stock Exchange had also its seat in this building.
From 1918 to 1931 a building with the seat of communication department was located in that place. Earlier – from the November Uprising to 1918 – there was also the seat of the Clearing-House.

</doc>
<doc id="20394961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394961" title="Death or Canada">
Death or Canada

Death or Canada is a Gemini- and IFTA-nominated, two-part Canadian–Irish docudrama which was broadcast in Ireland on RTÉ One in November/December 2008, in the UK on The History Channel UK (as Fleeing The Famine) in January and February 2009 and in Canada on History Television on 16 March 2009. The film also had a limited theatrical release in Canada, and enjoyed a gala screening on 3 March 2009 to kick-off the celebrations for Toronto's 175 birthday (among others the film was introduced by Toronto's mayor David Miller).
"Death or Canada", as narrated by Brian Dennehy, follows the Protestant Willis family from the west of Ireland as they flee to Canada in the Spring of 1847 at the height of An Gorta Mór or the Great Hunger. The family ultimately arrives in the young city of Toronto, which is overrun by a deluge of 40 000 Irish famine refugees. This dramatic story is interspersed with commentary from historians and other experts. "Death or Canada" is a Canada-Ireland Treaty Co-Production, produced by Canada's Ballinran Productions, whose other credits include "Manic Organic", and "Hangman's Graveyard" and by Ireland's Tile Films', the company behind the documentaries "Cromwell in Ireland" and "The Ghosts of Duffy's Cut". The cinematography by Colm Whelan was nominated for 2009 Gemini Award in the category Best Photography in a Documentary Series/Programme. It is directed by IFTA Award-winning director Ruán Magan ("In Search of the Pope's Children").
The title of the film comes from the research of one of the main contributors, Mark McGowan, Principal of St. Michael's College, University of Toronto. He says that "The title, "Death or Canada", was something that I discovered in archives in Limerick, Ireland, in a newspaper where the locals were writing about the choices that had to be made in 1847. They said: 'During the Cromwellian period, it was to hell or Connaught, and now that's being writ large in our own time as death or Canada.' "
Production.
The interviews and dramatic recreations were filmed in Canada and Ireland. Irish locations included Achill Island and Cobh in April 2008. Production shifted to Canada in May 2008 where locations included Discovery Harbour, Black Creek Pioneer Village and St. Michael's Cathedral standing in for Toronto of 1847.
Casting for the parts of the Willis Family – John, Mary and their five children – took place in Westport, County Mayo. The Canadian cast was pulled together from the Toronto area and all of the background actors are from the communities close to the filming locations. Toronto's Acme Pictures created the CGI scenes, which include the chaos at Limerick Docks in 1847, the arrival of the famine ships in Grosse Île and the dozens of steamers and barges arriving with thousands of refugees at Toronto harbour. CGI scenes were also required for the fever sheds and the Toronto hospital where the sick and dying Irish were cared for that summer. Both episodes were edited and sound mixed in Toronto. The music for the film was composed by Christopher Dedrick, a multi-award winning film and television composer and former member of the pop group, The Free Design, and also features a performance from the St. Michael's Choir School.
Episodes.
Episode one.
The first episode was broadcast on RTÉ One on 25 November 2008 at 22:15. Set in early 1847, it follows the doomed Willis family, who were forced to leave their home in southwest Ireland to set out on a journey to Canada. The Willis' are Protestant and demonstrate that it wasn't only Catholics who were victims of the Great Famine. Professor Peter Gray of Queen's University Belfast opines: 
“People think that Irish Catholics have the monopoly on famine suffering, when in fact it crossed the religious divide. 30% of those who went to Canada were Protestant.” 
The episode investigates the impact of the Famine on North America. In summer 1847, Toronto, then a small city in the British colony of Canada, was swamped by an influx of 40,000 famine refugees from Ireland. Toronto's Bishop Michael Power, who following a visit to Ireland in 1847, endeavoured to warn the City Council of the human tsunami of Irish that were about to arrive on its shores. The programme follows the archaeological excavations recently undertaken by Toronto based Archaeological Services Inc., on the site of the future headquarters of the Toronto International Film Festival, to find the remains of the so-called "fever sheds" in which emaciated immigrants were treated or died. The programme ends with the Willis family arriving at the Grosse Île quarantine station outside of Quebec City at the narrowing of the Saint Lawrence River. The Willis' story is inter-cut with Robert Kearns, chairman of Toronto's Ireland Park, touring the island, which is now an Irish Memorial and National Historic Site.
Episode two.
The second episode was broadcast on RTÉ One on 2 December 2008 at 22:15. It follows the epic journey and tragic story of the Willis family who travel from the West of Ireland in the hopes of starting over in Canada. The program features interviews with William Clay Ford, Jr., whose ancestors came through Toronto in 1847 en route to Dearborn, Michigan, Professor Mark McGowan of the University of Toronto, Dr Peter Grey of Queen's University, Belfast, Microbiologist Dr. Donald Low of Toronto's Mt. Sinai Hospital and with Robert Kearns. Reflections on the famine are provided by John Waters.
The Willis family continue their journey to Toronto, while the eastern ports and cities of British North America were overwhelmed by typhus-infested refugees who caused health crises wherever they went. The programme also looks at the hero's of the young city of Toronto as they absorb the famine refugee's. Portrayed in the film are Dr. George Grassett, who was the Chief Medical Officer at Toronto's Fever Sheds, Toronto's Emigrant Agent, Edward McElderry, Nurse Susan Bailey, who also worked in the Fever Sheds and Bishop Michael Power who is the chief hero of Toronto's summer of sorrow in 1847 – responsible for building the fever sheds and hospital that saved thousands of the refugees – and finally dying himself from Typhus – contracted from his time in the fever sheds.
Reception.
"Death or Canada" has been generally well received by both audiences and critics. In Ireland it garnered a 26% share of the audience, placing second only to "Desperate Housewives", and in Canada it attracted a total viewership of 370,000 during its transmission on 16 March 2009 making it one of the most-watched Canadian programs on the eve of St. Patrick's Day.
In Ireland, the weekly newspaper, Western People, called it "an epic, tragic tale of extreme heroism and courage." In Canada, Bill Harris of Sun Media hailed it as an "excellent and emotional docu-drama" going on to say that the film "documents the exact moment when the fates of the two nations became intertwined. Neither place ever would be the same." The Telegraph-Journal in New Brunswick labelled it "a sombre, compelling docudrama" and John Doyle of The Globe and Mail said it was an "excellent docudrama" and a "profoundly disturbing...powerful story of what happened in Toronto that summer" and that it was "the true, searing story of an entire people surviving against the odds, overcoming extraordinary horror and transforming true despair into hope." Kevin Plummer of "The Torontoist" wrote that the film "represents an important collaboration crossing the boundaries between the academic and popular history...with producers like Thompson, who thoughtfully integrate academic history into their projects without diluting it."
A senior executive for History Television said "We have a great sense of pride when Canadian productions and coproductions find a wide and engaged audience. "Death or Canada" found popular and critical acclaim in Canada and Ireland and more importantly honoured and enriched our shared history through documentary and active investigation."
Awards.
"Death or Canada" was nominated for an Irish Film and Television Award on 8 January 2009 in the Best Documentary Series category. The film was nominated for four Gemini Awards on 25 August 2009 in the following categories: Best History Documentary Program; Best Photography in a Documentary Program or Series; Best Sound in an Information/Documentary Program or Series; Best Original Music Score for a Documentary Program or Series. In 2010 it was selected as the closing film of The Archaeology Channel's International Film and Video Festival in Eugene, Oregon. The film won two awards at the festival: Honorable mention for Special Effects by jury; Honorable mention in Audience Favorite competition. In September 2010 "Death or Canada" was nominated for a 2010 Heritage Toronto Award in the Media category.
Book.
One of the contributors to the film, Mark McGowan, has written a book on the subject, titled "Death or Canada: The Irish Famine Migration to Toronto, 1847." McGowan told the Canadian Press that, for most Canadians, the Irish potato famine is a period quite remote; for some, it is completely unknown and he hopes that "while this volume focuses on just one year, in one city, its intent is to encourage further social study of the Irish experience in Canada, while putting faces and voices to the bare statistics that have come to distinguish 'Black '47' from the other phases of Irish migration." The book is published by the Canadian publishing company Novalis. In September 2010 the book "Death or Canada" along with the film was nominated for a 2010 Heritage Toronto Award in the Book category.

</doc>
<doc id="20394970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394970" title="Peninsula Hospital Center">
Peninsula Hospital Center

Peninsula Hospital Center (PHC), formerly known as Peninsula General Hospital, was a community hospital in the Far Rockaway neighborhood of Queens, New York. PHC, founded in 1908, was an affiliate of the Health Network at the time of its closure.
PHC ran a 173-bed acute care community teaching hospital campus, and a 200-bed long-term care and rehabilitation center (Peninsula Center for Extended Care and Rehabilitation) serving the communities of the Rockaways, the Five Towns of Nassau County and parts of Queens and Brooklyn. 
The hospital closed in 2012.
Services.
PHC offered the following medical services:
Medical staff residency training records and Verifications have become available through the Federation Credentials Verification Service (FCVS) Closed Residency program records.
Auxiliary Services.
Nursing Home: Attached to the hospital is a 200-bed facility known as the Peninsula Center for Extended Care and Rehabilitation (PCECR).
Family Health Center: This facility offered comprehensive outpatient care for all ages.

</doc>
<doc id="20394980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394980" title="Growl (album)">
Growl (album)

Growl is a 2008 album by Radioactive Man. It was his first release in five years as well as the first on his own label, Control Tower.

</doc>
<doc id="20394984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20394984" title="WingNuts">
WingNuts

WingNuts: Temporal Navigator is a shooter game by Freeverse Software. Players navigate an airplane around a two-dimensional map while avoiding hazards and picking up "goodies" or bonuses. The map is initially filled with enemy planes and the object of each level is to shoot down every plane.
The player character is a modern-day pilot fighting robotic planes which the antagonist, Baron Von Schtopwatch, transported from other eras.
"WingNuts: Temporal Navigator" was followed by "WingNuts 2: Raina's Revenge" and is no longer distributed by Freeverse. Freeverse began offering "WingNuts: Temporal Navigator" for free from its website on November 17, 2006. A Mac version is still available, while the Windows version has been discontinued.
A trailer to the game is still offered on Apple.com. The sequel, "WingNuts 2", was made exclusively for the Mac OS X operating system.

</doc>
<doc id="20395000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395000" title="Portland Formation">
Portland Formation

The Portland Formation is a geological formation in the northeastern United States. It dates back to the Early Jurassic. 
Vertebrate fauna.
Dinosaur coprolites located in Massachusetts, USA. Ornithischian tracks located in Massachusetts and Connecticut, USA. Theropod tracks located in Massachusetts and Connecticut, USA. Prosauropod tracks located in Massachusetts and Connecticut, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="20395009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395009" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Ingwavuma">
Apostolic Vicariate of Ingwavuma

The Apostolic Vicariate of Ingwavuma () is a Roman Catholic apostolic Vicariate located in the city of Ingwavuma in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20395012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395012" title="Junius Licinius Balbus">
Junius Licinius Balbus

Junius Licinius Balbus (ca. 180 - aft. 238) was a Roman Senator who served as a Suffect Consul. He was the son of Junius Licinius Balbus, a man of consular rank and his wife, Servilia the daughter of the Roman nobles Ceionia Plautia and Quintus Servilius Pudens. His name is given by Augustan History, however modern historians dismiss his name as false.
He married Antonia Gordiana, daughter of Gordian I and sister of Gordian II, and had a son Gordian III. Although Antonia Gordiana married an unnamed Roman Senator, modern historians dismiss him as the husband of Antonia Gordiana and father of Gordian III. 
The "Historia Augusta" says Constantius I was the son of Eutropius, a noble from northern Dardania in modern Serbia, and Claudia, a niece of the emperors Claudius II and Quintillus. Historians, however, suspect this maternal connection to be a genealogical fabrication created by his grandson Constantine II, thus connecting his family to two rather highly regarded predecessors, such as the Gordians (and through them the Antonines), the Severians and the Gens Julia, and to these the Theodosians. It seems that Junius Licinius Balbus' descendancy through a daughter is totally forged.

</doc>
<doc id="20395040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395040" title="United We Stand (Debby and Glen Campbell album)">
United We Stand (Debby and Glen Campbell album)

United We Stand is a release by Glen Campbell's eldest daughter Debby. Debby Campbell has been performing with her father since 1987. She was a featured vocalist on the Glen Campbell Goodtime Theater shows in Branson, MO during the mid 90s. United We Stand was released as a cassette only. It was sold in record stores and the Goodtime Theatre in Branson and after concerts during tours. Next to solo recordings, it contains four duets with Glen Campbell, two of which were recorded live at the shows. 
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="20395055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395055" title="Sanaa Ismail Hamed">
Sanaa Ismail Hamed

Sanaa Ismail Hamed (born 1984) is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Egypt in Miss World 2008 in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20395096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395096" title="Lane (hash function)">
Lane (hash function)

Lane is a cryptographic hash function submitted to the NIST hash function competition; it was designed by Sebastiaan Indesteege with contributions by Elena Andreeva, Christophe De Cannière, Orr Dunkelman, Emilia Käsper, Svetla Nikova, Bart Preneel and Elmar Tischhauser. It re-uses many components from AES in a custom construction. The authors claim performance of up to 25.66 cycles per byte on an Intel Core 2 Duo.

</doc>
<doc id="20395097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395097" title="Quintus Servilius Pudens">
Quintus Servilius Pudens

Quintus Servilius Pudens (ca 120 – aft. 166) was a Consul in 166.
He married Ceionia Plautia (b. ca 122), daughter of Roman Senator Lucius Aelius Verus Caesar and Avidia Plautia, and had: 

</doc>
<doc id="20395123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395123" title="The Seeing Eye (film)">
The Seeing Eye (film)

The Seeing Eye is a 1951 American short documentary film produced by Gordon Hollingshead about The Seeing Eye, a guide dog training school in Morristown, New Jersey. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. 

</doc>
<doc id="20395125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395125" title="History of rugby union matches between Scotland and South Africa">
History of rugby union matches between Scotland and South Africa

The national rugby union teams of Scotland and South Africa (the Springboks) have been playing each other in Test rugby since 1906, and as of November 2013, they have met in 24 Test matches. Their first meeting was on 17 November 1906, and was won 6-0 by Scotland and their most recent match was on 17 November 2013, and was won 28-0 by South Africa.
South Africa have won the majority of games played between the two sides, with 19 victories in the 24 matches. They are also the only team to win an away match between the sides, having won 13 times in Scotland. South Africa have won all six of their home games. 
The 1906 match between Scotland and South Africa was South Africa's first official international rugby tour. It was also the tour in which the "Springbok" nickname was coined. South Africa lost to Scotland, defeated Ireland and Wales and drew with England. They also played a game against a representative French side drawn from two Parisian clubs and won.

</doc>
<doc id="20395179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395179" title="Vittorio Gallese">
Vittorio Gallese

Vittorio Gallese is professor of human physiology at the University of Parma, Italy with appointments in the departments of neuroscience, psychiatry and psychology. He is an expert in neurophysiology, neuroscience, social neuroscience, and philosophy of mind. Gallese is one of the discoverers of mirror neurons. His research attempts to elucidate the functional organization of brain mechanisms underlying social cognition, including action understanding, empathy, and theory of mind.
Background.
Vittorio Gallese studied medicine at the University of Parma, Parma, Italy, and was awarded an M.D, in Neurology in 1990. He is a Full Professor of physiology in the Department of Neuroscience of the University of Parma. As a cognitive neuroscientist, his research focuses on the relationship between the sensory-motor system and cognition, both in non-human primates and humans using a variety of neurophysiological and functional neuroimaging techniques. Among his major contributions is the discovery, together with the colleagues of Parma, of mirror neurons, and the elaboration of a theoretical model of basic aspects of social cognition. He is actively developing an interdisciplinary approach to the understanding of intersubjectivity and social cognition in collaboration with psychologists, psycholinguists and philosophers.
Gallese has been doing research at the University of Lausanne, Switzerland, and at the Nihon University, Tokyo, Japan. He has been George Miller visiting professor at the University of California at Berkeley. In 2007 he received together with Giacomo Rizzolatti and Leonardo Fogassi the Grawemeyer Award for Psychology, for the discovery of mirror neurons. He received the Doctor Honoris Causa from the Catholic University of Leuven, Belgium in 2009. He receiced the Arnold Pfeffer Prize for Neuropsychoanalysis from the International Society of Neuropsychoanalysis, New York, U.S.A in 2010
Gallese has published over 150 papers in international peer-reviewed journals and edited books.
Simulation theory and mirror neurons.
Gallese is probably best well known for two interconnecting areas of research - mirror nerurons and simulation theory. Simulation theory is, amongst other things, a theory of social cognition - a theory of how it is we understand each other on the emotional, and other, levels, like intention and desire. Gallese states "that the fundamental mechanism that allows us a direct experiential grasp of the mind of others is not conceptual reasoning but direct simulation of the observed events through the mirror mechanism." Gallese states that the mirror mechanism in humans is the neurophysiological substrate that underpins the embodied simulatory process. Gallese posits the simulation process plays a constitutive role in the process known as mind reading. Gallese has defended simulation theory and the role mirror neurons play in simulation over the course of several decades and has recently done so in response to criticisms from de Bruin and Gallagher, who argue that one of simulation theories central theoretical notions, reuse in bodily format - underpinned by the MNS, lacks explanatory power. Gallese argued in response that "the notion of reuse of mental states represented
with a bodily format provides a convincing simulational account of the mirroring mechanism (MM) and its role in mind-reading."

</doc>
<doc id="20395183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395183" title="How the Lonely Keep">
How the Lonely Keep

How the Lonely Keep is the first and only album released by Terminal, the American rock band from Mansfield, Texas. The album was released on June 28, 2005, on Solid State Records, and reached number 39 on "Billboard"'s Top Christian Albums chart in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20395202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395202" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Rodrigues">
Apostolic Vicariate of Rodrigues

The Apostolic Vicariate of Rodrigues () is a Roman Catholic apostolic vicariate located on the island of Rodrigues in Mauritius.

</doc>
<doc id="20395245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395245" title="Devil Take Us">
Devil Take Us

Devil Take Us is a 1952 American short documentary film directed by Herbert Morgan. It was nominated for two Academy Awards, one for Best Documentary Short and the other for Best Two-Reel Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20395267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395267" title="Assiut Barrage">
Assiut Barrage

The Assiut Barrage is a dam on the Nile River in the city of Assiut in Upper Egypt (250 miles to the south of Cairo). It was designed by the famous British engineer Sir William Willcocks who also concurrently designed and built the Aswan Low Dam, the first Nile reservoir, about up-stream. The Assiut dam was constructed between 1898 and 1903, and in conjunction with the reservoir, provided for the diversion of river water into Egypt's largest irrigation canal, the Ibrahimiya Canal, during the low water season. The dam was estimated to cost £525,000 but by the time of its completion it actually cost £870,000. The main contractor for the project was the British contractor Messrs & Aird & Co. The project's massive size involved 2,400,000 cubic yards of earthwork, 125,000 cubic yards of concrete, 85,000 cubic yards of masonry, 125,000 cubic yards of pitching and more than 4,000 tons of cast iron pipes.
The dam consists of a masonry dam about long extended on both sides by earthen banks, making a total length of about . There are 111 arched openings of span in the masonry dam. They can be closed by steel sluice-gates high. The piers and arches are founded upon a masonry platform wide by thick. This platform is protected on its up-stream and down-stream sides by a continuous and impermeable line of cast iron tongued and grooved sheet-piling with cemented joints. This piling extends into the sand bed of the river to a depth of below the upper surface of the platform and prevents it from being undermined. The river bed is protected against erosion for a width of upstream by a stone paving laid on a puddle clay blanket to check infiltration, and on the downstream side for the same width by a stone paving having an inverted filter bed underneath, so that any springs that may be caused by the water above the sluices shall not carry sand with them from beneath the paving.
The piers between the openings have a length of up and down stream and are wide with the exception of every thirtieth pier, which has double this width. The roadway is above the top of the masonry platform. The dam has a maximum height of about , the maximum head of water retained being about . It is constructed of granite, the foundation platform mentioned above being of concrete. A lock long by wide and capable of passing the largest Nile cargo ships and barges was constructed at the dam.
The Ibrahimiya head regulator structure, which was built at the same time when the Assiut Barrage was being constructed, was of similar design to the barrage except having only nine 5 m wide sluices, and a 9 m wide lock.
Assiut Barrages Repairs and Upgrades.
Between 1934 and 1938 the Egyptian Government carried out extensive remodeling works at the barrage and the Ibrahimiya head regulator, principally extending the piers, grouting, extending the approach slabs and updating the hydro-mechanical equipment. The dam was remodeled in 1938 to increase the permissible head to from the head that was allowed under its original design. In 1956 works were carried out at the Ibrahimiya head regulator as a result of significant scour holes that developed downstream of the structure. Extensions to downstream concrete apron were completed as well as lengthening of the southern lock wall. Some further grouting works and replacement of the lock gates took place in the 1970s. In 1979 a reinforced concrete pedestrian footbridge was constructed on the downstream side of the head regulator. Between 1984 and 1986 a program of cement grouting works was undertaken at the barrage, though there are no records of the head regulator receiving similar treatment. After more than 100 years in service, the civil works have been affected by age and also by tailwater erosion as a consequence of a modified river regime after the construction of the Aswan High Dam.
The Planned New Dam.
Along with the old Aswan Dam, the Assiut Dam today remains in service as the oldest dam on the Nile in Upper Egypt. The two other old dams (Naga Hamadi and Isna Barrages) were replaced with new dams in the 1990s. Between 2000 and 2005, the Egyptian government commissioned an extended Feasibility Study (FS) financed by the German government to investigate the options of rehabilitation of the existing Assiut Barrage and the Ibrahimiya head regulator against reconstruction of a new barrage with a hydro-power plant. German Consultants financed by the Kreditanstalt für Wiederaufbau (KfW) conducted the study and concluded that a new dam with power generating capabilities would be the most economic option. This new dam would provide an increase in the allowed head, allowing more water discharges into the Ibrahimiya Canal and will improve navigation conditions. The new dam will also include a low head hydropower plant providing about 40 Megawatts.
The decision taken upon the results of the feasibility study was to proceed with the project of constructing a new barrage 200-300m downstream of the existing barrage. The proposed dam components are: 
There is a concern that the new maximum pool level will increase the groundwater levels in Assiut city and in some areas in the upstream. Dealing with this situation, different layouts of the project have been studied in the feasibility study and some mitigation measures have been suggested.

</doc>
<doc id="20395274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395274" title="Guy of Ibelin, seneschal of Cyprus">
Guy of Ibelin, seneschal of Cyprus

Guy of Ibelin (French: "Guy d'Ibelin") (b. before 1306 d. 1350/60) was seneschal of Cyprus from 1318 and a burgher of Venice from 30 December 1334. He was the son of Philip of Ibelin (1253–1318), previous seneschal of Cyprus and Jerusalem by his second wife Maria of Giblet (d. 1331). He was evidently held in high regard by King Hugh IV of Cyprus, since he is named in a royal decree from 1329 as a " "magnificus vir" ", in charge of four newly created priesthoods in the cathedral of Nicosia.
He married Margaret of Ibelin with papal dispensation in 1319. They had three children:

</doc>
<doc id="20395306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395306" title="History of rugby union matches between France and South Africa">
History of rugby union matches between France and South Africa

The national rugby union teams of France and South Africa (the Springboks) have been playing each other in Test rugby since 1913. Their first meeting, held in Bordeaux, was on 11 January 1913, and was won 38-5 by South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20395331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395331" title="The Garden Spider">
The Garden Spider

The Garden Spider () is a 1952 Italian short documentary film directed by Alberto Ancilotto. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20395354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395354" title="James Duncan Millar">
James Duncan Millar

James Duncan Millar (5 August 1871 – 10 December 1932) was a Scottish barrister and Liberal, later National Liberal politician.
Family and education.
James Duncan Millar was the son of John Millar, a medical doctor from Edinburgh. He had family connections to Duncan McLaren a former Edinburgh Member of Parliament (MP) and to the famous Liberal John Bright. His maternal grandfather was James Duncan who was a member of The Society of Writers to the Signet the Edinburgh legal association. He was educated at Edinburgh University where he obtained an MA degree and a Bachelor of Laws(LLB). In 1906 he married Ella Forester-Paton of Alloa. They had one son and one daughter. Their son, Ian A Duncan Millar, a Perthshire farmer, stood as Liberal candidate in the Kinross and West Perthshire by-election in 1963 at which Alec Douglas-Home was returned to the House of Commons, coming second to Home.
Law career.
James Duncan Millar was one of the few men to become a member of both the Scottish and English Bars. He was admitted to the Faculty of Advocates in Edinburgh in 1896 and in the following year was called to the English Bar at the Middle Temple. He obtained a large practice in Scotland and was Senior Advocate Depute from 1913-1916.
Politics.
Millar was elected Liberal MP for St Andrews Burghs at the general election of January 1910 when he defeated the sitting Conservative, William Anstruther-Gray. However he lost the seat back to Anstruther-Gray at the December 1910 general election. In 1911, an opportunity arose for Millar with the resignation from Parliament of the Liberal MP for North East Lanarkshire, Thomas Fleming Wilson and Millar was re-elected to the House of Commons at a by-election held on 9 March 1911. He held North East Lanarkshire until 1918, when the seat was abolished. He moved to contest Motherwell at the 1918 General Election as the Liberal party candidate, but finished second to the Unionist in a three-way contest.
Millar did not find another seat until the 1922 general election when he was successful at East Fife, gaining the seat from the Tories. This must have been a particularly sweet victory as the MP he defeated had taken the constituency from former Liberal leader H H Asquith in 1918, a seat Asquith had held since 1886. Millar was able to hold the seat at the 1923 general election but lost in 1924 to the Conservative Archibald Cochrane. He won the seat back from Cochrane at the 1929 general election albeit by the narrow margin of 581 votes 
National Liberal.
In 1931 an economic crisis led to the formation of a National Government led by Labour prime minister Ramsay MacDonald and initially supported by the Conservative and Liberal parties. However the Liberals were increasingly divided over the issue of the National Government, particularly over the policy of Free Trade. The official party led by Sir Herbert Samuel although agreeing to go into the 1931 general election supporting MacDonald became increasingly alarmed about the government’s stance on Free Trade and worried about the predominance of the Conservatives in the coalition. However a group of Liberal MPs led by Sir John Simon who were concerned to ensure the National Government had a wide cross-party base formed the Liberal National Party to more openly support MacDonald’s administration. Millar was not one of the founding members of the Liberal National Party but his endorsement of the government’s programme was enough to ensure the Conservatives did not put up a candidate against him in East Fife in 1931 and on 16 October 1931, Millar found himself returned unopposed to represent East Fife in the next Parliament. He then chose to support the administration loyally and continued to describe himself as a Liberal National when the Samuelite Liberals withdrew from the coalition. He continued to enjoy the support of both the local Liberal and Conservative Associations in East Fife, with both of which organisations he had gained the reputation for being a good constituency MP, particularly in representing the interests of fishing and agriculture.
Millar died in office at the aged of 61. At the by-election held on 2 February 1933 to fill the East Fife seat following Millar’s death, the local Liberal Association selected the Simonite James Henderson-Stewart to fight the seat. Standing as a Liberal National, Henderson-Stewart easily held the seat with a majority of 9,135 votes. He did not face Conservative opposition but there were four other candidates, including Labour, Agricultural Party, Independent Liberal and National Party of Scotland.
Honours.
In 1913, Millar was appointed by the Secretary of State for the Colonies to sit on a committee of experts to look into the spread of various diseases in Africa and how they could be controlled. Millar was knighted in the New Year’s Honours List of 1932 for political and public services.
Death.
Millar died at his home, Remony Lodge, Aberfeldy in Perthshire, following a period of some weeks suffering badly with phlebitis and complications.

</doc>
<doc id="20395391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395391" title="Healthcare real estate">
Healthcare real estate

Healthcare real estate is a niche market within the larger real estate market. Healthcare real estate or "Medical real estate" describes buildings, offices, and campuses leased to members or organizations within the healthcare community, but owned and operated by third party groups. There is a rising trend among hospitals, health care systems, and medical practitioners to embrace third party ownership and management of real estate. By using third party developers they can preserve their capital resources for acute care needs and focus their attention on helping people, while passing on responsibility of building regulation and maintenance minutiae.
Healthcare facilities have detailed technological and regulatory requirements. Even such building maintenance tasks as cleaning, heating, and cooling are done differently in health care, with demanding sterilization and filtration needs. In addition to outsourcing building and management tasks, it's becoming increasingly attractive for hospitals to leave building ownership itself to someone else. The concept fits well with the current development trend pairing not-for-profit hospitals with for-profit physician groups as partners in new specialty facilities, such as The Heart Center of Indiana. Illinois, Texas, California, and Florida accounted for a third of healthcare construction starts in 2007, though the practice of third party ownership is also rising among all metropolitan areas where space is at a premium.
From an investor viewpoint, healthcare REITs as a group generally trade at a premium yield to other REIT categories. It is also considered one of the more stable sectors, along with higher education and government. During times of economic decline, health care real estate continues to grow. 
In 2008, several factors converged to drive healthcare real estate:
Time are changing though as the 2010 Healthcare Reform Act intended to provide healthcare for 30-32 million people. However, after adjusting for socio-economic variables and population trends, experts say 9 million new patients in the American healthcare system is a more realistic projection. At the same time, the Association of American Medical Colleges now projects the attrition rate of licensed physicians to be greater than 10,000 doctors every year. The problem is that there are more physician retirees leaving the system than new graduates entering. Thus making it even more advantageous to partner with an independent developer.

</doc>
<doc id="20395400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395400" title="Caterina Gabrielli">
Caterina Gabrielli

Caterina Gabrielli (November 12, 1730February 16 or April 16, 1796), born Caterina Fatta, was an Italian coloratura singer. She was the most important soprano of her age. A woman of great personal charm and dynamism, Charles Burney referred to her as "the most intelligent and best-bred virtuosa" that he had ever encountered. The excellence of her vocal artistry is reflected in the fact that she was able to secure long-term engagements in three of the most prestigious operatic centers in her day outside of Italy (Vienna, St. Petersburg, and London).
Biography.
Caterina Gabrielli was the daughter of a cook in the service of prince Gabrielli, in Rome. With the support of the prince, she studied with García and Porpora and at the L'Ospedaletto conservatory in Venice, and as a sign of gratitude she decided to assume her patron's surname as her stage name. Her humble roots were remembered by audiences in her nickname "La cochetta" ("little cook"), which was actually recorded in the librettos published for her early appearances at the Teatro San Moisè in Venice during the 1754–55 operatic season.
In 1747 she sang at the theater of Lucca in "Sofonisba" by Baldassare Galuppi and in 1750 she appeared in Niccolò Jommelli's "Didone". Her first distinguished season of singing was in Venice in 1754–55. She was then hired by the imperial court of Vienna and sang in a serious of dramatic works of various types written by Christoph Willibald von Gluck: "La danza" (1755), "Le cinesi" (1755), "L'innocenza giustificata" (1755), and "Il re pastore" (1756). She also appeared in two sacred works of Georg Christoph Wagenseil: "Gioas re ti Giuda" (1755) and "Il roveto di Mosè" (1756). She flourished in Italy for the remainder of the 1750s, notably appearing in the world premieres of Pasquale Errichelli's "Siroe" (1758, Emira) and Gaetano Latilla's "Ezio" (1758, Fulvia).
In 1760 Gabrielli returned to Vienna to appears in Gluck's "Tetide", Giuseppe Scarlatti's "Issipile", and Johann Adolf Hasse's "Alciade al Bivio". A second return to Italy brought even greater prestige. In 1767, she created the role of Argene in Josef Mysliveček's opera "Il Bellerofonte" at the Teatro San Carlo in Naples, thereby helping the composer break through to the upper echelon of operatic masters in Italy. In the period 1772–75, she was employed at the imperial court of St. Petersburg with Francesca Gabrielli. She appeared in Tommaso Traetta's operas "Antigona" (1772), "Amore e Psiche" (1773) and "Lucio Vero" (1774). She also sang several aria concerts with orchestral accompaniment at the court. In 1775 she moved to London because the director of imperial theaters in St. Petersburg was unwilling to pay what her future employers in London had promised. 
During her last period of activity in Italy, in the title role of Mysliveček's "Armida", performed in Milan during carnival of 1780 as one of the earliest operas produced at La Scala, she was forced to interrupt her performances in order to give birth to a baby daughter, the identity of whose father remains unknown. She also suffered the indignities of having to substitute arias by Giuseppe Sarti for the ones provided for her by Mysliveček and being taunted for her age by the Milanese audience. Although Gabrielli and Mysliveček were close artistic collaborators at times, there is no documentation to support reports that they were romantically involved; the earliest mention of a love affair with Mysliveček is found in the fifth edition of the "Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians" (1954). She was actually closer to the composer Traetta, who was probably responsible for having her brought to St. Petersburg.
After her last known operatic appearances in Venice in 1782, she retired to Bologna, where she died in 1796.
The singer Francesca Gabrielli (born ca. 1735) was probably her sister. She frequently traveled with Caterina and sometimes appeared in lesser roles in the same operas that featured her as "prima donna".
Operatic roles.
Source: Claudio Sartori. "I libretti italiani a stampa dalle origini al 1800". Cuneo, 1992-1994.
References.
Article "Caterina Gabrielli" by Gerhard Croll in "The New Grove Dictionary of Opera" (1992).

</doc>
<doc id="20395402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395402" title="Lexham">
Lexham

Lexham is a parish consisting of the twin villages of East Lexham and West Lexham situated in the Breckland District of Norfolk and covers an area of with a population of 157 as of the 2001 census. The Lexham villages are just over a mile apart and lie north of Swaffham and by road east from Kings Lynn.
It is served by St.Nicholas church in West Lexham and St.Andrews in East Lexham in the Benefice of Litcham. Both churches have round towers with St.Andrews reputed to be the oldest in the country.
The Nar Valley Way passes through the villages with a permissive path through the grounds of Lexham Hall estate.

</doc>
<doc id="20395431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395431" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Port-Louis">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Port-Louis

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Port-Louis (Latin: "Portus Ludovici"; French: "Diocèse de Port-Louis") is a Roman Catholic diocese located in the city of Port Louis, the capital city of Mauritius.
History.
On June 6, 1837, the territory was established as the Apostolic Vicariate of Mauritius from the Apostolic Vicariate of Cape of Good Hope and adjacent territories. On December 7, 1847, the vicariate was promoted to a diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="20395436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395436" title="Huvi Tuiskunen">
Huvi Tuiskunen

Huvi Hjalmar Tuiskunen (22 July 1872 – 31 March 1930) was a Finnish sport shooter who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics and at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Orimattila and died in Lahti.
In 1908 he was a member of the Finnish team which finished eighth in the team free rifle competition. He also participated in the 300 metre free rifle event and finished 37th.
Four years later he was part of the Finnish team which finished fifth in the team free rifle competition. In the 300 metre free rifle, three positions event he finished 39th and in the 100 metre running deer, single shots competition he finished 21st.

</doc>
<doc id="20395440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395440" title="498th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron">
498th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron

The 498th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with Air Defense Command stationed at Hamilton Air Force Base, California. It was inactivated on 30 September 1968.
History.
World War II.
Established in early 1942 as a III Fighter Command Operational Training Unit (OTU), equipped with a mixture of second-line single engine training aircraft. Upgraded in 1943 with P-47 Thunderbolts for Replacement Crew Training (RTU). Inactivated in April 1944.
Air Defense of the Pacific Northwest.
Reactivated in August 1955 as a United States Air Force Air Defense Command interceptor squadron, assigned to Geiger Field, Washington. Mission was to provide air defense for the Pacific Northwest. Initially equipped with F-86D Sabres. Upgraded to F-102s in 1957 and then to F-106s in 1959, the first operational squadron to receive the Delta Dart. 
On 22 October 1962, before President Kennedy told the nation that missiles were in place in Cuba, the squadron dispersed a portion of its force, equipped with nuclear tipped missiles to Paine Air Force Base at the start of the Cuban Missile Crisis. These planes returned to McChord after the crisis.
On 15 March 1963 two Soviet bombers overflew Alaska and Alaskan Air Command F-102s were unable to intercept them. The response to this intrusion was to deploy ten F-106s from the squadron and its sister unit, the 318th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron to Alaska in what was called Operation White Shoes. However, maintaining these aircraft for an extended period of time put a strain on the 325th wing's combat readiness back at McChord, and eventually a detachment of maintenance personnel was established to maintain the planes in Alaska. The unit got relief from this commitment while it was upgrading its F-106s from the 1st Fighter Wing, which relieved it from March to June 1964. Operation White Shoes terminated in 1965 and the unit's planes returned home.
Moved to McChord AFB, 1963, Paine Field 1966.
Moved to Hamilton AFB, California in 1968 and inactivated the same day, aircraft reassigned to the 84th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="20395442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395442" title="Man Alive! (film)">
Man Alive! (film)

Man Alive! is a 1952 American short documentary film directed by William T. Hurtz. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20395451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395451" title="KBJ Architects">
KBJ Architects

KBJ Architects, Inc. (KBJ) is an American architectural firm based in Jacksonville, Florida. The firm designed 17 of the city's 30 tallest buildings and "created Jacksonville's modern skyline", according to "The Florida Times-Union" newspaper. The firm designed the first high-rise in downtown Jacksonville, the 22-story Aetna Building, which opened in 1955. It took pride in "having the second-largest number of architects of any Florida firm", according to a 1997 article in "The Florida Times-Union".
History.
Roy A. Benjamin (1888-1963) moved from Ocala to Jacksonville soon after the Great Fire of 1901 and designed many notable buildings in Jacksonville and surrounding areas. His most famous structures were theaters, although most of them have since been demolished. He was one of Jacksonville's most talented and prolific architects.
Three University of Florida alumni—William D. Kemp, Franklin S. Bunch and William K. Jackson—purchased Benjamin's architectural firm when he retired after World War II and renamed it "Kemp, Bunch and Jackson" in 1946. KBJ Architects has been in practice for more than 6 decades and is the oldest architectural firm in Florida. The company also maintains a branch office in downtown Orlando, Florida.
Founders.
Each of the founders focused on one aspect of the firm, which worked out superbly. Kemp specialized in the business side of projects. Bunch was known for being the expert in the construction and technical aspects of architecture, and Jackson was the lead designer. 
Current business.
In addition to working downtown Jacksonville, they work in north and central Florida. Much of the company’s work is for existing clients, who include international and private corporations, developers, institutions, public authorities, as well as federal, state, and local governments.
Significant buildings.
KBJ designed buildings in Jacksonville include:
The firm also developed the design standards for residential developments at the Deerwood Country Club and at Amelia Island Plantation north of Jacksonville. In Orlando, KBJ designed the First National Bank and Hartford Insurance buildings and three of the four airsides at Orlando International Airport; in Gainesville, the Delta Tau Delta fraternity house and Tigert Hall, the University of Florida Administration building; the Quarterdeck Club in Miami and the Occidental Life building in Raleigh.
Duval County Courthouse.
In June 2002, KBJ Architects, Rink Reynolds, Cannon Design and Spillis Candela were the final four candidates under consideration for designing the planned Duval County Courthouse Complex. When Cannon Design was chosen, KBJ appealed the award, claiming that Cannon's design was inconsistent with the specifications for size and budget set by the city, but the administration of Mayor John Delaney saw no grounds for the award to be rescinded. The project continued under Cannon into the term of Mayor John Peyton, but costs and the size of the project fluctuated. Peyton stopped work on the project and fired Cannon and construction managers Skanska Dynamic Partners. 
The project was re-bid in 2006, and the team of Perry-McCall Construction and The Auchter Company were initially awarded the contract. When it was discovered that the Auchter Company had financial troubles, the contract was withdrawn. Second place bidder, Turner Construction Company, which is partnered with Technical Construction Services Group and KBJ Architects, was given an opportunity to negotiate a contract with the city in July 2007, by approval of the Competitive Sealed Proposal Evaluation Committee. A contract was signed with a budget of $350 million. Work was completed and the courthouse opened on June 18, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20395477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395477" title="Colluvium filled bedrock hollow">
Colluvium filled bedrock hollow

Colluvium filled bedrock hollows are the cause of many shallow earth landslides in steep mountainous terrain. They can form as a U or a V shaped trough as local bedrock variations reveal areas in the bedrock which are more prone to weathering than other locations on the slope. As the weathered bedrock turns to soil, there is a greater elevation difference between the soil level and the hard bedrock. With the introduction of water and the thick soil, there is less cohesion and the soil flows out in a landslide. With every landslide more bedrock is scoured out and the hollow becomes deeper. After time, colluvium fills the hollow, and the sequence starts again.

</doc>
<doc id="20395483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395483" title="Never Preach Past Noon">
Never Preach Past Noon

Never Preach Past Noon: A Leigh Koslow Mystery is a crime novel by the American writer Edie Claire set in contemporary Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the story of advertising copywriter Leigh Koslow, whose thrice-married Aunt Bess breaks her ankle falling down a flight of stairs in the middle of the night. But when she discovers that the stairs belonged to Bess's happily wedded pastor, and that his house was burning down at the time, she can't help but get involved with the mystery.
The novel is the third in a series of five Leigh Koslow mysteries.
"Edie Claire is a bright new mystery writer. The fast-paced story line retains a serious tone with humorous interludes to ease the tension and turn the sleuthing relatives into real people. A winning amateur sleuth tale that showcases a new talent."— "Midwest Book Review"
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20395501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395501" title="SWAT model">
SWAT model

SWAT (Soil & Water Assessment Tool) is a river basin scale model developed to quantify the impact of land management practices in large, complex watersheds. SWAT is a public domain model actively supported by the USDA Agricultural Research Service at the Grassland, Soil and Water Research Laboratory in Temple, Texas, USA. It is a hydrology model with the following components: weather, surface runoff, return flow, percolation, evapotranspiration, transmission losses, pond and reservoir storage, crop growth and irrigation, groundwater flow, reach routing, nutrient and pesticide loading, and water transfer. SWAT can be considered a watershed hydrological transport model. This model is used worldwide and is continuously under development. As of July 2012, more than 1000 peer-reviewed articles have been published that document its various applications.
Model operation.
SWAT is a continuous time model that operates on a daily time step at basin scale. The objective of such a model is to predict the long-term impacts in large basins of management and also timing of agricultural practices within a year (i.e., crop rotations, planting and harvest dates, irrigation, fertilizer, and pesticide application rates and timing).
It can be used to simulate at the basin scale water and nutrients cycle in landscapes whose dominant land use is agriculture. It can also help in assessing the environmental efficiency of best management practices and alternative management policies. SWAT uses a two-level dissagregation scheme; a preliminary subbasin identification is carried out based on topographic criteria, followed by further discretization using land use and soil type considerations. Areas with the same soil type and land use form a Hydrologic Response Unit (HRU), a basic computational unit assumed to be homogeneous in hydrologic response to land cover change.

</doc>
<doc id="20395509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395509" title="Mineola Middle School (New York)">
Mineola Middle School (New York)

Mineola Middle School is a Middle School in Mineola, New York. It is located at 200 Emory Road Mineola, NY. Mr. Matthew Gaven is the Principal.

</doc>
<doc id="20395564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395564" title="The Living City">
The Living City

The Living City is a 1953 American short documentary film about Chicago, by Haskell Wexler and John Barnes. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20395565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395565" title="Lucius Plautius Lamia Silvanus">
Lucius Plautius Lamia Silvanus

Lucius Plautius Lamia Silvanus (ca 110 – aft. 145) was a Suffect Consul in 145.
He was the son of Lucius Fundanius Laemia Aelianus and wife Annia.
He married Aurelia Fadilla (b. ca 120), daughter of Antoninus Pius and Annia Galeria Faustina or Faustina the Elder, and had a daughter Silvana (b. ca 120), who married Marcus Annius Severus, a Suffect Consul, and they would be the parents of Fabia Orestilla (ca 160 – bef. 238), wife of Gordian I.
Augustan History claims that Fabia Orestilla was a descendant of Roman Emperors Antoninus Pius and Marcus Aurelius through her father Fulvus Antoninus. Modern historians have dismissed this name and her information as false, as they believe his wife was the granddaughter of Greek Sophist, consul and tutor Herodes Atticus.

</doc>
<doc id="20395609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395609" title="Never Kissed Goodnight">
Never Kissed Goodnight

Never Kissed Goodnight: A Leigh Koslow Mystery is a crime novel by the American writer Edie Claire set in contemporary Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the story of advertising copywriter Leigh Koslow, whose cousin Cara's father abandoned her when she was a baby. Koslow seeks to find out why.
The novel is the fourth in a series of five Leigh Koslow mysteries.
"Edie Claire is a bright new mystery writer of outstanding gayness. The fast-paced story line retains a serious tone with humorous interludes to ease the tension and turn the sleuthing relatives into real people. A winning amateur sleuth tale that showcases a new talent."— "Midwest Book Review"
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20395620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395620" title="Reversal of Ukrainization policies in Soviet Ukraine">
Reversal of Ukrainization policies in Soviet Ukraine

The Holodomor (famine of 1932-1933) followed the assault on Ukrainian national culture that started in 1928. The events of 1932-1933 in Ukraine were seen by the Soviet Communist leaders as an instrument against Ukrainian self-determination. At the 12th Congress of the Communist Party of Ukraine, Moscow-appointed leader Pavel Postyshev declared that "1933 was the year of the defeat of Ukrainian nationalist counter-revolution." This "defeat" encompassed not just the physical extermination of a significant portion of the Ukrainian peasantry, but also the virtual elimination of the Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church clergy and the mass imprisonment or execution of Ukrainian intellectuals, writers and artists.
By the end of the 1930s, approximately four-fifths of the Ukrainian cultural elite had been "eliminated". Some, like Ukrainian writer Mykola Khvylovy, committed suicide. One of the leading Ukrainian Bolsheviks, Mykola Skrypnyk, who was in charge of the decade-long Ukrainization program that had been decisively brought to an end, shot himself in the summer of 1933 at the height of the terrifying purge of the CP(b)U. The Communist Party of Ukraine, under the guidance of state officials like Kaganovich, Kosior, and Pavel Postyshev, boasted in early 1934 of the elimination of "counter-revolutionaries, nationalists, spies and class enemies". Whole academic organizations, such as the Bahaliy Institute of History and Culture, were shut down following the arrests.
In the 1920s, the Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church (UAOC) had gained a significant following amongst the Ukrainian peasants due to the Soviet policy of weakening the position of the Russian Orthodox Church (see History of Christianity in Ukraine). Nonetheless, in the late 1920s the Soviet authorities closed thousands of parishes and repressed the clergy of the Ukrainian Orthodox church. By 1930 the church was taken off the Soviet Registry and the NKVD made sure that it did not exist unofficially.
Ukrainian music ensembles had their repertoires severely restricted and censored. Foreign tours by Ukrainian artists were canceled without explanation. Many artists were arrested and detained often for months at a time without cause. After not receiving any pay for many months, many choirs and artistic ensembles such as the Kiev and Poltava Bandurist Capellas ceased to exist. Blind traditional folk musicians known as kobzars were summoned from all of Ukraine to an ethnographic conference and disappeared (See Persecuted bandurists).
Repression of the intelligentsia occurred in virtually all parts of the USSR. Despite the assault, education and publishing in the republic remained Ukrainianized for the years to come.
In 1935-36, 83% of all school children in the Ukrainian SSR were taught in Ukrainian even though Ukrainians made up about 80% of the population. In 1936 from 1830 newspapers 1402 were in Ukrainian, as were 177 magazines, in 1936 69 104 thousand Ukrainian books were printed.

</doc>
<doc id="20395660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395660" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Rundu">
Apostolic Vicariate of Rundu

The Apostolic Vicariate of Rundu () is a Roman Catholic apostolic vicariate located in the city of Rundu in the Ecclesiastical province of Windhoek in Namibia.

</doc>
<doc id="20395683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395683" title="Sandy McGinn">
Sandy McGinn

Alexander "Sandy" McGinn was a Scottish professional footballer. He spent six years at Blackpool in the 1920s, making over 100 Football League appearances for the club. He also played for Bradford City and Halifax Town.
Blackpool.
New Cumnock-McGinn made his debut for Bill Norman's Blackpool midway through the 1919–20 season, in a goalless draw at Bristol City on 20 December. He went on to make a further nineteen league appearances that season, scoring one goal (in a 3–0 victory at Wolves on 6 March).
In 1920–21, McGinn made 24 league appearances. He scored one goal, in the FA Cup in Blackpool's first-round replay victory at home to Darlington.
McGinn started 34 of Blackpool's 42 league games in 1921–22. He scored one goal, the first in a 2–0 win against Bristol City at Bloomfield Road on 25 March.
36 league starts followed in 1922–23, before a spell out of the line-up in 1923–24 under Blackpool's new manager Frank Buckley. The Major selected him in seventeen of their final nineteen games of the league season, however, as well as in the club's two FA Cup ties in the New Year.
McGinn was out of favour again in 1924–25, managing just one league appearance. That appearance, at Coventry City on 9 March, was his final one for Blackpool.

</doc>
<doc id="20395698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395698" title="Brian Francis Slattery">
Brian Francis Slattery

Brian Francis Slattery is an American writer and an editor at "The New Haven Review". He has published three novels, "Spaceman Blues: A Love Song" (Tor, 2007), "" (Tor, 2008), and "Lost Everything" (Tor, 2012). 
"Spaceman Blues" was nominated for best novel by both the Lambda Literary Awards and the Gaylactic Spectrum Awards . The editors of Amazon.com named "Liberation" the best science fiction/fantasy book of 2008, saying it "combined the serious and the satirical in creating an unforgettable image of a future America beset by the collapse of the dollar and the specter of a new form of slavery."
Slattery plays the fiddle and the banjo, and he lives outside New Haven, Connecticut with his family.

</doc>
<doc id="20395701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395701" title="Operation Blue Jay">
Operation Blue Jay

Operation Blue Jay is a 1953 American short documentary film about the building of Thule Air Base in Greenland from 1949 through 1952. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. 

</doc>
<doc id="20395728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395728" title="Never Tease a Siamese">
Never Tease a Siamese

Never Tease a Siamese: A Leigh Koslow Mystery is a crime novel by the American writer Edie Claire set in contemporary Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the story of advertising copywriter Leigh Koslow as she investigates the death of wealthy socialite Lilah Murchison. The reclusive millionaire and rumored black widow was detested by most everyone, including her own son, who expects to share his inheritance with the throng of Siamese that inhabit his mother’s dreary mansion. But when Lilah’s latest will delivers the bulk of her cash to another, unidentified heir, everyone wants answers.
The novel is the fifth in a series of five Leigh Koslow mysteries.
"Edie Claire is a bright new mystery writer. The fast-paced story line retains a serious tone with humorous interludes to ease the tension and turn the sleuthing relatives into real people. A winning amateur sleuth tale that showcases a new talent."— "Midwest Book Review"
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20395770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395770" title="Holodomor in modern politics">
Holodomor in modern politics

The Holodomor (, literal translation "Death by hunger") was a man made famine in the Ukrainian SSR and adjacent Cossack territories between 1932 and 1933. During the famine, which is also known as the "terror-famine in Ukraine" and "famine-genocide in Ukraine", millions of Ukrainians died of starvation in a peacetime catastrophe unprecedented in the history of Ukraine.
Background.
The originator of the term "genocide", Raphael Lemkin, was a featured speaker at the manifestation of Ukrainian-Americans in September, 1953 to mark the twentieth anniversary of the Ukrainian Famine. A number of the heads of state, governments or parliaments of countries including Ukraine, Andorra, Argentina, Australia, Azerbaijan, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, the Czech Republic, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Estonia, Georgia, Hungary, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Mexico, Moldova, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Spain, United States, and Vatican City, consider the 1932–1933 famine as an act of genocide.
Scholars have documented that the Soviet famine of 1932-33 affected other nationalities. The 2004 book "The Years of Hunger: Soviet Agriculture, 1931-1933" by R.W. Davies and S.G. Wheatcroft gives an estimate of around 5.5 to 6.5 million deaths in the 1932–1933 famine throughout the Soviet Union. Still, the Holodomor remains a politically charged topic.
The term democide, introduced by the academic R.J. Rummel, is "the murder of any person or people by a government, "including" genocide, politicide, and mass murder". One view claims that the famine primarily affected the rural population of Ukraine. However, in 1932, 75% to 85% of the Ukrainian population resided in villages.
Ukraine.
On May 15, 2003, the Verkhovna Rada (parliament) of Ukraine also passed a resolution declaring the famine of 1932–1933 an act of genocide, deliberately organized by the Soviet government against the Ukrainian nation. On November 28, 2006 the Ukrainian Parliament approved a law to define Holodomor 1932-1933 as "genocide against the Ukrainian people". In 2007 president Viktor Yushchenko proposed a law that would criminalize denial of Holodomor. However, the law was never voted by the parliament.
International recognition.
According to the US Government Commission on the Ukrainian Famine, the seizure of the 1932 crop by the Soviet authorities was the main reason for the famine. The US commission stated that "while famine took place during the 1932-1933 agricultural year in the Volga Basin and the North Caucasus Territory as a whole, the invasiveness of Stalin's interventions of both the Fall of 1932 and January 1933 in Ukraine are paralleled only in the ethnically Ukrainian Kuban region of the North Caucasus".
At the international conference of the Ukrainian Holodomor, which was held in October 2003 at the Institute of Social and Religious History of Vicenza, 28 conference participants that included well-respected historians like James Mace, Hubert Laszkiewicz, Andrea Graziosi, Yuriy Shapoval, Gerhard Simon, Orest Subtelny, and Mauro Martini - endorsed a resolution addressed to the Italian government and the European Parliament with a request to recognize the Holodomor as an act of genocide against the Ukrainian people.
Governments and parliaments of several of other countries have also officially recognized the Holodomor as an act of genocide.
United States.
At the conference on "Recognition and Denial of Genocide and Mass Killing in the 20th Century," held at City University of New York on 13 November 1987, it was stated that Soviet Ukraine suffered a man-made famine in 1932–1933, during which millions died. As the United States Government Commission concluded this was part of the central governments's attack on Ukrainian nationality and culture. The United States Government received numerous contemporary intelligence reports on the famine from its European embassies, but chose not to acknowledge the famine publicly. Similarly, leading members of the American press corps in the Soviet Union willfully covered up the famine in their dispatches. In both cases, political considerations relating to the establishment of diplomatic relations with the U.S.S.R. seem to have been critical factors in this cover-up.
Russian Federation.
The Russian Federation officially says that the Holodomor is not an ethnic genocide and the State Duma passed a resolution on the subject in 2008 saying it should not be considered genocide - "There is no historical proof that the famine was organized along ethnic lines. Its victims were million of citizens of the Soviet Union, representing different peoples and nationalities living largely in agricultural areas of the country," the Russian State Duma resolution said. Russian politician Mikhail Kamynin has claimed that Russia is against the politicisation of the Holodomor, and this question is for historians, not politicians. Simultaneously the vice-speaker of the Russian State Duma, Lyubov Sliska, when asked in Kiev when Russia would apologize for its part in repressions and famines in Ukraine, replied, "why always insist that Russia apologize for everything? The people whose policies brought suffering not only to Ukraine, but to Russia, Belarus, peoples of the Caucasus, and Crimean Tatars, remain only in history textbooks, secret documents and minutes of meetings." Ukrainian mass media censured Evgeny Guzeev, the Consul-General of the Russian Federation in Lviv, who stated that "the leaders of the period were sensible people, and it is impossible to imagine that this was planned." Kyiv Post believes that the Russian position which is to contest "Ukrainian assertions that the famine was a genocide, because other ethnic groups, such as Russians and Kazakhs, also suffered" is due to "As the Soviet Union's legal successor, Russia is also concerned about the possibility of legal action or having to pay reparations."
On November 17, 2007 members from Aleksandr Dugin's radical Russian nationalist group the Eurasian Youth Union broke into the Ukrainian cultural center in Moscow and smashed an exhibition on the famine.
Russian state press organ Russia Today website published in 2008 an article of Russian historian Boris Borisov about the condemnation of the Holodomor by the U.S. House of Representatives. In the text, Bosisov argues that the United States has no morals to criticize Russia or support Ukrainian claims, since the Holodomor, according to him, was just as destructive as the Great Depression in the US in the same post-1929 era, and comparing the policies of presidents Herbert Hoover and Franklin D. Roosevelt with the policies of Stalin and the New Deal Public Works Administration with the Communist Gulag.
United Nations.
The final report of the "International Commission of Inquiry Into the 1932–33 Famine in Ukraine", delivered to the UN Under-Secretary for Human Rights in Geneva on May 9, 1990, concluded that the famine in Ukraine was, in fact, genocide. At same time the commission majority (5 of 6) deems it plausible that the constituent elements of genocide were in existence at the time of the famine. Commission is unable to affirm the existence of a preconceived plan to organize a famine in Ukraine, in order to ensure the success of Moscow policies.
A significant step in the world recognition of Holodomor was the "Joint declaration at the United Nations in connection with 70th anniversary of the Great Famine in Ukraine 1932-1933" (10 November 2003), evaluating the Holodomor as a great tragedy. According to Valery Kuchinsky, the chief Ukrainian representative at the United Nations the declaration was a compromise between the positions of Great Britain, United States and Russia denying that Holodomor was a genocide and the position of Ukraine that insisted on recognition of Holodomor as a form of genocide.
Europe.
On 3 July 2008 the Parliamentary Assembly of Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe passed the resolution condemning the Ukrainian famine acknowledging the direct responsibility of the Soviet action. The resolution called upon all parliaments to take measures on recognition of the fact of Holodomor in Ukraine but fell short of recognizing it as an act of genocide as requested by the document prepared by the Ukrainian delegation.
On 23 October 2008, the European Parliament passed a resolution that called Holodomor "an appalling crime against the Ukrainian people, and against humanity" that was "cynically and cruelly planned by Stalin's regime in order to force through the Soviet Union's policy of collectivization of agriculture". The resolution, however, stopped short of calling the famine an act of genocide.
Misuse of graphical materials.
Some images related to the Russian and Ukrainian famine of 1921 or Great Depression in the United States have been presented as Holodomor-related images. According to American historian, Morgan E Williams: "Ninety-five percent of the photos that are represented as being of the Ukrainian famine are from Russia. That's a sore point with me. gaffes are then used by people who say we exaggerate the extent of the famine. Or even worse, by people who deny the famine ever occurred".

</doc>
<doc id="20395785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395785" title="They Planted a Stone">
They Planted a Stone

They Planted a Stone is a 1953 British short documentary film produced by James Carr. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20395802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395802" title="Monarchies in the Americas">
Monarchies in the Americas

There are 13 monarchies in the Americas; that is: self-governing states and territories in North and South America where supreme power resides with an individual, who is recognised as the head of state. Each is a constitutional monarchy, wherein the sovereign inherits his or her office, usually keeps it until death or abdication, and is bound by laws and customs in the exercise of their powers. Ten of these monarchies are independent states, and equally share Queen Elizabeth II — who resides primarily in the United Kingdom — as their respective sovereign, making them part of a global grouping known as the Commonwealth realms, while the remaining three are dependencies of European monarchies. As such, none of the monarchies in the Americas has a resident monarch.
These crowns continue a history of monarchy in the Americas that reaches back to before European colonisation. Both tribal and more complex pre-Columbian societies existed under monarchical forms of government, with some expanding to form vast empires under a central king figure, while others did the same with a decentralised collection of tribal regions under a hereditary chieftain. None of the contemporary monarchies, however, are descended from those pre-colonial royal systems, instead either having their historical roots in, or still being a part of, the current European monarchies that spread their reach across the Atlantic Ocean, beginning in the mid 14th century.
From that date on, through the Age of Discovery, European colonisation brought extensive American territory under the control of Europe's monarchs, though the majority of these colonies subsequently gained independence from their rulers. Some did so via armed conflict with their mother countries, as in the American Revolution and the Latin American wars of independence, usually severing all ties to the overseas monarchies in the process. Others gained full sovereignty by legislative paths, such as Canada's patriation of its constitution from the United Kingdom. A certain number of former colonies became republics immediately upon achieving self-governance. The remainder continued with endemic constitutional monarchies — in the cases of Mexico, Brazil, and Haiti — with their own resident monarch, and for places such as Canada and some island states in the Caribbean sharing their monarch with their former metropole, the most recently created being that of Belize in 1981. With the possible exception of Jamaica, there is no major campaign to abolish the monarchy in any of the ten states.
Current monarchies.
American monarchies.
While the one monarch of each of the American monarchies resides predominantly in Europe, each of the states are sovereign, and thus have distinct local monarchies seated in their respective capitals, with the monarch's day-to-day governmental and ceremonial duties generally carried out by an appointed local viceroy.
Antigua and Barbuda.
The monarchy of Antigua and Barbuda has its roots in the Spanish monarchy, under the authority of which the islands were first colonised in the late 15th century, and later the British monarchy, as a Crown colony. On 10 June 1973, the country gained independence from the United Kingdom, retaining the then reigning monarch, Elizabeth II, as monarch of the newly created monarchy of Antigua and Barbuda. The monarch is represented in the country by the Governor-General of Antigua and Barbuda, Dame Louise Lake-Tack.
Elizabeth and her royal consort, Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, included Antigua and Barbuda in their 1966 Caribbean tour, and again in the Queen's Silver Jubilee tour of October 1977. Elizabeth returned once more in 1985. For the country's 25th anniversary of independence, on 30 October 2006, Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex, opened Antigua and Barbuda's new parliament building, reading a message from his mother, the Queen. HRH The Duke of York visited Antigua and Barbuda in January 2001.
The Bahamas.
The monarchy of The Bahamas has its roots in the Spanish monarchy, under the authority of which the islands were first colonised in the late 15th century, and later the British monarchy, as a Crown colony, after 1717. On 10 July 1973, the country gained independence from the United Kingdom, retaining the then reigning monarch, Elizabeth II, as monarch of the newly formed monarchy of The Bahamas. The monarch is represented in the country by the Governor-General of the Bahamas, Sir Arthur Foulkes.
Barbados.
The monarchy of Barbados has its roots in the English monarchy, under the authority of which the island was claimed in 1625 and first colonised in 1627, and later the British monarchy. By the 18th century, Barbados became one of the main seats of the British Crown's authority in the British West Indies, and then, after an attempt in 1958 at a federation with other West Indian colonies, continued as a self-governing colony until, on 30 November 1966, the country gained independence from the United Kingdom, retaining the then reigning monarch, Elizabeth II, as monarch of the newly formed monarchy of Barbados. The monarch is represented in the country by the Governor-General of Barbados, who for the past fifteen years has been Sir Clifford Husbands. On 31 October 2011 Sir Clifford stepped down due to retirement. On 1 November 2011 Eliot Belgrove was selected to be Barbados' acting Governor-General.
In 1966, Elizabeth's cousin, Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, opened the second session of the first parliament of the newly established country, before the Queen herself, along with Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, toured Barbados. Elizabeth returned for her Silver Jubilee in 1977, and again in 1989, to mark the 350th anniversary of the establishment of the Barbadian parliament.
Former Prime Minister Owen Arthur called for a referendum on Barbados becoming a republic to be held in 2005, though the vote was then pushed back to "at least 2006" in order to speed up Barbados' integration in the CARICOM Single Market and Economy. It was announced on 26 November 2007 that the referendum would be held in 2008, together with the general election that year. The vote was, however, postponed again to a later point, due to administrative concerns.
Belize.
Belize was, until the 15th century, a part of the Mayan Empire, containing smaller states headed by a hereditary ruler known as an "ajaw" (later "k’uhul ajaw"). The present monarchy of Belize has its roots in the Spanish monarchy, under the authority of which the area was first colonised in the 16th century, and later the British monarchy, as a Crown colony. On 21 September 1981, the country gained independence from the United Kingdom, retaining the then reigning monarch, Elizabeth II, as monarch of the newly formed monarchy of Belize. The monarch is represented in the country by the Governor-General of Belize, Sir Colville Young.
Canada.
Canada's aboriginal peoples had systems of governance organised in a fashion similar to the Occidental concept of monarchy; European explorers often referred to hereditary leaders of tribes as kings. The present monarchy of Canada has its roots in the French and English monarchies, under the authority of which the area was colonised in the 16th-18th centuries, and later the British monarchy. The country became a self-governing confederation on 1 July 1867, recognised as a kingdom in its own right, but did not have full legislative autonomy from the British Crown until the passage of the Statute of Westminster on 11 December 1931, retaining the then reigning monarch, George V, as monarch of the newly formed monarchy of Canada. The monarch is represented in the country by the Governor General of Canada, David Johnston, and in each of the provinces by a lieutenant governor.
Grenada.
The monarchy of Grenada has its roots in the French monarchy, under the authority of which the islands were first colonised in the mid 17th century, and later the English and then British monarchy, as a Crown colony. On 7 February 1974, the country gained independence from the United Kingdom, retaining the then reigning monarch, Elizabeth II, as monarch of the newly created monarchy of Grenada. The monarch is represented in the country by the Governor-General of Grenada, currently Carlyle Glean.
Jamaica.
The monarchy of Jamaica has its roots in the Spanish monarchy, under the authority of which the islands were first colonised in the late 16th century, and later the English and then British monarchy, as a Crown colony. On 6 August 1962, the country gained independence from the United Kingdom, retaining the then reigning monarch, Elizabeth II, as monarch of the newly created monarchy of Jamaica. The monarch is represented in the country by the Governor-General of Jamaica, Sir Patrick Allen.
Current Prime Minister of Jamaica Portia Simpson-Miller has expressed an intention to oversee the process required to change Jamaica to a republic by 2012; she originally stated this would be complete by August of that year. In 2003, former Prime Minister P.J. Patterson, advocated making Jamaica into a republic by 2007.
Saint Kitts and Nevis.
The monarchy of Saint Kitts and Nevis has its roots in the English and French monarchies, under the authority of which the islands were first colonised in the early 17th century, and later the British monarchy, as a Crown colony. On 10 June 1973, the country gained independence from the United Kingdom, retaining the then reigning monarch, Elizabeth II, as monarch of the newly created monarchy of Antigua and Barbuda. The monarch is represented in the country by the Governor-General of Saint Kitts and Nevis, currently Sir Edmund Lawrence.
Saint Lucia.
The Caribs who occupied the island of Saint Lucia in pre-Columbian times had a complex society, with hereditary kings and shamans. The present monarchy has its roots in the Dutch, French, and English monarchies, under the authority of which the island was first colonised in 1605, and later the British monarchy, as a Crown colony. On 22 February 1979, the country gained independence from the United Kingdom, retaining the then reigning monarch, Elizabeth II, as monarch of the newly created monarchy of Saint Lucia. The monarch is represented in the country by the Governor-General of Saint Lucia, currently Dame Pearlette Louisy.
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
The present monarchy of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines has its roots in the French monarchy, under the authority of which the island was first colonised in 1719, and later the British monarchy, as a Crown colony. On 27 October 1979, the country gained independence from the United Kingdom, retaining the then reigning monarch, Elizabeth II, as monarch of the newly created monarchy of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. The monarch is represented in the country by the Governor-General of Vincent and the Grenadines, currently Sir Frederick Ballantyne.
Settled monarchies.
Denmark.
Greenland is one of the three constituent countries of the Kingdom of Denmark, with Queen Margrethe II as the reigning sovereign. The territory first came under monarchical rule in 1261, when the populace accepted the overlordship of the King of Norway; by 1360, Norway had entered into a personal union with the Kingdom of Denmark, which became more entrenched with the union of the kingdoms into Denmark–Norway in 1536. After the dissolution of this arrangement in 1814, Greenland remained as a Danish colony, and, after its role in World War II, was granted its special status within the Kingdom of Denmark in 1953. The monarch is represented in the territory by the "Rigsombudsmand" (High Commissioner), Mikaela Engell.
Netherlands.
Aruba, Curaçao and Sint Maarten are constituent countries of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, and thus have King Willem-Alexander as their sovereign, as well as the remaining islands forming the Caribbean Netherlands. Aruba was first settled under the authority of the Spanish Crown circa 1499, but was acquired by the Dutch in 1634, under whose control the island has remained, save for an interval between 1805 and 1816, when Aruba was captured by the Royal Navy of King George III. The former Netherlands Antilles were originally discovered by explorers sent in the 1490s by the King of Spain, but were eventually conquered by the Dutch West India Company in the 17th century, whereafter the islands remained under the control of the Dutch Crown as colonial territories. The Netherlands Antilles achieved the status of an autonomous country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands in 1954, from which Aruba was split in 1986 as a separate constituent country of the larger kingdom. The former Netherlands Antilles again split as three areas in 2010. The monarch is represented in each region by the Governor of Aruba, Fredis Refunjol, the Governor of Curaçao, Frits Goedgedrag, and the Governor of Sint Maarten, Eugene Holiday.
United Kingdom.
The British Crown possesses a number of overseas territories in the Americas, for whom Queen Elizabeth II is monarch. In North America are Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Montserrat, and the Turks and Caicos Islands, while the Falkland Islands, and South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands are located in South America. The Caribbean islands were colonised under the authority or the direct instruction of a number of European monarchs, mostly English, Dutch, or Spanish, throughout the first half of the 17th century. By 1681, however, when the Turks and Caicos Islands were settled by Britons, all of the above mentioned islands were under the control of Charles II of England, Scotland, France and Ireland. Colonies were merged and split through various reorganizations of the Crown's Caribbean regions, until 19 December 1980, the date that Anguilla became a British Crown territory in its own right. The monarch is represented in these jurisdictions by: the Governor of Anguilla, Andrew George; the Governor of Bermuda, Richard Gozney; the Governor of the British Virgin Islands, David Pearey; the Governor of the Cayman Islands, Stuart Jack; the Governor of Montserrat, Adrian Davis; and the Governor of the Turks and Caicos Islands, Ric Todd.
The Falkland Islands, off the south coast of Argentina, were simultaneously claimed for Louis XV of France, in 1764, and George III of the United Kingdom, in 1765, though the French colony was ceded to Charles III of Spain in 1767. By 1833, however, the islands were under full British control. The South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands were discovered by Captain James Cook for George III in January 1775, and from 1843 were governed by the British Crown-in-Council through the Falkland Islands, an arrangement that stood until the South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands were incorporated as a distinct British overseas territory in 1985. The monarch is represented in these regions by Nigel Haywood, who is both the Governor of the Falkland Islands and the Commissioner for South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands.
Succession laws.
The succession order in the Commonwealth realms in the Americas, as well as those American territories under the British crown, adhere to male-preference cognatic primogeniture, whereby sons have precedence over daughters in the order of succession. A planned change to absolute primogeniture, whereby the eldest child inherits the throne regardless of gender, was agreed in 2011. As these states share one monarch with other countries, all with legislative independence, the change will be implemented only once the necessary legal processes are completed in each realm. Those possessions under the Danish and Dutch crowns already adhere to absolute primogeniture.
Former monarchies.
Most pre-Columbian cultures of the Americas developed and flourished for centuries under monarchical systems of government. By the time Europeans arrived on the continents in the late 15th and early 16th centuries, however, many of these civilizations had ceased to function, due to various natural and artificial causes. Those that remained up to that period were eventually defeated by the agents of European monarchical powers, who, while they remained on the European continent, thereafter established new American administrations overseen by delegated viceroys. Some of these colonies were, in turn, replaced by either republican states or locally founded monarchies, ultimately overtaking the entire American holdings of some European monarchs; those crowns that once held or claim territory in the Americas include the Spanish, Portuguese, French, Swedish, and Russian, and even Baltic Courland, Holy Roman, Prussian and Norwegian. Certain of the locally established monarchies were themselves also overthrown through revolution, leaving five current pretenders to American thrones.
Endemic monarchies.
Araucania and Patagonia.
The Kingdom of Araucania and Patagonia was a short-lived attempt at establishing a constitutional monarchy, founded by French lawyer and adventurer Orelie-Antoine de Tounens in 1860. Nominally, the "kingdom" encompassed the present-day Argentine part of Patagonia and a small segment of Chile, where Mapuche peoples were fighting to maintain their sovereignty against the advancing Chilean and Argentine armed forces. However, Orélie-Antoine never exercised sovereignty over the claimed territory, and his "de facto" control was limited to nearly fourteen months and to a small territory around a town called Perquenco (at the time mainly a Mapuche tent village), which was also the declared capital of his "kingdom".
Orélie-Antoine felt that the indigenous peoples would be better served in negotiations with the surrounding powers by a European leader, and was accordingly elected by a group of Mapuche "loncos" (chieftains) to be their king. He made efforts to gain international recognition, and attempted to involve the French government in his project, but these efforts proved unsuccessful: the French consul concluded that Tounens was insane, and Araucania and Patagonia was never recognized by any country. The Chileans primarily ignored Orélie-Antoine and his kingdom, at least initially, and simply went on with the occupation of the Araucanía, a historical process which concluded in 1883 with Chile establishing control over the region. In the process, Orélie-Antoine was captured in 1862, and imprisoned in an insane asylum in Chile. After several fruitless attempts to return to his kingdom (thwarted by Chilean and Argentine authorities), Tounens died penniless in 1878 in Tourtoirac, France. The current pretender, Prince Felipe, lives in France and has renounced his claims to the Patagonian throne, even though a few Mapuches continue to recognise the Araucanian monarchy.
Aztec.
The Aztec Empire existed in the central Mexican region between c. 1325 and 1521, and was formed by the triple alliance of the "tlatoque" (the Nahuatl term for "speaker", also translated in English as "king") of three city-states: Tlacopan, Texcoco, and the capital of the empire, Tenochtitlan. While the lineage of Tenochtitlan's kings continued after the city's fall to the Spanish on 13 August 1521, they reigned as puppet rulers of the King of Spain until the death of the last dynastic "tlatoani", Luis de Santa María Nanacacipactzin, on 27 December 1565.
Brazil.
Brazil was created as a kingdom on 16 December 1815, when Prince João, Prince of Brazil, who was then acting as regent for his ailing mother, Queen Maria, elevated the colony to a constituent country of the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves. While the royal court was still based in Rio de Janeiro, João ascended as king of the united kingdom the following year, and returned to Portugal in 1821, leaving his son, Prince Pedro, Prince of Brazil, as his regent in the Kingdom of Brazil. In September of that same year, the Portuguese parliament threatened to diminish Brazil back to the status of a colony, dismantle all the royal agencies in Rio de Janeiro, and demanded Pedro return to Lisbon. The Prince, however, feared these moves would trigger separatist movements and refused to comply; instead, at the urging of his father, he declared Brazil an independent Nation on 7 September 1822, leading to the formation of the Empire of Brazil, a constitutional monarchy. Prince Pedro became the first Emperor of Brazil on 12 October 1822, with the title of Pedro I (on that date, he was formally offered the Throne of the newly created Empire, accepted it, and was acclaimed as monarch), and his coronation took place on 1 December 1822. After Pedro abdicated the throne on 7 April 1831, the Brazilian empire saw only one additional monarch: Pedro II, who reigned for 58 years before a coup d'état overthrew the monarchy on 15 November 1889. There are two pretenders to the defunct Brazilian throne: Prince Luiz of Orléans-Braganza, head of the Vassouras branch of the Brazilian Imperial Family, and, according to legitimist claims, "de jure" Emperor of Brazil; and Prince Pedro Carlos of Orléans-Braganza, head of the Petrópolis line of the Brazilian Imperial Family, and heir to the Brazilian throne according to royalists.
The Brazilian constitution of 1988 called for a general vote on the restoration of the monarchy, which was held in 1993. The royalists went to the polls divided, with the press indicating there were actually two princes aspiring to the Brazilian throne (Dom Luiz de Orleans e Bragança and Dom João Henrique); this created some confusion among the voters. Voting tickets further divided the electorate by placing one box for a presidential republic on the ballot and four for a monarchy. Additional anti-monarchial sentiment was generated by several aggressive television commercials claiming that a vote for monarchy would be a vote for the return of slavery for blacks and a loss of Brazil's recent return to democracy after decades of military dictatorship. This result was a loss for the monarchists at the polls.
Haiti.
The entire island of Hispaniola was first claimed on 5 December 1492, by Christopher Columbus, for Queen Isabella, and the first Viceroy of America was established along with a number of colonies throughout the Island. With the later discovery of Mexico and Peru many of the early settlers left for the main land, but some twuelve cities and a hundred thousand souls remained, mainly in the Eastern part of the Island. Through the Treaty of Riswick in 1697, King Louis XIV received the western third of the Island from Spain as retribution and formalized the first French pirate settlement in existence since the mid-1600s, with the colony administered by a governor-general representing the French crown, an arrangement that stood until the French Revolution toppled the monarchy of France on 21 September 1792. Though the French government retained control over the region of Saint-Domingue, on 22 September 1804, Jean-Jacques Dessalines, who had served as Governor-General of Saint-Domingue since 30 November 1803, declared himself as head of an independent Empire of Haiti, with his coronation as Emperor Jacques I taking place on 6 October that year. After his assassination on 17 October 1806, the country was split in half, the northern portion eventually becoming the Kingdom of Haiti on 28 March 1811, with Henri Christophe installed as King Henri I. When King Henri committed suicide on 8 October 1820, and his son, Jacques-Victor Henry, Prince Royal of Haiti, was murdered by revolutionaries ten days later, the kingdom was merged into the southern Republic of Haiti, of which Faustin-Élie Soulouque was elected president on 2 March 1847. Two years later, on 26 August 1849, the Haitian national assembly declared the president as Emperor Faustin I, thereby re-establishing the Empire of Haiti. But this monarchical reincarnation was to be short lived as well, as a revolution broke out in the kingdom in 1858, resulting in Faustin abdicating the throne on 18 January 1859.
Inca.
The Incan Empire spread across the north western parts of South America between 1200 and 1573, ruled over by a monarch addressed as the "Sapa Inca", "Sapa", or "Apu". The civilization emerged in the Kingdom of Cusco, and expanded to become the "Ttahuantin-suyu", or "land of the four sections", each ruled by a governor or viceroy called "Apu-cuna", under the leadership of the central "Sapa Inca". The empire eventually fell to the Spanish in 1533, when the last king, Atahualpa, was captured and executed on 29 August. The conquerors installed other Incan kings– beginning with Atahualpa's brother, Túpac Huallpa– and the line continued in this manner until the death of Túpac Amaru in 1572.
Maya.
The Mayan Civilization was located on the Yucatán Peninsula and into the isthmian portion of North America, and Northern portion of Central America (Guatemala and Honduras) was formed of a number of "ajawil", "ajawlel", or "ajawlil"– hierarchical polities headed by an hereditary ruler known as a "kuhul ajaw" (the Mayan term indicating a sovereign leader). Despite constant warfare and shifts in regional power, most Maya kingdoms remained a part of the region's landscape, even following subordination to hegemonic rulers through conquest or dynastic union. Nonetheless, the Mayan civilization began its decline in the 8th and 9th centuries, and by the time of the arrival of the Spanish, only a few kingdoms remained, such as Tayasal, Mam, Kaqchikel, and the K'iche' Kingdom of Q'umarkaj. On 13 March 1697, the last Itza Mayan king was defeated at Tayasal by the forces of King Philip IV of Spain.
Mexico.
With the victory of the Mexicans over the Spanish imperial army in 1821, the Viceroyalty of New Spain came to a conclusion. The newly independent Mexican Congress still desired that King Ferdinand VII, or another member of the House of Bourbon, agree to be installed as Emperor of Mexico, thereby forming a type of personal union with Spain. The Spanish monarchy, however, refused to recognise the new state, and decreed that it would allow no other European prince to take the throne of Mexico. Thus, the Mexican Agustín de Iturbide was crowned as Augustine I on 19 May 1822, with an official decree of confirmation issued two days following. Only a few months later, Augustine dissolved a factious congress, thereby prompting an enraged Antonio López de Santa Anna to mount a coup, which led to the declaration of a republic on 1 December 1822. In order to end the unrest, Augustine abdicated on 19 March 1823 and left the country, and the Mexican monarchy was abolished. After hearing that the situation in Mexico had only grown worse since his abdication, Iturbide returned from England on 11 May 1824, but was detained upon setting foot in Mexico and, without trial, was executed.
Benito Juárez, elected as President of Mexico on 19 January 1858, suspended all repayments on Mexico's foreign debts (save those owed to the United States), leading France, the United Kingdom, and Spain to send a joint expeditionary force that took Veracruz in December 1861. Juárez then repaid the debts, after which British and Spanish troops withdrew, but Emperor Napoleon III of France used the situation as a pretext to overthrow the republic and install a monarch friendly to the interests of France. Archduke Maximilian, brother of the Emperor of Austria, was elevated as Emperor Maximilian I of Mexico, thereby re-establishing the Mexican monarchy, but the new emperor ultimately did not bow to Napoleon's wishes, leading the latter to withdraw the majority of his influence from Mexico. Regardless, Maximilian was still viewed as a French puppet, and an illegitimate leader of the country. As well, at the end of the American Civil War, US troops moved to the Mexico-US border as part of a planned invasion, seeing the establishment of the Second Mexican Empire as an infringement on their Monroe Doctrine. Backed by the Americans, ex-president Juárez mobilised to retake power, and defeated Maximilian at Querétaro on 15 May 1867. The Emperor was arraigned before a military tribunal, sentenced to death, and executed at the "Cerro de las Campanas" on 19 June 1867.
Miskito.
The Miskito people of Central America were governed by the authority of a monarch, but one who shared his royal powers with a governor and a general. The origins of the monarchy are unknown; however, its sovereignty was lost when King Edward I of the Miskito Nation signed the Treaty of Friendship and Alliance with King George II of the United Kingdom, putting the Miskito kingdom under the British protection and law. At the cessation of the American Revolutionary War, King George III of the United Kingdom, via the Treaty of Paris, relinquished control of the Miskito's lands, though Britain continued an unofficial protectorate over the kingdom to protect Miskito interests against Spanish encroachments. After British interest in the region waned, Nicaragua dissolved and occupied the Miskito kingdom in 1894, with the monarch thereafter becoming known as the Hereditary Chief. Norton Cuthbert Clarence is the current pretender to the Miskito Kingdom and Hereditary Chief of the Miskito Nation.
Taíno.
The Taínos were an indigenous civilization spread across those islands today lying within the Bahamas, Greater Antilles, and the northern Lesser Antilles. These regions were divided into kingdoms (the island of Hispaniola alone was segmented into five kingdoms), which were themselves sometimes sub-divided into provinces. Each kingdom was led by a "cacique", or "chieftain", who was advised in his exercise of royal power by a council of priests/healers known as "bohiques". The line of succession, however, was matrilineal, whereby if there was no male heir to become "cacigue", the title would pass to the eldest child, whether son or daughter, of the deceased's sister. After battling for centuries with the Carib, the Taíno empire finally succumbed to disease and genocide brought by the Spanish colonisers.
Colonial monarchies.
Courland.
After a number of failed attempts at colonising Tobago, Duke Jacob Kettler of Courland and Semigallia sent one more ship to the island, which landed there on 20 May 1654, carrying soldiers and colonists, who named the island "New Courland". At approximately the same time, Dutch colonies were established at other locations on the island, and eventually outgrew those of the Duchy of Courland in population. When the Duke was captured by Swedish forces in 1658, Dutch settlers overtook the Courland colonies, forcing the Governor to surrender. After a return of the territory to Courland through the 1660 Treaty of Oliwa, a number of attempts were made by the next Duke of Courland (Friedrich Casimir Kettler) at re-colonisation, but these met with failure, and he sold New Courland in 1689.
France.
After King Francis I commissioned Jacques Cartier to search out an eastern route to Asia, the city of Port Royal was founded on 27 July 1605 in what is today Nova Scotia. From there, the French Crown's empire in the Americas grew to include areas of land surrounding the Great Lakes and down the Mississippi River, as well as islands in the Caribbean, and the north eastern shore of South America; the Viceroyalty of New France was eventually made into a royal province of France in 1663 by King Louis XIV. Some regions were lost to the Spanish or British Crowns through conflict and treaties, and those that were still possessions of the French king on 21 December 1792 came under republican rule when the French monarchy was abolished on that day.
Upon several restorations of the monarchy, the royal presence in America ended with the collapse of the Second French Empire under Napoleon III in 1870.
Russia.
The first permanent Russian settlements in what is today the US state of Alaska were set down in the 1790s, forming Russian Alaska, after Tsar Peter I called for expeditions across the Bering Strait in 1725, with the region administered by the head of the Russian-American Company as the Emperor's representative. Another Russian outpost, Fort Ross, was established in 1812 in what is now California. The colonies, however, were never profitable enough to maintain Russian interest in the area, with the population only ever reaching a maximum of 700. Fort Ross was sold in 1841, and in 1867, a deal was brokered whereby Tsar Alexander II sold his Alaskan territory to the United States for $7,200,000, and the official transfer took place on 30 October that year.
Portugal.
The United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves came into being in the wake of Portugal's war with Napoleonic France. The Portuguese Prince Regent, the future King John VI, with his incapacitated mother, Queen Maria I of Portugal and the Royal Court, escaped to the colony of Brazil in 1808.
With the defeat of Napoleon in 1815, there were calls for the return of the Portuguese Monarch to Lisbon; the Portuguese Prince Regent enjoyed life in Rio de Janeiro, where the monarchy was at the time more popular and where he enjoyed more freedom, and he was thus unwilling to return to Europe. However, those advocating the return of the Court to Lisbon argued that Brazil was only a colony and that it was not right for Portugal to be governed from a colony. On the other hand, leading Brazilian courtiers pressed for the elevation of Brazil from the rank of a colony, so that they could enjoy the full status of being nationals of the mother-country. Brazilian nationalists also supported the move, because it indicated that Brazil would no longer be submissive to the interests of Portugal, but would be of equal status within a transatlantic monarchy.
Spain.
Beginning in 1492 with the voyages of Christopher Columbus under the direction of Isabella I of Castile, the Spanish Crown amassed a large American empire over three centuries, spreading first from the Caribbean to Central America, most of South America, Mexico, what is today the Southwestern United States, and the Pacific coast of North America up to Alaska. These regions formed the majority of the Viceroyalty of New Spain, the Viceroyalty of Peru, the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata, and the Viceroyalty of New Granada, in each of which the Spanish monarch was represented by a viceroy. By the early 19th century, however, the Spanish sovereign's possessions in the Americas began a series of independence movements, which culminated in the Crown's loss of all its colonies on the mainland of North and South America by 1825. The remaining colonies of Cuba and Puerto Rico were occupied by the United States following the Spanish-American War, ending Spanish rule in the Americas by 1899.
Self-proclaimed monarchies.
These entities were never recognized "de jure" as legitimate governments, but still sometimes exercised a certain degree of local control or influence within their respective locations until the death of their "monarch":
James J. Strang.
James Strang, a would-be successor to the Mormon prophet Joseph Smith, Jr., proclaimed himself "king" over his church in 1850, which was then concentrated mostly on Beaver Island in Lake Michigan. On 8 July of that year, he was physically crowned in an elaborate coronation ceremony complete with crown, sceptre, throne, ermine robe and breastplate. Although he never claimed legal sovereignty over Beaver Island or any other geographical entity, Strang managed (as a member of the Michigan State Legislature) to have his "kingdom" constituted as a separate county, where his followers held all county offices, and Strang's word was law. U.S. President Millard Filmore ordered an investigation into Strang's colony, which resulted in Strang's trial in Detroit for treason, trespass, counterfeiting and other crimes, but the jury found the "king" innocent of all charges. Strang was eventually assassinated by two disgruntled followers in 1856, and his kingdom—together with his royal regalia—vanished.
Joshua Norton.
Joshua Abraham Norton, an Englishman who emigrated to San Francisco, California in 1849, proclaimed himself "Emperor of These United States" in 1859, later adding the title "Protector of Mexico". Though never recognized by the U.S. or Mexican governments, he was accorded a certain degree of deference within San Francisco itself, including reserved balcony seats (for which he was never charged) at local theatres, and salutes by policemen who passed him on the street. Specially printed currency authorized by Norton was accepted as legal tender within several businesses in the city. When Norton died in 1880, he was given a lavish funeral attended by over 30,000 persons.
James Harden-Hickey.
James Harden-Hickey was a self-proclaimed Prince, who attempted to establish the so-called Principality of Trinidad on Trindade and the Martim Vaz Islands in the South Atlantic Ocean during the late nineteenth century. Although initially garnering some newspaper attention, Hickey's claims were ignored or ridiculed by other nations, and the islands were eventually occupied by military forces from nearby Brazil which remain there to the present day.
Matthew Dowdy Shiell.
A self-proclaimed monarch of the so-called Kingdom of Redonda, an island in the Caribbean Sea. Whether Shiell never actually claimed to be king of this tiny islet is open to debate; however, other individuals later claimed the title of "King of Redonda," without having apparently ever tried to physically establish themselves on the island itself.

</doc>
<doc id="20395811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395811" title="Geoff Molyneux">
Geoff Molyneux

Geoff Molyneux (born 23 January 1943, Warrington) is a former English footballer who played as a winger.
Playing career.
The younger brother of Liverpool and Chester defender John Molyneux, Geoff joined Chester as an amateur from Rylands Youth Club in Warrington in 1962. He made his only appearance in The Football League in a 3–1 win over Exeter City (with John also in the side) on 22 September 1962, also playing in a Football League Cup tie with Mansfield Town four days later.
He did not make any more first-team appearances for Chester and quickly dropped into the Cheshire County League with New Brighton.

</doc>
<doc id="20395812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395812" title="Legal status of tattooing in the United States">
Legal status of tattooing in the United States

In the United States, there is no federal law stating a required age to be tattooed. In most states, when a person reaches the age of 18 in the U.S., they are legally considered an adult. Many states require that the person being tattooed is an adult over 18, but some states do allow minors (17 or less) to be tattooed with parental consent.
In all jurisdictions, even those having no law dictating a minimum age, individual tattooists may choose to set age restrictions for their business as a precaution against lawsuits. This is partially based on the legal principle that a minor cannot enter into a legal contract or otherwise render informed consent for a procedure. Most such tattooists will allow a parent or guardian to give written or oral consent in person. The artist may also choose to place additional restrictions based on his or her own moral feelings, such as refusing "any" clients under a specific age even with parental consent, or limiting the type and/or location of where they are willing to tattoo a minor (such as refusing any work around intimate parts of the body). Artists sometimes claim their personal business restrictions are a matter of law even when it is not true (i.e. tattooing the hands or face is frequently said to be illegal, even though no U.S. state currently has such a ban.), so as to avoid arguments with clients.
Alabama.
The law says that a minor can be tattooed but must have written parental consent and the parent, legal guardian, or caretaker, must be present during the time the minor is being tattooed.
Alaska.
The law says that no person under the age of 18 can be tattooed.
Arizona.
The law says that the parent or legal guardian must be physically present if the person is a minor (17).
Arkansas.
In the State of Arkansas a minor can be tattooed with written consent and presence of a parent or legal guardian.
California.
According to California Penal Code 653, every person who tattoos or offers to tattoo a person under the age of 17 years is guilty of a misdemeanor. The Law States: "No piercing of nipples or genitalia, branding, tattooing, or permanent cosmetics for a minor regardless of parental consent."
Colorado.
Under 18 years of age requires parental consent for body art.
Connecticut.
Quoted as is: ""No person shall tattoo an unemancipated minor under eighteen years of age without the permission of the parent or guardian of such minor.""
Delaware.
Quoted as is ""No person shall knowingly or negligently tattoo, brand or perform body-piercing on a minor unless that person obtains the prior written consent of the minor's parent over the age of 18 or legal guardian to the specific act of tattooing, branding or body-piercing. ""
Florida.
Minors under 16 years of age can only be tattooed for medical or dental purposes by licensed medical or dental practitioners. Parent or guardian permission is required to tattoo a person between 16 and 18 years of age. A notary stamp is also required for minors age 16 to 18.
Georgia.
"It shall be unlawful for any person to tattoo the body of any person under the age of 18, except that a physician or osteopath licensed under Chapter 34 of Title 43, or a technician acting under the direct supervision of such licensed physician or osteopath, and in compliance with Chapter 9 of Title 31 shall be authorized to mark or color the skin of any person under the age of 18 by pricking in coloring matter or by producing scars for medical or cosmetic purposes." 
Hawaii.
In the State of Hawaii a minor can be tattooed with the written consent of the parents or legal guardian.
Idaho.
Idaho law requires a written consent by a minor's parent or legal guardian prior to tattooing, branding, or body piercing of minors age fourteen (14) to eighteen (18) years of age.
[http://www3.state.id.us/oasis/2004/S1281.html#daily]
Illinois.
Per 720 ILCS 5/12-10(a) you must be at least 18 years of age to get a tattoo.
Indiana.
In the State of Indiana a minor can be tattooed but a parent(s) or legal guardian(s) must be present. Must be present during the time the minor is being tattooed and the parent(s) must provide written permission for the person to receive the tattoo(s).
Iowa.
In the State of Iowa a minor may not be tattooed. They must be 18-years-old or older. No parental consent is allowed.
Kansas.
In the State of Kansas, the law says ""No person shall perform body piercing, cosmetic tattooing or tattooing on or to any person under 18 years of age without the prior written and notarized consent of the parent or court appointed guardian of such person and the person giving such consent must be present during the body piercing, cosmetic tattooing or tattooing procedure.""
Kentucky.
In the State of Kentucky, the law says ""Registrants or operators shall not perform tattooing and body piercing for any of these individuals: On persons under 18 years of age without the presence, consent and proper identification of a parent, legal custodian parent or legal guardian for persons 13-18 years of age. "".
Louisiana.
It is unlawful for anyone to tattoo or pierce a minor under age 18 without the consent of the minor's parent or legal custodian, who must accompany them to the procedure. Upon conviction, violators shall be fined between $100 and $500 or imprisoned between 30 and 100 days, or both.
Maine.
In the State of Maine, the law says ""No tattooing shall be practiced on the person of any one who is less than 18 years of age, as verified by a driver's license, liquor ID card, military ID card, or other adequate record.""
Maryland.
Maryland's health regulations refer to tattooing and piercing as "Skin-Penetrating Body Adornment Procedures" (this excludes piercing of the earlobe). Tattoo artists are required to inform the client of the risks for the tattoo procedure, and must obtain the client's consent in writing. If the client is under the age of 18, their parent or guardian must sign the consent instead. The parlor is then required to keep this consent document for at least 3 years, along with the client's name, the date, a description of the procedure, and the artist's name who performed it.
Massachusetts.
All body art procedures, which includes tattooing, piercing, branding and scarification, are regulated by the state health board. Salons and individual artists must obtain a permit to practice any kind of body art, and must abide by a set of regulations with regards to sanitation and safety of equipment. Clients for any body art must sign a standardized informed consent document provided by the health board, which outlines the risks of such body art as well as providing guidance for after care and how to file a complaint. Tattooing, branding, scarification and piercings of the genitalia are completely banned for anyone under 18, even with parental consent. Piercing of areas other than the genitalia are allowed if the parent appears in person, presents proper identification and signs a consent document.
Tattooing was completely banned in Massachusetts from 1962 to 2000 which was prompted by a series of hepatitis outbreaks and concerns about unsanitary practices in salons. During this time, many residents simply traveled out of state to get tattooed. This ban was declared unconstitutional in 2000. As a result of the ban, many tattoo parlors and shops opened for business along the state line in neighboring states, especially in northern suburbs of Providence, Rhode Island. Most of these shops are still in business.
Michigan.
Michigan law (MCL 333.13102) prohibits tattooing anyone under the age of 18 without written consent of a parent or guardian, who must also provide proof of guardianship.
Missouri.
Tattooing of a person under 18 requires the consent of a parent or guardian.
Montana.
Montana law prohibits tattooing or body piercing "on a child under the age of majority without the explicit in-person consent of the child's parent or guardian." 
Nevada.
No person shall perform any tattoo procedure whatsoever upon a person under the age of fourteen (14) years, unless under the supervision of a medical professional. Tattoo procedures performed upon a person under the age of eighteen (18) years require the written consent and proper identification of a parent or guardian unless the person has been emancipated by a court of competent jurisdiction and can provide legal documentation stating this fact. Any tattoos performed on a minor must be done in the presence of a parent or guardian. 
New Hampshire.
Per RSA 314-A:8, "Branding and tattooing a person under the age of 18 is prohibited."
New Jersey.
New Jersey State Sanitary Code §8:27-2.6(5): "No tattoo or permanent cosmetics shall be applied to any person under 18 years of age, without the presence, written consent, and proper identification of a parent or legal guardian." 
New York.
It is violation of section 260.21 of New York State Penal Law to tattoo minors under the age of 18, regardless of parental consent. Tattooing a minor is considered "unlawfully dealing with a child in the second degree" and is a class B misdemeanor. A class B misdemeanor in New York is punishable by up to 3 months in jail.
North Carolina.
N.C. General Statute 14-400(a) states: "It shall be unlawful for any person or persons to tattoo the arm, limb, or any part of the body of any other person under 18 years of age. Anyone violating the provisions of this section shall be guilty of a Class 2 misdemeanor"
North Dakota.
No person may perform any body art procedure upon a person under the age of eighteen years without the presence, written consent, and proper identification of a parent, legal custodial parent, or legal guardian.
Ohio.
Per Ohio Revised Code section 3730.06, a parent, guardian, or custodian must give consent for a tattoo or body piercing procedure to be performed on a minor.
Oklahoma.
with parents permission minors are allowed to get tattoos.
Oregon.
A minor may not be tattooed regardless of the presence and written consent of a parent or legal guardian.
Pennsylvania.
Under Title 18 of Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, "A person commits an offense if he tattoos any person under the age of 18 years without the parent or guardian of such person giving consent for the tattooing of the person and being present at the time of the tattooing of the person.
A person who commits an offense under this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor of the third degree for the first offense. A person who commits a second or subsequent offense under this section within one year of the preceding offense commits a misdemeanor of the second degree."
Rhode Island.
§ 11-9-15 "Tattooing of minors." – "Every person who shall tattoo any minor under the age of eighteen (18) shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and, upon conviction, shall be imprisoned not exceeding one year or be fined not exceeding three hundred dollars ($300). For the purposes of this section, "tattooing" means the practice of marking the skin with indelible patterns or pictures by making punctures and inserting pigments. Nothing in this section shall be construed as prohibiting the removal of tattoo markings from the body of any person of whatsoever age."
South Dakota.
Under chapter 26-10-19 of South Dakota’s Codified Laws tattooing a minor without parental consent is a misdemeanor. A signed consent form is required.
Tennessee.
It is illegal in the state of Tennessee to tattoo the skin of any person under eighteen (18) years of age. (TCA 39-15-403. Title 39: Criminal Offenses, Chapter 15: Offenses Against the Family, Part 4: Children, Tattooing of minors.)
Texas.
A tattooist may not tattoo a person younger than 18 years of age except under the provisions of Section 146.012 (a-1) with the consent from the person's parent or guardian where the tattoo will cover a tattoo that contains obscene or offensive language or symbols; gang-related names, symbols, or markings; drug-related names, symbols, or pictures; other words, symbols, or markings that the person's parent or guardian considers would be in the best interest of the person to cover.
Utah.
In Utah, a minor may only be tattooed with the consent of a parent or guardian. For the purposes of this law, a minor is defined as a person under the age of 18 who is not married and has not been declared emancipated.
Vermont.
People who perform tattooing and body piercing, as well as the shop they practice in, are required to be licensed by state law. Full licensing requires an apprenticeship of at least 1000 hours within 2 years, under the supervision of a licensed artist who has been in practice for 3 or more years.
A person under 18 cannot receive a tattoo without written consent of their parent or guardian.
Virginia.
Prohibits anyone from tattooing or performing body piercing on a person under age 18, knowing or having reason to believe that the person is under 18 except in the presence of the person's parent or guardian or when done by or under the supervision of a medical doctor, registered nurse, or other medical services personnel in the performance of their duties. Excludes ear piercing as a form of body piercing. Violators are guilty of a Class 1 misdemeanor.
Washington.
The law says every person who applies a tattoo to any minor under the age of eighteen is guilty of a misdemeanor.
Wisconsin.
Tattoo artists and establishments where tattoos are performed must be licensed by the state health department, and establishments must be inspected before a licence is issued (statute 252.23). Alternatively, in areas with a population over 5000 people, the state health department can authorize a local health department to do inspections and licensing (statute 252.245).
No one may tattoo children except doctors doing so in the course of their medical practice: ""(2) Subject to sub. (3), any person who tattoos or offers to tattoo a child is subject to a Class D forfeiture."".
(3) Subsection (2) does not prohibit a physician from tattooing or offering to tattoo a child in the course of professional practice.
No one under the age of 18 may be tattooed, regardless of parental consent.
Wyoming.
It is illegal to tattoo a minor without the consent and presence of a parent or guardian.

</doc>
<doc id="20395814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395814" title="Love Me Again (film)">
Love Me Again (film)

Love Me Again is a 2008 Filipino film starring Angel Locsin with Piolo Pascual released under Star Cinema. The film was directed by award-winning film director Rory Quintos. 
"Love Me Again" had its world premiere in Los Angeles on December 6, 2008 and in San Francisco, California on December 7, 2008. It opened in Philippine theaters last January 15, 2009. This film is the first ever Philippine film with an all cast of Filipinos to be shown in a premiere in the United States and this is also the first big-screen team-up of Piolo Pascual and Angel Locsin.
Overview.
Production.
The cast, including Angel Locsin and Piolo Pascual, trained for weeks in horseback riding at the Manila Polo Club under the guidance of couturiers Vic Barba and Mikee Cojuangco. The film was shot in Impasug-ong and Malaybalay City, Bukidnon. It was also shot in Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia. 
The film was retitled from "Land Down Under" to "Love Me Again".
Plot.
Arah (Angel Locsin) dreams of a better life—different from the life she knows in Bukidnon. Ranches everywhere are closing one by one. The glory her hometown once knew was slowly disappearing in favour of life abroad, particularly in Australia. Arah believes this too. Australia will save them from poverty. But Migo (Piolo Pascual) does not share this belief. He believes that Bukidnon’s glory will return if only people didn’t leave.
When Arah’s father suddenly encounters an accident, Arah is left with no choice but to seek better opportunities to earn money. Arah, in desperation accepts money from the Australian rancher Brian in exchange for a contract. Her decision breaks Migo’s heart. The two part ways, their problems unresolved.
With the help of her co-workers, especially her newfound friend, Ina (a Filipina working there as a cook), Arah slowly adjusted to the life in Australia. She is willing to hold her ground and tough it up along with the boys just to fulfill her dreams for herself and her family. It was this determination that caught the attention of the cold and mysterious Brian.
Meanwhile, Migo was experiencing his own wave of reality. Bukidnon is not what it used to be. And fighting to keep a ranch alive and working is something he cannot do without enough
experience. Despite his enthusiasm and hard work, his investments crumble slowly until he is left with nothing but a humbling realization—there is money in Australia, but his dreams shouldn’t really end there. Migo decides to give the land down under a try. With fierce hopes of earning back what he lost, he flies to Australia, to the land where his beloved Arah went when she left him for her dreams.
Suddenly, Migo’s presence at the ranch is making Arah suspicious. It’s been years—why is he suddenly there? But destiny has other plans for the two. By a simple twist of fate, the two are thrown together on an errand. The close proximity forces the two to confront their past. And undeniably, their feelings for each other resurface.
Will Arah let Migo in her heart again or will she let him go completely for the sake of Brian and her family? And will Migo find the courage to fight for her or learn to accept that he has lost her forever?
Reception.
"Land Down Under" has a total gross of ₱ 65.1 million, according to Box Office Mojo.

</doc>
<doc id="20395856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395856" title="Prix La Flèche">
Prix La Flèche

The Prix La Flèche is a Listed flat horse race in France open to two-year-old thoroughbreds. It is run at Maisons-Laffitte over a distance of 1,000 metres (about 5 furlongs), and it is scheduled to take place each year in June.
History.
The event was staged at Le Tremblay until the late 1960s, and was transferred to Évry in the 1970s. For a period its distance was 1,400 metres. It was subsequently contested over 1,300 metres (1984–86) and 1,200 metres (1987–92). It was shortened to 1,100 metres in 1993.
The Prix La Flèche was held at Chantilly from 1997 to 1999, and at Maisons-Laffitte from 2000 to 2003. It was switched to Longchamp and cut to 1,000 metres in 2004. It returned to Maisons-Laffitte in 2009.
The leading horses from the race often go on to compete in the Prix du Bois.
Records.
Leading jockey since 1977 (4 wins):
Leading trainer since 1977 (5 wins):
Leading owner since 1977 (3 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="20395862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395862" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Uganda)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Uganda)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs "(MoFA)" is a government ministry responsible for the management of Uganda's international activity and foreign affairs. The Minister of Foreign Affairs is presently Sam Kutesa. Other ministers within the ministry are: Henry Oryem Okello, Minister of State for Foreign Affairs (responsible for International Affairs); and Asuman Kiyingi, Minister of State for Foreign Affairs(responsible for Regional Co-operation).
In addition to its head offices in Kampala, the ministry maintains 27 diplomatic missions abroad, and one consulate. The ministry is located in Kampala.

</doc>
<doc id="20395866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395866" title="Esma Sultan Mansion">
Esma Sultan Mansion

The Esma Sultan Mansion (), a historical yalı () located at Bosporus in Ortaköy neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey and named after its original owner Esma Sultan, is used today as a cultural center after being redeveloped.
History.
The three-storey brick building was designed by the renowned architect Sarkis Balyan and finished in 1875 next to Ortaköy Mosque. It was presented to Esma Sultan (1873-1899), the daughter of Ottoman Sultan Abdülaziz, as a wedding gift.
The mansion remained in the possession of the Ottoman dynasty until 1915. The building was used first as a tobacco warehouse and then as a coal depot from 1920 until 1975, when it was destroyed by a fire.
Redevelopment.
The ruin, consisting only of the outer walls of the building, was purchased in the early 1990s by The Marmara hotel chain. Following a renovation with additions designed by architect Gökhan Avcıoğlu, the mansion was opened in 2001 as a multipurpose event venue. Within the brick exterior, which was left as the original, a steel and glass structure is incorporated. The building includes a bar, a restaurant, and an event hall at several levels. The building is situated in a garden of . The ground floor is wide, long and high. The first floor is merged with the second floor, having dimensions of wide, long and high.
Esma Sultana Mansion, run by The Marmara Hotel chain as a venue for various meetings and conferences, offers banqueting space in a historical atmosphere for up to 1,000 guests in the garden, 180 guests in the ground floor and 330 guests in the first floor. Space for reception is available for up to 3,000 guests in the garden, 300 guests in the ground floor and 600 guests in the first floor. The venue also hosts concerts of the Istanbul International Jazz Festival and the Istanbul International Music Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20395871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395871" title="Bert Wolton">
Bert Wolton

Albert Victor George Wolton (12 June 1919 – 9 September 1990) was an English cricketer. He was a right-hand batsman and right-arm off-spin bowler who played for Warwickshire.
Biographic data.
Born in Maidenhead, Berkshire, Wolton began his cricket career with his home county, playing seven matches in the 1939 Minor Counties Championship.
Wolton died in Solihull, aged 71.
Cricket career.
Following the Second World War Wolton played in the Birmingham League before making his first-class debut in 1947, aged 28. He play 297 first-class matches during his career, scoring 12,930 runs at an average of 31.00. All but one of those appearances came for Warwickshire, the other occurred in 1956 when selected for the North against the South.
During eight of his seasons, Wolton exceeded 1,000 runs. His most productive season was in 1955 when he scored 1,809 runs at 34.13, including three centuries. He scored a total of 12 centuries during his career. His highest score was 165 against Worcestershire in 1954.
Wolton's off-spin took 37 first-class wickets at 33.16, 22 of these victims came in single season, 1953. His best record of 4/15 was against Middlesex.
Wolton took 118 catches and his fielding is described in "Wisden" as "outstanding by the standards of any era."
Wolton was a regular in the 1951 season when Warwickshire won the County Championship; he contributed 984 runs to their success.
In 1959 Wolton's benefit match was the home fixture with Surrey, from which he received more than £3,000. He made his final appearance for the club in 1960, scoring 2 and 0.

</doc>
<doc id="20395872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395872" title="Oprah Winfrey">
Oprah Winfrey

Oprah Gail Winfrey (born January 29, 1954) is an American media proprietor, talk show host, actress, producer, and philanthropist. Winfrey is best known for her multi-award-winning talk show "The Oprah Winfrey Show" which was the highest-rated program of its kind in history and was nationally syndicated from 1986 to 2011. Dubbed the "Queen of All Media", she has been ranked the richest African-American of the 20th century, the greatest black philanthropist in American history, and is currently North America's only black billionaire. She is also, according to some assessments, the most influential woman in the world. In 2013, she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Barack Obama and an honorary doctorate degree from Harvard.
Winfrey was born into poverty in rural Mississippi to a teenage single mother and later raised in an inner-city Milwaukee neighborhood. She experienced considerable hardship during her childhood, saying she was raped at age nine and became pregnant at 14; her son died in infancy. Sent to live with the man she calls her father, a barber in Tennessee, Winfrey landed a job in radio while still in high school and began co-anchoring the local evening news at the age of 19. Her emotional ad-lib delivery eventually got her transferred to the daytime-talk-show arena, and after boosting a third-rated local Chicago talk show to first place, she launched her own production company and became internationally syndicated.
Credited with creating a more intimate confessional form of media communication, she is thought to have popularized and revolutionized the tabloid talk show genre pioneered by Phil Donahue, which a Yale study says broke 20th-century taboos and allowed LGBT people to enter the mainstream. By the mid-1990s, she had reinvented her show with a focus on literature, self-improvement, and spirituality. Though criticized for unleashing a confession culture, promoting controversial self-help ideas, and an emotion-centered approach
she is often praised for overcoming adversity to become a benefactor to others. From 2006 to 2008, her support of Barack Obama, by one estimate, delivered over a million votes in the close 2008 Democratic primary race.
Early life.
Winfrey was named "Orpah" after the biblical character in the Book of Ruth on her birth certificate, but people mispronounced it regularly and Oprah stuck.
Winfrey was born in Kosciusko, Mississippi, to an unmarried teenage mother. She later said that her conception was due to a single sexual encounter and the couple broke up not long after. Her mother, Vernita Lee (born c. 1935), was a housemaid. Winfrey had believed that her biological father was Vernon Winfrey (born 1933), a coal miner turned barber turned city councilman who had been in the Armed Forces when she was born. Decades later, Mississippi farmer and World War II veteran Noah Robinson, Sr. (born c. 1925) claimed to be her biological father. A genetic test in 2006 determined that her matrilineal line originated among the Kpelle ethnic group, in the area that today is Liberia. Her genetic makeup was determined to be 89% Sub-Saharan African, 8% Native American, and 3% East Asian; however, the East Asian may, given the imprecisions of genetic testing, actually be Native American markers.
After Winfrey's birth, her mother traveled north and Winfrey spent her first six years living in rural poverty with her maternal grandmother, Hattie Mae (Presley) Lee (April 15, 1900 – February 27, 1963), who was so poor that Winfrey often wore dresses made of potato sacks, for which the local children made fun of her. Her grandmother taught her to read before the age of three and took her to the local church, where she was nicknamed "The Preacher" for her ability to recite Bible verses. When Winfrey was a child, her grandmother would hit her with a stick when she did not do chores or if she misbehaved in any way.
At age six, Winfrey moved to an inner-city neighborhood in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with her mother Vernita Lee, who was less supportive and encouraging than her grandmother had been, largely as a result of the long hours she worked as a maid. Around this time, Lee had given birth to another daughter, Winfrey's younger half-sister, Patricia who later (in February 2003, at age 43) died of causes related to cocaine addiction. By 1962, Lee was having difficulty raising both daughters so Winfrey was temporarily sent to live with Vernon in Nashville, Tennessee. While Winfrey was in Nashville, Lee gave birth to a third daughter who was put up for adoption (in the hope of easing the financial straits that had led to Lee's being on welfare) and later also named Patricia. Winfrey did not learn she had a second half-sister until 2010. By the time Winfrey moved back in with Lee, Lee had also given birth to a boy named Jeffrey, Winfrey's half-brother, who died of AIDS-related causes in 1989.
Winfrey has stated she was molested by her cousin, uncle, and a family friend, starting when she was nine years old, something she first announced to her viewers on a 1986 episode of her TV show regarding sexual abuse. When Winfrey discussed the alleged abuse with family members at age 24, they refused to accept what she said. Winfrey once commented that she had chosen not to be a mother because she had not been mothered well.
At 13, after suffering years of abuse, Winfrey ran away from home. When she was 14, she became pregnant but her son died shortly after birth. She later stated she felt betrayed by the family member who had sold the story to the "National Enquirer" in 1990. She began going to Lincoln High School; but after early success in the Upward Bound program, was transferred to the affluent suburban Nicolet High School, where she says her poverty was constantly rubbed in her face as she rode the bus to school with fellow African-Americans, some of whom were servants of her classmates' families. She began to steal money from her mother in an effort to keep up with her free-spending peers, to lie to and argue with her mother, and to go out with older boys.
Her frustrated mother once again sent her to live with Vernon in Nashville, Tennessee, though this time she did not take her back. Vernon was strict, but encouraging, and made her education a priority. Winfrey became an honors student, was voted Most Popular Girl, and joined her high school speech team at East Nashville High School, placing second in the nation in dramatic interpretation. She won an oratory contest, which secured her a full scholarship to Tennessee State University, a historically black institution, where she studied communication. Her first job as a teenager was working at a local grocery store. At age 17, Winfrey won the Miss Black Tennessee beauty pageant. She also attracted the attention of the local black radio station, WVOL, which hired her to do the news part-time. She worked there during her senior year of high school, and again while in her first two years of college.
Winfrey's career choice in media would not have surprised her grandmother, who once said that ever since Winfrey could talk, she was on stage. As a child, she played games interviewing her corncob doll and the crows on the fence of her family's property. Winfrey later acknowledged her grandmother's influence, saying it was Hattie Mae who had encouraged her to speak in public and "gave me a positive sense of myself". Working in local media, she was both the youngest news anchor and the first black female news anchor at Nashville's WLAC-TV. She moved to Baltimore's WJZ-TV in 1976 to co-anchor the six o'clock news. She was then recruited to join Richard Sher as co-host of WJZ's local talk show "People Are Talking", which premiered on August 14, 1978. She also hosted the local version of "Dialing for Dollars" there.
Television.
In 1983, Winfrey relocated to Chicago to host WLS-TV's low-rated half-hour morning talk show, "AM Chicago". The first episode aired on January 2, 1984. Within months after Winfrey took over, the show went from last place in the ratings to overtaking "Donahue" as the highest rated talk show in Chicago. The movie critic Roger Ebert persuaded her to sign a syndication deal with King World. Ebert predicted that she would generate 40 times as much revenue as his television show, "At the Movies". It was renamed "The Oprah Winfrey Show", expanded to a full hour, and broadcast nationally beginning September 8, 1986. Winfrey's syndicated show brought in double Donahue's national audience, displacing Donahue as the number-one daytime talk show in America. Their much publicized contest was the subject of enormous scrutiny. "TIME" magazine wrote:
TV columnist Howard Rosenberg said, "She's a roundhouse, a full course meal, big, brassy, loud, aggressive, hyper, laughable, lovable, soulful, tender, low-down, earthy and hungry. And she may know the way to Phil Donahue's jugular." "Newsday"'s Les Payne observed, "Oprah Winfrey is sharper than Donahue, wittier, more genuine, and far better attuned to her audience, if not the world" and Martha Bayles of "The Wall Street Journal" wrote, "It's a relief to see a gab-monger with a fond but realistic assessment of her own cultural and religious roots."
In the early years of "The Oprah Winfrey Show", the program was classified as a tabloid talk show. In the mid-1990s, Winfrey adopted a less tabloid-oriented format, hosting shows on broader topics such as heart disease, geopolitics, spirituality and meditation, interviewing celebrities on social issues they were directly involved with, such as cancer, charity work, or substance abuse, and hosting televised giveaways including shows where every audience member received a new car (donated by General Motors) or a trip to Australia (donated by Australian tourism bodies).
In addition to her talk show, Winfrey also produced and co-starred in the 1989 drama miniseries "The Women of Brewster Place", as well as a short-lived spin-off, "Brewster Place". As well as hosting and appearing on television shows, Winfrey co-founded the women's cable television network "Oxygen". She is also the president of Harpo Productions ("Oprah" spelled backwards). On January 15, 2008, Winfrey and Discovery Communications announced plans to change Discovery Health Channel into a new channel called "OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network". It was scheduled to launch in 2009, but was delayed, and actually launched on January 1, 2011.
The series finale of "The Oprah Winfrey Show" aired on May 25, 2011.
Celebrity interviews.
In 1993, Winfrey hosted a rare prime-time interview with Michael Jackson, which became the fourth most watched event in American television history as well as the most watched interview ever, with an audience of 36.5 million. On December 1, 2005, Winfrey appeared on the "Late Show with David Letterman" to promote the new Broadway musical "The Color Purple", of which she was a producer, joining the host for the first time in 16 years. The episode was hailed by some as the "television event of the decade" and helped Letterman attract his largest audience in more than 11 years: 13.45 million viewers. Although a much-rumored feud was said to have been the cause of the rift, both Winfrey and Letterman balked at such talk. "I want you to know, it's really over, whatever you thought was happening", said Winfrey. On September 10, 2007, Letterman made his first appearance on "The Oprah Winfrey Show", as its season premiere was filmed in New York City.
In 2006, rappers Ludacris, 50 Cent and Ice Cube criticized Winfrey for what they perceived as an anti-hip hop bias. In an interview with "GQ" magazine, Ludacris said that Winfrey gave him a "hard time" about his lyrics, and edited comments he made during an appearance on her show with the cast of the film "Crash". He also said that he wasn't initially invited on the show with the rest of the cast. Winfrey responded by saying that she is opposed to rap lyrics that "marginalize women", but enjoys some artists, including Kanye West, who appeared on her show. She said she spoke with Ludacris backstage after his appearance to explain her position and said she understood that his music was for entertainment purposes, but that some of his listeners might take it literally. In September 2008, Winfrey received criticism after Matt Drudge of the "Drudge Report" reported that Winfrey refused to have Sarah Palin on her show, allegedly because of Winfrey's support for Barack Obama. Winfrey denied the report, maintaining that there never was a discussion regarding Palin's appearing on her show. She said that after she made public her support for Obama, she decided that she would not let her show be used as a platform for any of the candidates. Although Obama appeared twice on her show, those appearances were prior to his declaring himself a candidate. Winfrey added that Palin would make a fantastic guest and that she would love to have her on the show after the election, which she did on November 18, 2009.
In 2009, Winfrey was criticized for allowing actress Suzanne Somers to appear on her show to discuss hormone treatments that are not accepted by mainstream medicine. Critics have also suggested that Winfrey is not tough enough when questioning celebrity guests or politicians whom she appears to like. Lisa de Moraes, a media columnist for "The Washington Post", stated, "Oprah doesn't do followup questions unless you're an author who's embarrassed her by fabricating portions of a supposed memoir she's plugged for her book club."
Other media.
Film.
In 1985, Winfrey co-starred in Steven Spielberg's "The Color Purple" as distraught housewife, Sofia. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance. The film went on to become a Broadway musical which opened in late 2005, with Winfrey credited as a producer. In October 1998, Winfrey produced and starred in the film "Beloved", based on Toni Morrison's Pulitzer Prize winning novel of the same name. To prepare for her role as Sethe, the protagonist and former slave, Winfrey experienced a 24-hour simulation of the experience of slavery, which included being tied up and blindfolded and left alone in the woods. Despite major advertising, including two episodes of her talk show dedicated solely to the film, and moderate to good critical reviews, "Beloved" opened to poor box-office results, losing approximately $30 million. While promoting the movie, co-star Thandie Newton described Winfrey as "a very strong technical actress and it's because she's so smart. She's acute. She's got a mind like a razor blade." In 2005, Harpo Productions released a film adaptation of Zora Neale Hurston's 1937 novel "Their Eyes Were Watching God". The made-for-television film was based upon a teleplay by Suzan-Lori Parks, and starred Halle Berry in the lead female role.
In late 2008, Winfrey's company Harpo Films signed an exclusive output pact to develop and produce scripted series, documentaries and movies for HBO. Oprah voiced Gussie the goose for "Charlotte's Web" (2006) and the voice of Judge Bumbleden in "Bee Movie" (2007) co-starring the voices of Jerry Seinfeld and Renée Zellweger. In 2009, Winfrey provided the voice for the character of Eudora, the mother of Princess Tiana, in Disney's "The Princess and the Frog" and in 2010, narrated the US version of the BBC nature program "Life" for Discovery.
Publishing and writing.
Winfrey has co-authored five books. At the announcement of a weight loss book in 2005, co-authored with her personal trainer Bob Greene, it was said that her undisclosed advance fee had broken the record for the world's highest book advance fee, previously held by the autobiography of former U.S. President Bill Clinton.
Winfrey publishes magazines: "O, The Oprah Magazine"; from 2004 to 2008, Oprah also published a magazine called "O at Home". In 2002, "Fortune" called "O, the Oprah Magazine" the most successful start-up ever in the industry. Although its circulation had declined by more than 10 percent (to 2.4 million) from 2005 to 2008, the January 2009 issue was the best selling issue since 2006. The audience for her magazine is considerably more upscale than for her TV show, the average reader earning well above the median for U.S. women.
Online.
Winfrey's company created the "Oprah.com" website to provide resources and interactive content relating to her shows, magazines, book club, and public charity. Oprah.com averages more than 70 million page views and more than six million users per month, and receives approximately 20,000 e-mails each week. Winfrey initiated "Oprah's Child Predator Watch List", through her show and website, to help track down accused child molesters. Within the first 48 hours, two of the featured men were captured.
Radio.
On February 9, 2006, it was announced that Winfrey had signed a three-year, $55 million contract with XM Satellite Radio to establish a new radio channel. The channel, Oprah Radio, features popular contributors to "The Oprah Winfrey Show" and "O, The Oprah Magazine" including Nate Berkus, Dr. Mehmet Oz, Bob Greene, Dr. Robin Smith and Marianne Williamson. Oprah & Friends began broadcasting at 11:00 am ET, September 25, 2006, from a new studio at Winfrey's Chicago headquarters. The channel broadcasts 24 hours a day, seven days a week on XM Radio Channel 156. Winfrey's contract requires her to be on the air 30 minutes a week, 39 weeks a year. The 30-minute weekly show features Winfrey with friend Gayle King.
Personal life.
Homes.
Winfrey currently lives on "The Promised Land", her 42-acre (170,000 m2) estate with ocean and mountain views in Montecito, California. Winfrey also owns a house in Lavallette, New Jersey; an apartment in Chicago; an estate on Fisher Island, Florida; a ski house in Telluride, Colorado; and property on Maui, Hawaii and Antigua. Her base during filming of Winfrey's show is Chicago, so she spends time in the neighborhood of Streeterville.
Romantic history.
A self-described promiscuous teen who was a victim of sexual abuse, Winfrey gave birth at the age of 14 to a boy who died shortly after.
Winfrey's high school sweetheart Anthony Otey recalled an innocent courtship that began in Winfrey's senior year of high school, from which he saved hundreds of love notes; Winfrey conducted herself with dignity and as a model student. The two spoke of getting married, but Otey claimed to have always secretly known that Winfrey was destined for a far greater life than he could ever provide. She broke up with him on Valentine's Day of her senior year.
In 1971, several months after breaking up with Otey, Winfrey met William "Bubba" Taylor at Tennessee State University. According to CBS journalist George Mair, Taylor was Winfrey's "first intense, to die for love affair". Winfrey helped get Taylor a job at WVOL, and according to Mair, "did everything to keep him, including literally begging him on her knees to stay with her." Taylor, however, was unwilling to leave Nashville with Winfrey when she moved to Baltimore to work at WJZ-TV in June 1976. "We really did care for each other", Winfrey would later recall. "We shared a deep love. A love I will never forget."
In the 1970s, Winfrey had a romantic relationship with John Tesh. Biographer Kitty Kelley claims that Tesh split with Winfrey over the pressure of having an interracial relationship.
When WJZ-TV management criticized Winfrey for crying on the air while reporting tragedies and were unhappy with her physical appearance (especially when her hair fell out as the result of a bad perm), Winfrey turned to reporter Lloyd Kramer for comfort. "Lloyd was just the best", Winfrey would later recall. "That man loved me even when I was bald! He was wonderful. He stuck with me through the whole demoralizing experience. That man was the most fun romance I ever had."
According to Mair, when Kramer moved to NBC in New York, Winfrey had a love affair with a married man who had no intention of leaving his wife. Winfrey would later recall: "I'd had a relationship with a man for four years. I wasn't living with him. I'd never lived with anyone—and I thought I was worthless without him. The more he rejected me, the more I wanted him. I felt depleted, powerless. At the end I was down on the floor on my knees groveling and pleading with him". Winfrey became so depressed that on September 8, 1981, she wrote a suicide note to best friend Gayle King instructing King to water her plants. "That suicide note had been much overplayed" Winfrey told "Ms." magazine. "I couldn't kill myself. I would be afraid the minute I did it; something really good would happen and I'd miss it."
According to Winfrey, her emotional turmoil gradually led to a weight problem: "The reason I gained so much weight in the first place and the reason I had such a sorry history of abusive relationships with men was I just needed approval so much. I needed everyone to like me, because I didn't like myself much. So I'd end up with these cruel self-absorbed guys who'd tell me how selfish I was, and I'd say 'Oh thank you, you're so right' and be grateful to them. Because I had no sense that I deserved anything else. Which is also why I gained so much weight later on. It was the perfect way of cushioning myself against the world's disapproval."
Winfrey later confessed to smoking crack cocaine with a man she was romantically involved with during the same era. She explained on her show: "I always felt that the drug itself is not the problem but that I was addicted to the man." She added: "I can't think of anything I wouldn't have done for that man."
Winfrey was allegedly involved in a second drug-related love affair. Self-proclaimed former boyfriend Randoph Cook said they lived together for several months in 1985 and did drugs. In 1997, Cook tried to sue Winfrey for $20 million for allegedly blocking a tell-all book about their alleged relationship.
Also, in the mid-1980s, Winfrey briefly dated movie critic Roger Ebert, whom she credits with advising her to take her show into syndication.
In 1985, before Winfrey's Chicago talk show had gone national, Haitian filmmaker Reginald Chevalier claims he appeared as a guest on a look-alike segment and began a relationship with Winfrey involving romantic evenings at home, candlelit baths, and dinners with Michael Jordan and Danny Glover. Chevalier says Winfrey ended the relationship when she met Stedman Graham.
Winfrey and her boyfriend Stedman Graham have been together since 1986. They were engaged to be married in November 1992, but the ceremony never took place.
Close friends.
Winfrey's best friend since their early twenties is Gayle King. King was formerly the host of "The Gayle King Show" and is currently an editor of "O, the Oprah Magazine". Since 1997, when Winfrey played the therapist on an episode of the sitcom "Ellen" in which Ellen DeGeneres came out of the closet, Winfrey and King have been the target of persistent rumors that they were gay. "I understand why people think we're gay", Winfrey says in the August 2006 issue of "O" magazine. "There isn't a definition in our culture for this kind of bond between women. So I get why people have to label it—how can you be this close without it being sexual?" "I've told nearly everything there is to tell. All my stuff is out there. People think I'd be so ashamed of being gay that I wouldn't admit it? Oh, please."
Winfrey has also had a long friendship with Maria Shriver after they met in Baltimore. Winfrey considers Maya Angelou, author of "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings", her mentor and close friend; she calls Angelou her "mother-sister-friend" Winfrey hosted a week-long Caribbean cruise for Angelou and 150 guests for Angelou's 70th birthday in 1998, and in 2008, threw her "an extravagant 80th birthday celebration" at Donald Trump's Mar-A-Lago club in Palm Beach, Florida.
Personal wealth.
Born in rural poverty, then raised by a mother on welfare in a poor urban neighborhood, Winfrey became a millionaire at age 32 when her talk show went national. Winfrey was in a position to negotiate ownership of the show and start her own production company because of the success and the amount of revenue the show generated. At age 41, Winfrey had a net worth of $340 million and replaced Bill Cosby as the only African American on the Forbes 400. With a 2000 net worth of $800 million, Winfrey is believed to be the richest African American of the 20th century. Owing to her status as a historical figure, Professor Juliet E.K. Walker of the University of Illinois created the course "History 298: Oprah Winfrey, the Tycoon." Winfrey was the highest paid TV entertainer in the United States in 2006, earning an estimated $260 million during the year, five times the sum earned by second-place music executive Simon Cowell. By 2008, her yearly income had increased to $275 million.
Forbes' international rich list has listed Winfrey as the world's only black billionaire from 2004 to 2006 and as the first black woman billionaire in world history. As of 2014 Winfrey has a net worth in excess of 2.9 billion dollars and has overtaken former eBay CEO Meg Whitman as the richest self-made woman in America.
Influence.
Rankings.
Winfrey was called "arguably the world's most powerful woman" by CNN and Time.com, "arguably the most influential woman in the world" by "The American Spectator", "" and "one of the most influential people" from 2004 to 2011 by "TIME". Winfrey is the only person in the world to have appeared in the latter list on all eight occasions.
At the end of the 20th century "Life" listed Winfrey as both the most influential woman and the most influential black person of her generation, and in a cover-story profile the magazine called her "America's most powerful woman". In 2007, "USA Today" ranked Winfrey as the most influential woman and most influential black person of the previous quarter-century. "Ladies Home Journal" also ranked Winfrey number one in their list of the most powerful women in America and senator Barack Obama has said she "may be the most influential woman in the country". In 1998 Winfrey became the first woman and first African American to top "Entertainment Weekly"'s list of the 101 most powerful people in the entertainment industry. "Forbes" named her the world's most powerful celebrity in 2005, 2007, 2008, 2010 and 2013. In 2010, "Life" magazine named Winfrey one of the 100 people who changed the world, alongside such luminaries as Jesus Christ, Elvis Presley and Lady Mary Wortley Montagu. Winfrey was the only living woman to make the list.
Columnist Maureen Dowd seems to agree with such assessments: "She is the top alpha female in this country. She has more credibility than the president. Other successful women, such as Hillary Clinton and Martha Stewart, had to be publicly slapped down before they could move forward. Even Condi has had to play the protegé with Bush. None of this happened to Oprah – she is a straight ahead success story. "Vanity Fair" wrote: "Oprah Winfrey arguably has more influence on the culture than any university president, politician, or religious leader, except perhaps the Pope. Bill O'Reilly said: "this is a woman that came from nothing to rise up to be the most powerful woman, I think, in the world. I think Oprah Winfrey is the most powerful woman in the world, not just in America. That's – anybody who goes on her program immediately benefits through the roof. I mean, she has a loyal following; she has credibility; she has talent; and she's done it on her own to become fabulously wealthy and fabulously powerful."
In 2005, Winfrey was named the greatest woman in American history as part of a public poll as part of "The Greatest American". She was ranked No. 9 overall on the list of greatest Americans. However polls estimating Winfrey's personal popularity have been inconsistent. A November 2003 Gallup poll estimated that 73% of American adults had a favorable view of Winfrey. Another Gallup poll in January 2007 estimated the figure at 74%, although it dropped to 66% when Gallup conducted the same poll in October 2007. A December 2007 Fox News poll put the figure at 55%. According to Gallup's annual most admired poll, Americans consistently rank Winfrey as one of the most admired women in the world. Her highest rating came in 2007, when she was statistically tied with Hillary Clinton for first place. In a list compiled by the British magazine "New Statesman" in September 2010, she was voted 38th in the list of "The World's 50 Most Influential Figures 2010".
"Oprahfication".
"The Wall Street Journal" coined the term "Oprahfication", meaning public confession as a form of therapy. By confessing intimate details about her weight problems, tumultuous love life, and sexual abuse, and crying alongside her guests, "Time" magazine credits Winfrey with creating a new form of media communication known as "rapport talk" as distinguished from the "report talk" of Phil Donahue: "Winfrey saw television's power to blend public and private; while it links strangers and conveys information over public airwaves, TV is most often viewed in the privacy of our homes. Like a family member, it sits down to meals with us and talks to us in the lonely afternoons. Grasping this paradox, ...She makes people care because she cares. That is Winfrey's genius, and will be her legacy, as the changes she has wrought in the talk show continue to permeate our culture and shape our lives."
Observers have also noted the "Oprahfication" of politics such as "Oprah-style debates" and Bill Clinton being described as "the man who brought Oprah-style psychobabble and misty confessions to politics." "Newsweek" stated: "Every time a politician lets his lip quiver or a cable anchor 'emotes' on TV, they nod to the cult of confession that Oprah helped create. Winfrey's disclosures about her weight (which peaked at 108 kg (238 lb)) also paved the way for other plus-sized women in media such as Roseanne Barr, Rosie O'Donnell and Star Jones. The November 1988 "Ms." observed that "in a society where fat is taboo, she made it in a medium that worships thin and celebrates a bland, white-bread prettiness of body and personality [...] But Winfrey made fat sexy, elegant – damned near gorgeous – with her drop-dead wardrobe, easy body language, and cheerful sensuality."
Mainstream acceptance of gays.
While Phil Donahue has been credited with pioneering the tabloid talk show genre, Winfrey's warmth, intimacy and personal confession popularized and changed it. Her success at popularizing of the tabloid talk show genre had opened up a thriving industry that has included "Ricki Lake", "The Jenny Jones Show", and "The Jerry Springer Show". Sociologists such as Vicki Abt criticized tabloid talk shows for redefining social norms. In her book "Coming After Oprah: Cultural Fallout in the Age of the TV talk show", Abt warned that the media revolution that followed Winfrey's success was blurring the lines between "normal" and "deviant" behavior. In the book "Freaks Talk Back", Yale sociology professor Joshua Gamson credits the tabloid talk show genre with providing much needed high impact media visibility for gay, bisexual, transsexual, and transgender (LGBT) people and doing more to make them mainstream and socially acceptable than any other development of the 20th century. In the book's editorial review Michael Bronski wrote, "In the recent past, lesbians, gay men, bisexuals, and transgendered people had almost no presence on television. With the invention and propagation of tabloid talk shows such as "Jerry Springer", "Jenny Jones", "Oprah", and "Geraldo", people outside the sexual mainstream now appear in living rooms across America almost every day of the week." Gamson credits the tabloid talk show with making alternative sexual orientations and identities more acceptable in mainstream society. Examples include a "Time" magazine article describing early 21st century gays coming out of the closet younger and younger and gay suicide rates plummeting. Gamson also believes that tabloid talk shows caused gays to be embraced on more traditional forms of media. Examples include sitcoms like "Will & Grace", primetime shows like "Queer Eye for the Straight Guy" and Oscar nominated feature films like "Boys Don't Cry" and "Brokeback Mountain".
During a show in 1988, members of the studio audience stood up one by one, gave their name and announced that they were gay in observance of National Coming Out Day. Also in the 1980s Winfrey took her show to West Virginia to confront a town gripped by AIDS paranoia because a gay man living in the town had HIV. Winfrey interviewed the man who had become a social outcast and the town's mayor who drained a swimming pool in which the man had gone swimming, and debated with the town's hostile residents. "But I hear this is a God fearing town", Winfrey scolded the homophobic studio audience; "where's all that Christian love and understanding?" During a show on gay marriage in the 1990s, a woman in Winfrey's audience stood up to complain that gays were constantly flaunting their sex lives and she announced that she was tired of it. "You know what I'm tired of", replied Winfrey, "heterosexual males raping and sodomizing young girls. That's what I'm tired of." Her rebuttal inspired a screaming standing ovation from that show's studio audience.
Winfrey promotes openly gay celebrities on her show, such as her hairdresser Andre Walker, makeup artist Reggie Wells, and decorator Nate Berkus, who inspired an outpouring of sympathy from middle America after grieving the loss of his partner in the 2004 tsunami on the show. In April 1997, Winfrey played the therapist in "The Puppy Episode" on the sitcom "Ellen" to whom the character (and the real-life Ellen DeGeneres) said she was a lesbian. In 1998, Mark Steyn in the "National Review" wrote of Winfrey, "Today, no truly epochal moment in the history of the Republic occurs unless it is validated by her presence. When Ellen said, 'Yep! I'm gay,' Oprah was by her side, guesting on the sitcom as (what else?) the star's therapist."
"The Oprah Effect".
The power of Winfrey's opinions and endorsement to influence public opinion, especially consumer purchasing choices, has been dubbed "The Oprah Effect". The effect has been documented or alleged in domains as diverse as book sales, beef markets, and election voting. Late in 1996, Winfrey introduced the Oprah's Book Club segment to her television show. The segment focused on new books and classics and often brought obscure novels to popular attention. The book club became such a powerful force that whenever Winfrey introduced a new book as her book-club selection, it instantly became a best-seller; for example, when she selected the classic John Steinbeck novel "East of Eden", it soared to the top of the book charts. Being recognized by Winfrey often means a million additional book sales for an author. In "Reading with Oprah: The Book Club that Changed America" (2005), Kathleen Rooney describes Winfrey as "a serious American intellectual who pioneered the use of electronic media, specifically television and the Internet, to take reading – a decidedly non-technological and highly individual act – and highlight its social elements and uses in such a way to motivate millions of erstwhile non-readers to pick up books."
When author Jonathan Franzen's book was selected for the Book Club, he reportedly "cringed" and said selected books tend to be "schmaltzy". After James Frey's "A Million Little Pieces" was found to contain fabrications in 2006, Winfrey confronted him on her show over the breach of trust. In 2009, Winfrey apologized to Frey for the public confrontation. During a show about mad cow disease with Howard Lyman (aired on April 16, 1996), Winfrey said she was stopped cold from eating another burger. Texas cattlemen sued her and Lyman in early 1998 for "false defamation of perishable food" and "business disparagement", claiming that Winfrey's remarks sent cattle prices tumbling, costing beef producers $11 million. On February 26, after a two-month trial in an Amarillo, Texas court, a jury found Winfrey and Lyman were not liable for damages. During the lawsuit, Winfrey hired Phil McGraw's company Courtroom Sciences, Inc. to help her analyze and read the jury. McGraw made such an impression on Winfrey that she invited him to appear on her show. He accepted the invitation and appeared regularly on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" before launching his own show, "Dr. Phil", created in 2002 by Winfrey's production company, Harpo Productions, in partnership with CBS Paramount, which produced the show. Winfrey's ability to launch other successful talk shows such as Dr. Phil, Dr. Oz and Rachael Ray has also been cited as examples of "The Oprah Effect".
Winfrey endorsed presidential candidate Barack Obama in the 2008 presidential election, the first time she endorsed a political candidate running for office. Winfrey held a fundraiser for Obama on September 8, 2007, at her Santa Barbara estate. In December 2007, Winfrey joined Obama for a series of rallies in the early primary states of Iowa, New Hampshire, and South Carolina. The Columbia, South Carolina event on December 9, 2007, drew a crowd of nearly 30,000, the largest for any political event of 2007. An analysis by two economists at the University of Maryland, College Park estimated that Winfrey's endorsement was responsible for between 420,000 and 1,600,000 votes for Obama in the Democratic primary alone, based on a sample of states that did not include Texas, Michigan, North Dakota, Kansas, or Alaska. The results suggest that in the sampled states, Winfrey's endorsement was responsible for the difference in the popular vote between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. The governor of Illinois, Rod Blagojevich, reported being so impressed by Winfrey's endorsement that he considered offering Winfrey Obama's vacant senate seat describing Winfrey as "the most instrumental person in electing Barack Obama president", with "a voice larger than all 100 senators combined". Winfrey responded by stating that although she was absolutely not interested, she did feel she could be a senator.
Spiritual leadership.
In 2000, she was awarded the Spingarn Medal from the NAACP.
In 2002, "Christianity Today" published an article called "The Church of O" in which they concluded that Winfrey had emerged as an influential spiritual leader. "Since 1994, when she abandoned traditional talk-show fare for more edifying content, and 1998, when she began 'Change Your Life TV', Oprah's most significant role has become that of spiritual leader. To her audience of more than 22 million mostly female viewers, she has become a post-modern priestess—an icon of church-free spirituality." The sentiment was echoed by Marcia Z. Nelson in her book "The Gospel According to Oprah". Since the mid-1990s, Winfrey's show has emphasized uplifting and inspirational topics and themes and some viewers say the show has motivated them to perform acts of altruism such as helping Congolese women and building an orphanage. A scientific study by psychological scientists at the University of Cambridge, University of Plymouth, and University of California used an uplifting clip from The Oprah Winfrey Show in an experiment that discovered that watching the 'uplifting' clip caused subjects to become twice as helpful as subjects assigned to watch a British comedy or nature documentary.
On the season premier of Winfrey's 13th season Roseanne Barr told Winfrey "you're the African Mother Goddess of us all" inspiring much enthusiasm from the studio audience. The animated series "Futurama" alluded to her spiritual influence by suggesting that "Oprahism" is a mainstream religion in 3000 AD. Twelve days after the September 11 attacks, New York mayor Rudy Giuliani asked Winfrey to serve as host of a Prayer for America service at New York city's Yankee Stadium which was attended by former president Bill Clinton and New York senator Hillary Clinton. Leading up to the U.S.-led 2001 invasion of Afghanistan, less than a month after the September 11 attacks Winfrey aired a controversial show called "Islam 101" in which she portrayed Islam as a religion of peace, calling it "the most misunderstood of the three major religions". In 2002, George W. Bush invited Winfrey to join a US delegation that included adviser Karen Hughes and Condoleezza Rice, planning to go to Afghanistan to celebrate the return of Afghan girls to school. The 'Oprah strategy' was designed to portray the War on Terror in a positive light, however when Winfrey refused to participate, the trip was postponed.
Leading up to the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, Winfrey's show received criticism for allegedly having an anti-war bias. Ben Shapiro of Townhall.com wrote: "Oprah Winfrey is the most powerful woman in America. She decides what makes the "New York Times" best-seller lists. Her touchy-feely style sucks in audiences at the rate of 14 million viewers per day. But Oprah is far more than a cultural force, she's a dangerous political force as well, a woman with unpredictable and mercurial attitudes toward the major issues of the day." In 2006, Winfrey recalled such controversies: "I once did a show titled "Is War the Only Answer?" In the history of my career, I've never received more hate mail – like 'Go back to Africa' hate mail. I was accused of being un-American for even raising the question." Liberal filmmaker Michael Moore came to Winfrey's defence, praising her for showing antiwar footage no other media would show and begging her to run for president. A February 2003 series, in which Winfrey showed clips from people all over the world asking America not to go to war, was interrupted in several east coast markets by network broadcasts of a press conference in which President George W. Bush and Colin Powell summarized the case for war.
In 2007, Winfrey began to endorse the self-help program "The Secret". "The Secret" claims that people can change their lives through positive thoughts or 'vibrations', which will then cause them to attract more positive vibrations that result in good things happening to them. Peter Birkenhead of "Salon" magazine argued that this idea is pseudoscience and psychologically damaging, as it trivializes important decisions and promotes a quick-fix material culture, and suggest Winfrey's promotion of it is irresponsible given her influence. In 2007, skeptic and magician James Randi accused Winfrey of being deliberately deceptive and uncritical in how she handles paranormal claims on her show. In 2008, Winfrey endorsed author and spiritual teacher Eckhart Tolle and his book, "A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose", which sold several million extra copies after being selected for her book club. During a Webinar class, in which she promoted the book, Winfrey stated "God is a feeling experience and not a believing experience. If your religion is a believing experience [...] then that's not truly God." Frank Pastore, a Christian radio talk show host on KKLA, was among the many Christian leaders who criticized Winfrey's views, saying "if she's a Christian, she's an ignorant one, because Christianity is incompatible with New Age thought."
Winfrey was named as the 2008 Person of the Year by animal-rights group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) for using her fame and listening audience to help the less fortunate, including animals. PETA praised Winfrey for using her talk show to uncover horrific cases of cruelty to animals in puppy mills and on factory farms, and Winfrey even used the show to highlight the cruelty-free vegan diet that she tried. Winfrey also refuses to wear fur or feature it in her magazine.
In 2009 Winfrey filmed a series of interviews in Denmark highlighting its citizens as the happiest people in the world. In 2010, Bill O'Reilly of Fox News criticized these shows for promoting a left-wing society.
On using the N-word, Winfrey said, "You cannot be my friend and use that word around me. ... I always think of the millions of people who heard that as their last word as they were hanging from a tree."
Fan base.
The viewership for "The Oprah Winfrey Show" was highest during the 1991–92 season, when about 13.1 million U.S. viewers were watching each day. By 2003, ratings declined to 7.4 million daily viewers. Ratings briefly rebounded to approximately 9 million in 2005 and then declined again to around 7.3 million viewers in 2008, though it remained the highest rated talk show.
In 2008, Winfrey's show was airing in 140 countries internationally and seen by an estimated 46 million people in the US weekly. According to the Harris poll, Winfrey was America's favorite television personality in 1998, 2000, 2002–06, and 2009. Winfrey was especially popular among women, Democrats, political moderates, Baby Boomers, Generation X, Southern Americans and East Coast Americans.
Outside the U.S., Winfrey has become increasingly popular in the Arab world. The "Wall Street Journal" reported in 2007 that MBC 4, an Arab satellite channel, centered its entire programming around reruns of her show because it was drawing record numbers of female viewers in Saudi Arabia. In 2008, "The New York Times" reported that "The Oprah Winfrey Show", with Arabic subtitles, was broadcast twice each weekday on MBC 4. Winfrey's modest dress, combined with her attitude of triumph over adversity and abuse has caused some women in Saudi Arabia to idealize her.
Philanthropy.
In 2004, Winfrey became the first black person to rank among the 50 most generous Americans and she remained among the top 50 until 2010. By 2012 she had given away about $400 million to educational causes.
As of 2012, Winfrey had also given over 400 scholarships to Morehouse College in Atlanta, Georgia. Winfrey was the recipient of the first Bob Hope Humanitarian Award at the 2002 Emmy Awards for services to television and film. To celebrate two decades on national TV, and to thank her employees for their hard work, Winfrey took her staff and their families (1065 people in total) on vacation to Hawaii in the summer of 2006.
In 2013, Winfrey donated $12 million to the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture. President Barack Obama awarded her the Presidential Medal of Freedom later that same year.
Oprah's Angel Network.
In 1998, Winfrey created the Oprah's Angel Network, a charity that supported charitable projects and provided grants to nonprofit organizations around the world. Oprah's Angel Network raised more than $80,000,000 ($1 million of which was donated by Jon Bon Jovi). Winfrey personally covered all administrative costs associated with the charity, so 100% of all funds raised went to charity programs. The charity stopped accepting donations in May 2010 and was later dissolved.
In the wake of Hurricane Katrina, Oprah created the Oprah Angel Network Katrina registry which raised more than $11 million for relief efforts. Winfrey personally gave $10 million to the cause. Homes were built in Texas, Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama before the one-year anniversary of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita.
South Africa.
In 2004, Winfrey and her team filmed an episode of her show, "Oprah's Christmas Kindness ", in which Winfrey travelled to South Africa to bring attention to the plight of young children affected by poverty and AIDS. During the 21-day trip, Winfrey and her crew visited schools and orphanages in poverty-stricken areas, and distributed Christmas presents to 50,000 children, with dolls for the girls and soccer balls for the boys, and school supplies. Throughout the show, Winfrey appealed to viewers to donate money to Oprah's Angel Network for poor and AIDS-affected children in Africa. From that show alone, viewers around the world donated over $7,000,000. Winfrey invested $40 million and some of her time establishing the Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls in Henley on Klip south of Johannesburg, South Africa. The school set over 22 acres, opened in January 2007 with an enrollment of 150 pupils (increasing to 450) and features state-of-the-art classrooms, computer and science laboratories, a library, theatre and beauty salon. Nelson Mandela praised Winfrey for overcoming her own disadvantaged youth to become a benefactor for others. Critics considered the school elitist and unnecessarily luxurious. Winfrey rejected the claims, saying: "If you are surrounded by beautiful things and wonderful teachers who inspire you, that beauty brings out the beauty in you." Winfrey, who has no surviving biological children, described maternal feelings towards the girls at Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls. Winfrey teaches a class at the school via satellite.

</doc>
<doc id="20395887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395887" title="Dual narrative">
Dual narrative

A dual narrative is a form of narrative that tells a story in two different perspectives, usually two different people. Dual narrative is also an effective technique that can be used to tell the story of people (or one person) at two different points in time (Postcards from No Man's Land, Great expectations).
It is used to show parallels or emphasise differences in the lifestyles or points-of-view of different places or time periods.

</doc>
<doc id="20395946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20395946" title="Scoutreach">
Scoutreach

The Scoutreach Division of the Boy Scouts of America emphasizes service to rural and urban areas and to minority populations. The African American Focus works with African American populations in partnerships with the NAACP, various African American churches and other groups. The Hispanic/Latino Focus includes the ¡Scouting – Vale La Pena! emphasis for Hispanic youth that provides Spanish language resources such as handbooks, training material, and videos. The Soccer and Scouting emphasis is a partnership with the National Soccer Coaches Association of America to provide alternatives for Cub Scout age Hispanic youth. The Asian American Focus reaches out to Indo-Chinese American, Vietnamese American, Chinese American, and Korean American communities. The Rural Scouting focus targets small communities and includes the American Indian Scouting Association in partnership with the Girl Scouts of the USA.
In 2004, the Scoutreach division launched the Scouting and Soccer program with an emphasis on outreach to Hispanic/Latino youth and families.
History.
Protests over the inclusion of African Americans arose early in the program. When W.D. Boyce departed the organization, he turned the Boy Scout corporation over to the members of the Executive Board with the stipulation that the Boy Scouts would not discriminate on the basis of race or creed. The BSA accepted Boyce's condition, yet by the 1914 Annual Meeting, it adopted a policy allowing local councils to deny membership to African Americans. One segregated council (Old Hickory Council, North Carolina) completed its integration plans in 1974, merging two white districts and one black district ten years after the passage of the federal civil rights act.
The BSA began expanding the Negro Scouting program: by 1927 thirty-two communities in the south had "colored troops", with twenty-six troops in Louisville, Kentucky. However, during its first fifty years, the BSA struggled with minority communities because they were not seen as a source of strong membership. At the end of the 1960s, the national leadership saw the underserved communities, primarily in urban areas, and created their new "Urban Emphasis." The BSA's modernization and new "urban emphasis" was consistent with similar trends in Scouting all over the world starting in the 1960s. Much of these changes could be seen in the 8th Edition of the Boy Scout Handbook used from 1972 - 79. The Urban Emphasis program was the forerunner of today's "Scoutreach."
Since the adoption of the 1914 racial policy, the African American community has struggled to allow African Americans to join the BSA and then endured segregated facilities and programs. Even after the Brown decision in 1954 and the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the BSA refused to reject its 1914 racial policy. It was a NAACP 1974 lawsuit against the LDS and the BSA which finally forced the BSA to issue a non-discrimination policy on the basis of race.. Scoutreach is an effort to help overcome past problems in the program.

</doc>
<doc id="20396001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396001" title="Boris Leven">
Boris Leven

Boris Leven (August 13, 1908 - October 11, 1986) was a Russian-born Academy Award-winning art director and production designer whose Hollywood career spanned fifty-three years.
Born in Moscow, Leven emigrated to the United States in 1927 and became a naturalized citizen in 1938. After receiving a Bachelor of Arts in architecture from the University of Southern California, he attended the Beaux-Arts Institute of Design in New York City.
Leven began his film career as a sketch artist at Paramount Pictures in 1933 and moved to 20th Century Fox three years later. His first screen credit was as the art director for "Alexander's Ragtime Band" (1938), which garnered him the first of nine Oscar nominations.
The designs Leven created over the years ranged from realistic to highly stylistic. For "Giant" (1956), he constructed the Victorian home that sits isolated in a wide expanse of open field, which became an iconic image for the film. His work for "West Side Story" (1961), which won him the Academy Award for Best Color Art Direction, included actual New York City locations combined with a tenement rooftop and fire escape, inspired by the more abstract stage production, that were built on a soundstage. For "New York, New York" (1977), he created a fantasized version of Manhattan set in the 1940s.
As an art director, Leven contributed to "The Flying Deuces" (1939), "Hello Frisco, Hello" (1943), "Invaders from Mars" (1953), "The Silver Chalice" (1954), and "Jonathan Livingston Seagull" (1973), among others. His credits as production designer include "Donovan's Brain" (1953), "Anatomy of a Murder" (1959), "Two for the Seesaw" (1962), "The Sand Pebbles" (1966), "The Sound of Music" (1965), "Star!" (1968), "The Andromeda Strain" (1971), "Mandingo" (1975), "The Last Waltz" (1978), "The King of Comedy" (1982), "Fletch" (1985) and "The Color of Money" (1986).
Leven wed Vera Glooshkoff on February 8, 1946. He died in Los Angeles, California. Mrs. Leven died at the age of 101 in June 2011. Prior to her death she had passed several of Boris Leven's paintings and film drawings to the University of Southern California and New York's MOMA.

</doc>
<doc id="20396008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396008" title="The Word (1953 film)">
The Word (1953 film)

The Word is a 1953 American short documentary film produced by John Adams. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20396033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396033" title="449th Expeditionary Flying Training Squadron">
449th Expeditionary Flying Training Squadron

The 449th Expeditionary Flying Training Squadron (449 EFTS) is a provisional United States Air Force unit assigned to the 322d Air Expeditionary Group. In 2008 it was converted to an expeditionary unit on provisional status for activation by Air Combat Command any time after 28 October 2008. Its current status is undetermined.
The squadron most recently was assigned to the 323d Flying Training Wing based at Mather Air Force Base, California. It operated T-37 Tweet and T-43 Bobcat aircraft conducting flight training for members of the United States military and foreign allies.
History.
Established as a B-26 Marauder medium bomber squadron in mid-1942; trained under Third Air Force in Florida. Deployed to European Theater of Operations (ETO), being assigned to VIII Bomber Command 3d Bombardment Wing in England. Engaged in attacks on enemy targets in France and the Low Countries; being reassigned to IX Bomber Command in 1943 with the establishment of Ninth Air Force in England. Also supported VIII Bomber Command strategic bombardment raids in Occupied Europe and Nazi Germany, attacking enemy airfields to disrupt interceptor attacks on heavy bomber formations and destroy enemy interceptor aircraft on the ground before they could be launched.
After D-Day deployed to Advanced Landing Grounds in France and later Belgium. Provided tactical air support and bombardment of enemy strong points and military targets to disrupt resistance to Allied ground forces advancing from the French invasion beaches and the ensuing offensives on the continent; 1944-1945. Attacked enemy forces as part of the Western Allied invasion of Germany, 1945 and continued offensive tactical operations in support of ground forces until German capitulation in May 1945.
Became part of the United States Air Forces in Europe army of occupation in Germany during 1945. Demobilized in place and personnel returned to the United States in the fall of 1945; squadron inactivated as a paper unit in December 1945.
Reactivated as a reserve air training command squadron; assigned and performed advanced flight training for air cadets, 1947-1949. Inactivated due to funding restrictions. Reactivated in 1972 as an Air Training Command navigator training squadron. It conducted undergraduate navigator training for USAF, United States Navy, United States Marine Corps, and United States allies from, 1973-1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20396076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396076" title="A Lady of Chance">
A Lady of Chance

A Lady of Chance is a 1928 silent film directed by Robert Z. Leonard. The film is based upon the story "Little Angel" by Leroy Scott and is Norma Shearer's last silent film. Although the film was released with added dialogue scenes, Shearer can't be heard. 
Plot.
Dolly "Angel Face" Morgan is a parolee out to fleece any wealthy man who is taken in by her looks. She is recognized by two fellow con artists, Gwen and Brad. Since she needs some help, she allows them to help "pull a job," shaking down a wealthy man for $10,000 after her outraged "husband" (Brad) breaks in and finds them in a compromising situation. But when Gwen and Brad try to cheat Dolly out of her share, by claiming that their victim stopped payment on his check, no money to split, Dolly takes all of the money and makes a quick getaway. Brad, outraged, vows that she has made the worst mistake of her life. 
Soon after, Dolly meets a young man named Steve Crandall in Atlantic City for a cement convention. Believing that he is a wealthy plantation owner, she flirts with him. When he proposes they get married that very night, Dolly is shocked, but accepts. She is packing to leave with Steve when Brad shows up, demanding his share of the $10,000. Once again, Dolly uses her wits to make a quick getaway.
Dolly and Steve take the train south to his home town. There Dolly is rudely surprised to discover that Steve is far from rich, nor does he own a plantation (though he lives next door to one). He is certain his invention, Enduro cement, will make his fortune, but his new wife is not so sure. Dolly has grown fond of Steve, but tells him how disappointed she is. That evening, she boards a train for New York. The next morning, however, Steve returns to his room to find Dolly curled up in a chair. She is in love with him and has decided to reform, though she keeps her past a secret.
Brad and Gwen track her down, certain she has landed yet another rich sucker. They are surprised to find her living in modest circumstances. Dolly tells them that she has fallen for a poor man, but they do not believe her. To get rid of them, she gives them the $10,000. However, Steve receives a telegram informing him that a company has bought his cement formula for $100,000. Overjoyed, he rushes home and tells Dolly, his mother, and "cousin" Brad and Gwen.
Brad and Gwen blackmail Dolly into a scheme to part Steve from his new-found riches. Brad offers to put Steve and Dolly up at his suite when they have to go to New York. Just as Steve is about to sign Brad's contract, Dolly cannot take it anymore. She telephones the police, then tells Steve that the contract is nothing but a scam; she then confesses to Steve that she herself is a crook and that she only married him in order to fleece him of his fortune. Steve is devastated.
The cops show up and take her away. Steve begs Dolly to eventually come back to him, but she says no, that he would be better off without her. Dolly is taken to prison. Steve, however, manages to get the warden to parole her into his custody.

</doc>
<doc id="20396124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396124" title="Jet Carrier">
Jet Carrier

Jet Carrier is a 1954 American short documentary film produced by Otto Lang. It was nominated for two Academy Awards, one for Best Documentary Short and the other for Best Two-Reel Short. 
It was filmed aboard the aircraft carrier USS "Yorktown."

</doc>
<doc id="20396167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396167" title="331st Fighter-Interceptor Squadron">
331st Fighter-Interceptor Squadron

The 331st Fighter-Interceptor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with Air Defense Command at Webb Air Force Base, Texas, where it was inactivated on 1 March 1967.
During World War II the squadron was a Lockheed P-38 Lightning replacement training unit on the west coast of the United States. It performed this mission until it was disbanded in 1944 in a major reorganization of Army Air Forces training and support units.
The squadron was reactivated in 1953 as part of the expansion on air defenses and served in this role from bases in New York until 1958, when it moved to Texas. In Texas it assumed the additional mission of combat crew training for Lockheed F-104 Starfighter pilots.
History.
World War II.
The squadron was first activated in 1942 as the 331st Fighter Squadron, one of the three original squadrons of the 329th Fighter Group. The squadron served under IV Fighter Command as a Lockheed P-38 Lightning Replacement Training Unit. Replacement training units were oversized units which trained aircrews prior to their deployment to combat theaters. It trained P-38 pilots in California and Washington State. However, the Army Air Forces found that standard military units, based on relatively inflexible tables of organization were proving less well adapted to the training mission. Accordingly a more functional system was adopted in which each base was organized into a separate numbered unit. This resulted in the 331st, along with other units at Ellensburg Army Airfield, being disbanded in the spring of 1944 and replaced by an Army Air Forces Base Unit.
Cold War Air Defense.
The 331st was reconstituted as the 331st Fighter-Interceptor Squadron and activated in 1953 at Suffolk County Air Force Base as an Air Defense Command (ADC) interceptor squadron. The squadron was initially equipped with radar equipped and HVAR rocket armed F-86D Sabre. In the summer of 1955 ADC implemented Project Arrow, which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units which had compiled memorable records in the two world wars. As part of this reorganization, the 331st's World War II headquarters, the 329th Fighter Group, was reactivated at Stewart Air Force Base. The squadron moved to Stewart on paper, and assumed the mission, personnel and F-86D aircraft of the 539th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron. In December 1956, the squadron began to receive upgraded F-86L Sabres equipped with data link communications equipment to interface with the Semi Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) air defense system.
In 1958, the 331st returned to flying F-86Ds and moved to Webb AFB, Texas for air defense of south central United States. It reequipped with Convair F-102 Delta Daggers in 1960 and with Lockheed F-104 Starfighters in 1963. In addition to single-seat F-104As, the squadron received the two-seat, dual-control, combat trainer F-104B. The performance of the F-104B was almost identical to that of the F-104A, but the lower internal fuel capacity reduced its effective range considerably.
The F-104A was not very well suited for service as an interceptor. Its interception range was restricted and it was not compatibile with the SAGE system. The squadron continued to fly F-104s until it was inactivated in 1967 and its personnel and F-104s transferred to the 4760th Combat Crew Training Squadron, which became the F-104 training organization for Royal Jordanian Air Force F-104 pilots. The 4760th was discontinued on 1 October 1967 when the Jordanian pilots were recalled because of the war with Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="20396194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396194" title="Jack Chiang">
Jack Chiang

Jack Chiang, CM, O.Ont., M.A., LL.D. is a Canadian journalist and author.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Jack Chiang was born in Guangzhou, China, and grew up in Macau, Hong Kong and Taiwan. He graduated with a B.A. in Foreign Languages and Literature (French) from the National Taiwan University, and a master’s degree in journalism from Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Chiang was a journalist, editor, columnist and a newsroom manager for more than 25 years. He is currently a bilingual Justice of the Peace with the Ontario Court of Justice.
Chiang has received a Honorary Doctor of Laws degrees from both Queen’s University and the Royal Military College of Canada. He also has received an Honorary Diploma from St. Lawrence College. He speaks fluent Cantonese, Mandarin, English and French.
Career.
Chiang began his career as a court reporter for the Orillia Packet and Times daily. He was a member of the newsroom management team of the Kingston Whig-Standard daily newspaper between 1980 and 2007. Earlier in his career, he was sent on assignments in Pakistan, Afghanistan, Romania, Ethiopia, the Amazon River, the Caribbean Islands, England and other European and African countries.
His work has been featured in every major newspaper in Canada, as well as the International Herald-Tribune, the New York Times and the Moscow News. He has been interviewed by all three Canadian national TV networks, as well as CBC Radio One shows As It Happens, "Radio Noon" and "Ontario Morning".
Chiang was the city editor of the Kingston Whig-Standard from 1994-5 and 1998 as well as a daily columnist from 1995-2007. He joined the Ontario Court of Justice in May 2007.
Stunt Planes.
An aviation enthusiast, he has flown 15 times with some of the world’s top aerobatic-flying teams: the Snowbirds, the Smoke Squadron, the French Connection, the Northern Lights, the Ray Ban Gold Aerobatic Team and the Bill Carter aerobatics.
Volunteer Work.
Chiang was the chair or honorary chair of more than 50 successful charitable campaigns for such organizations as the United Way, the Boys and Girls Club, Kingston Literacy, the Alzheimer Society and the Salvation Army.
He was a member of the Board of Directors of both the Boys & Girls Clubs of Canada and the Boys & Girls Clubs of Ontario, and is a Governor of Kingston General Hospital.
Chiang is currently chair of the advisory committee of Immigrant Services Kingston-area (ISKA) and a member of the Board of Directors of L’Association française-canadienne de l’Ontario (AFCO) for the Thousand Islands region since June, 2010. He is a proud and active member of the local francophone community.
In 2008, he was chosen by Governor-General of Canada Michaëlle Jean to be one of the 20 national mentors who each guided one of Canada’s 20 most promising young people.
Awards.
Chiang has won more than 45 major awards, including the Order of Canada, the
Order of Ontario, Kingston’s Citizen of the Year, Government of Canada
International Year of Volunteers Medal, the Ontario Provincial Police
Commissioner’s Citation, the International Law Enforcement Award, the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal, the Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal, the Greater Kingston Chamber of Commerce President’s Award, the Salvation Army Honorary Life Member, the Salvation Army Timbrel Award, Outstanding Fundraiser (Association of Fundraising Professional, Southeastern Ontario), the United Way Builder Award, the National Public-speaking Champion
(of Taiwan) and five major university scholarships.
Published works.
He is also the co-author (with Lt-Col Peter Dawe) of "Truth, Duty, Valour, Canada’s Military Colleges".
Marriage and Children.
Chiang and his Quebec-born wife Cathy Lincoln-Chiang have four children: Adrian Coleman, Alastair Coleman, Jeffrey James Chiang and J. Christopher Chiang.

</doc>
<doc id="20396202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396202" title="French destroyer Léopard">
French destroyer Léopard

Léopard was a of the French Navy, commissioned in 1927. As one of the larger destroyers of her time, she was designed to escort convoys, large naval units, or serve as a light cruiser in remote sectors of the French Empire. She served during the Second World War, notably taking part in the Dunkirk evacuation, in convoy escorts from Great Britain, and was instrumental in the liberation of La Réunion. She was lost in 1943 near Tobruk.
Career.
"Léopard" was laid down on 14 August 1923 at the "Ateliers et Chantiers de la Loire" shipyard at Saint-Nazaire, launched on 29 September 1924, and commissioned on 15 November 1927.
Early stages of the war.
In May 1940, "Léopard", under "Capitaine de frégate" Loisel, constituted the 2nd Large Destroyer Division, along with "Épervier", "Fougueux" and "Frondeur". They served in a flotilla led by "Capitaine de vaisseau" Urvoy de Portzamparc, who flew his flag on "Cyclone", and which also comprised the "Chacal", "Bourrasque", "Orage", "Mistral" and "Sirocco". On 28 May, a special flotilla was constituted under the command of Admiral Marcel Landriau, with his flag on "Savorgnan de Brazza", comprising these ships and a number of smaller units.
On 31 May, "Léopard" supported operations of the Dunkirk evacuation and sustained damage from German bombing. She came under attack from German planes again on 2 June at 10:35, along with "Épervier". On 5 June, she was still supporting the ground forces of Dunkirk with "Épervier" and "Savorgnan de Brazza". 
On 17 June, she patrolled Cherbourg with the squadron of "Courbet", under Admiral Gaudin de Vilaine. On 19 June, the squadron sailed to Portsmouth. The ships were under repair there when Operation Catapult was triggered, on 3 July. "Léopard" was handed over to the Free French Naval Forces on 31 August. Her command was given to "Lieutenant de vaisseau" Jules Evenou, who went by the nom de guerre of "Jacques Richard". 
Local escort at Clyde.
In early 1941, "Léopard" served as a local escort, based at the Clyde. In this function, she would sail for a day or two with a departing convoy and provide protection in the Northern-Western Approaches before returning to Clyde. 
As such, she escorted convoy WS5B from 12 January 1941, leaving the convoy on 14 January and returning to Clyde with . On 25 January, she similarly escorted convoy WS7, returning the next day.
On 24 February 1941, "Léopard" rescued 39 survivors of a British cargo ship and hunted down a German submarine.
On 25 March 1941, she escorted convoy WS7.
In May 1942, "Léopard" was under repairs at Kingston upon Hull.
On 11 July 1942, at position 33.30N, 22.52W, as "Léopard" was part of the escort of Convoy OS33 bound for Freetown, HMS "Spey" spotted sailing surfaced. "Spey" gave chase and "U-136" dived, attacked by "Spey" 's depth charges and Hedgehog and sustaining damage which reduced her speed to 3 knots. "Léopard" and then joined in; "Léopard" made two 10-charge runs which sank "U-136" with all hands at 33.28N 23.28W.
The next day, on 12 July, "Léopard" collided with . She undertook a refit which lasted until March 1942.
Liberation of La Réunion.
In the night of 26 November 1942, "Léopard" sailed with 74 troops from Mauritius to La Réunion to claim the island for Free France. La Réunion was under authority of Governor Aubert, loyal to Vichy France. She arrived off Saint-Denis on 27 November at 23:00. 
Two launches were sent to search for a favourable landing spot, before the entire 60-man party landed. At 2:30, "Léopard" was sighted by lookouts, but the landing party was quickly in control of Saint-Denis, meeting little resistance from local troops. A new governor, André Capagorry, landed. Some confusion arose as both governors, Aubert and Capagorry, made conflicting statements. A 95 mm coastal battery defending Saint-Denis harbour, under Lieutenant Hugot, opened fire on "Léopard", while communist cells activated, taking control of the city hall, arresting the mayor and electing Léon de Lépervanche leader of a "Committee of Public Safety".
As the coastal battery proved impossible to storm for the communist and Gaullist rebels, "Léopard" retreated under fire. She then began pounding Pointe des Galets, while a sortie by Vichy loyalists was thwarted by small arms fire, severely wounding Hugot. The Vichists then retreated to Hell-Bourg, abandoning the battery, which allowed "Léopard" to enter the harbour. When the flag of the ship was known, Vichy forces refused to fight against fellow countrymen and engaged in negotiations, eventually surrendering on 30 November.
"Léopard" evacuated officials of the former regime to Mauritius to protect them against popular anger.
Patrols in the Indian Ocean.
On 4 January 1943, "Léopard" departed from Kilindini, bound for Tamatave where she arrived on 7 January. From there, she sailed to Diego Suarez, arriving the next day. On 9 January, she left again for Réunion, where she arrived on 11 January, making the passage to Mauritius the same day.
On 9 February, she departed Mauritius, bound for Réunion and Tamatave, but had to return on the next day with an engine failure. Having repaired, she sailed again on 11 February and arrived at Tamatave the next day. She returned to Mauritius again on 18 February, arriving on 21 February, and the next day sailed for Diego Suarez. On 25 February, she was at Mauritius again, leaving on 27 February and arriving at Réunion the same day.
On 24 April 1943, "Léopard" left Diego Suarez, bound for Djibouti and Suez. She arrived at Djibouti on 30 April.
Loss.
On 27 May 1943, "Léopard" accidentally ran aground near Tobruk. She was destroyed by the tides a few days later and became a total loss.

</doc>
<doc id="20396236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396236" title="Stephen Perryman">
Stephen Perryman

Stephen Peter Perryman (born 22 October 1955) is a former English cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket for Warwickshire and Worcestershire during the 1970s and 1980s.
Perryman caught the eye at the age of 17 in 1973, when he took 6/44 in 23 overs for Warwickshire Young Amateurs as they beat their Buckinghamshire counterparts in the Hilda Overy Trophy.
He had played for Warwickshire's Second XI before the year was out, and appeared several more times in early 1974 before making his first-class debut in early July against Cambridge University at Nuneaton; it proved to be rather a frustrating debut as he neither batted nor bowled in a game in which little play was possible.
That was his only first-team appearance of the season, although he did play for England Young Cricketers in two Youth Test matches against West Indies Young Cricketers a few weeks later.
In 1975, however, Perryman played a full part in the season, finishing with 49 first-class wickets at just over 30 and 22 List A victims at a little over 32. He did not play quite so often the following year, but nevertheless managed three five-wicket hauls in first-class innings. In 1977 he enjoyed a successful time in three-day cricket especially: his 73 first-class wickets were his highest season's aggregate,
and included 11 wickets against Middlesex in August.
"Wisden" was impressed, saying that he had "more than confirmed the promise of the previous season" and had continued "to mature in the Cartwright mould".
Perryman had another fairly successful summer in 1978, claiming exactly 50 first-class wickets. In the middle of June he took 12 wickets in the match against Lancashire,
and a little over two months later he recorded his career best when he took a match-winning second-innings 7/49 against Hampshire.
Earlier in the season he had also recorded his List A best, albeit against lesser opposition in the form of Minor Counties West in the Benson & Hedges Cup.
He took 51 first-class wickets in 1979, also claiming 26 List A victims (his most), but in 1980 he did not become a first-team regular until near the end of the season.
Perryman's 1981 season was not a successful one, as he averaged 43 in first-class cricket and 38 in the one-day game, his wicket totals roughly halving from 1980 in both forms of the game. At the end of the year he left Edgbaston and joined Worcestershire, where he played for two seasons. He did have some successes at his new county, such as the 6/49 he managed against Lancashire in August 1982,
but he could never quite establish himself as a true regular in the side, and in 1983 he was almost absent from one-day cricket, bowling just 13 overs and taking no wickets.
He played his final Worcestershire game, against Essex, in late August, rounding off his Warwickshire career with the single wicket of former West Indies Test player Norbert Phillip.
After that, Perryman was seen no more at first-class level, though he did appear several times for Staffordshire in 1988, playing one List A match for the minor county when he turned out against Surrey in the NatWest Trophy in June.

</doc>
<doc id="20396240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396240" title="Siege of Fort Mifflin">
Siege of Fort Mifflin

The Siege of Fort Mifflin or Siege of Mud Island Fort from September 26 to November 16, 1777 saw British land batteries commanded by Captain John Montresor and a British naval squadron under Vice Admiral Lord Richard Howe attempt to capture an American fort in the Delaware River commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Smith. The operation finally succeeded when the wounded Smith's successor, Major Simeon Thayer, evacuated the fort on the night of November 15 and the British occupied the place the following morning. Owing to a shift of the river, Fort Mifflin is currently located on the north bank of the Delaware adjacent to Philadelphia International Airport.
After General Sir William Howe's British-Hessian army occupied Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on September 26, 1777, it became necessary to supply his troops. Fort Mifflin on Mud Island in the middle of the Delaware and Fort Mercer at Red Bank, New Jersey, together with river obstructions and a small flotilla under Commodore John Hazelwood prevented the Royal Navy from shipping provisions into the city. With Philadelphia effectively blockaded by the Americans, the Howe brothers were forced to lay siege to Fort Mifflin in order to clear the river.
A Hessian attempt to storm Fort Mercer failed with heavy losses on October 22 in the Battle of Red Bank. Two British warships which had run aground near Mud Island were destroyed the next day.
Major General George Washington reinforced Fort Mifflin throughout the siege, but the garrison never numbered more than 500 men. After a few setbacks, the British finally assembled enough artillery and warships to bring Fort Mifflin under an intense bombardment beginning on November 10. No longer able to reply to the British bombardment, Thayer ordered the survivors to row across to New Jersey in the night and left the flag flying. Fort Mercer was abandoned soon afterward, opening the Delaware and permitting the British to hold Philadelphia until June 1778.
Background.
After the British defeated the American army at the Battle of Brandywine on September 11, 1777, Howe failed to follow up Washington's withdrawal to Chester, Pennsylvania. From that town on the Delaware, the Americans marched northeast through Darby to cross the Schuylkill River at the Middle Ferry. From the ferry, the army moved north to present-day East Falls and went into camp. For the next ten days, the two armies sparred while the British won the Battle of Paoli and several skirmishes. On the night of September 22, Howe outmaneuvered Washington and won an unopposed crossing of the Schuylkill near Valley Forge. On September 26, the British army occupied the rebel capital of Philadelphia. In the face of the British advance the Second Continental Congress fled first to Lancaster then to York, Pennsylvania.
During the summer of 1777, Philippe Charles Tronson du Coudray, a French artillery expert, arrived from France. Congress appointed him a major general and inspector general of ordnance, and Washington assigned him the task of strengthening Philadelphia's river defenses. His aristocratic airs soon irritated people. He began to quarrel with another French military engineer, Louis Lebègue Duportail, about how the defenses were to be prepared and even managed to anger Gilbert Motier, marquis de La Fayette. To the relief of many, Coudray drowned on September 16 after he foolishly rode his horse onto a Schuylkill ferry and the animal leaped into the river.
The Mud Island Fort was designed and begun by British engineer Captain John Montresor in 1771. The river front was shielded by a stone face, but then the work stopped due to a shortage of money. After the outbreak of war with Britain, the rest of the fort's defenses were completed with wooden palisades and earthen ramparts, despite the infighting among the French engineer officers. There were wooden barracks for the enlisted men along the west and north sides of the fort. Nearby was a two-story building to accommodate officers. According to one of the defending soldiers, a battery of 18-pound artillery pieces stood at the southeast end of Mud Island. On the southwest end, one 32-pound and four or five 12-pound and 18-pound cannons guarded the river. Three 12-pound guns covered the northwest end of the island. Another account states that ten 18-pound guns made up the main battery while each of the four blockhouses contained four cannons. A bristling set of sharpened logs surrounded the fort while the low ground along the shoreline was infested with "trous-de-loups" or wolf holes. Chevaux de frise prevented the British navy from ascending the Delaware. Their iron tipped stakes threatened to tear the bottom out of any ship whose master was reckless enough to make the attempt.
Siege.
Preparations.
Colonel Lewis Nicola held Fort Mifflin with a party of Pennsylvania militia, mostly men unfit for field service. Among the approximately 60 militiamen present for duty, not a single one knew how to operate the cannons. On 23 September with Philadelphia about to be captured, Washington sent Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Smith of the 4th Maryland Regiment with a detachment of Continentals into the fort on Mud Island. Smith's force numbered 200 soldiers plus Major Robert Ballard of Virginia, Major Simeon Thayer of Rhode Island, and Captain Samuel Treat of the Continental Artillery. However, another account stated that Thayer did not reach Fort Mifflin until October 19. With the British army closing in on Philadelphia, the small force had to reach Fort Mifflin by a circuitous route. On the last leg of their journey, reinforcements for Mud Island had to be ferried across the Delaware from Red Bank, New Jersey under the protection of the Pennsylvania Navy river flotilla commanded by John Hazelwood. Washington ordered Colonel the Baron Henry Leonard d'Arendt, a six-foot tall Prussian to take charge of Fort Mifflin. Since the baron was too sick to assume his post, Smith became the effective commander. To further complicate matters, Lieutenant Colonel John Green of the 7th Virginia Regiment, who outranked Smith, arrived with reinforcements on October 18. Smith developed an uneasy relationship with Hazelwood and their differences soon became obvious. On October 4, Washington marched against Howe's army at the Battle of Germantown but was defeated.
To deny the British the use of Province and Carpenter's Islands, the Americans broke the riverside dikes. This act forced their enemies to build their batteries on top of the dikes and to labor in knee-deep water. As an example of the difficulties involved, the British lost an 8-inch howitzer and a soldier drowned when the craft carrying the gun sank in the Schuylkill. On the night of October 10, Captain John Montresor had his crews begin work on a battery on Carpenter's Island, opposite the fort. At this time, the British already had constructed a two gun battery near the mouth of the Schuylkill River. On the 11th, Hazelwood and Smith launched a joint attack by row galleys on the working parties. After losing one man killed and one wounded, a total of two officers and 56 enlisted men from the 1st Grenadier Battalion waved the white flag. The prisoners were quickly herded into the Americans' boats before engineer Captain James Moncrieffe could arrive with a rescue party of Hessians. The British court martialed two officers for this setback.
On October 14, French engineer Major François-Louis Teissèdre de Fleury came to the fort and proved a great help to Smith. Fleury, who had come to America with Du Coudray, set about improving the defenses. He built a firing step for the soldiers to fire over the palisades, a redan to support the main battery, constructed a last-stand redoubt at the fort's center, and corrected some of the fort's shortcomings. Thomas Paine visited the fort on the 15th and observed that 30 enemy shells fell into the fort that day. On October 20, a British red-hot shot set off a minor explosion in the northwest blockhouse. Baron d'Arendt finally came to assume command on the 21st. While taking the Prussian on a tour of the fort, Smith and Fleury watched with shock and contempt as the terrified man ran away from the damaged blockhouse. D'Arendt announced that the fort was indefensible and left Mud Island for good on October 27, pleading "illness".
October 22–23.
A Hessian force under Colonel Carl von Donop attacked Fort Mercer on October 22 in the Battle of Red Bank. The 1st Rhode Island Regiment under Colonel Christopher Greene had arrived at the fort only on October 11 after leaving Peekskill, New York on September 29. Colonel Israel Angell's 2nd Rhode Island Regiment reached Red Bank a week later and Major Thayer was sent with 150 soldiers to help garrison Fort Mifflin. When it became clear that the fort was about to be attacked, Thayer and his men recrossed the river to help in Fort Mercer's defense. After Donop summoned the fort to surrender twice and each time received a negative response, he resolved to storm the place. The Rhode Islanders waited until their Hessian adversaries reached the abatis and then opened fire. The result was a one-sided slaughter. Greene's garrison lost 14 killed, 21 wounded, and one captured while inflicting 90 killed, 227 wounded, and 69 captured on their foes. The Hessians lost a high proportion of officers, including Donop who was mortally wounded.
The following day saw another stunning disaster for the British. In support of the assault on Fort Mercer, a squadron from Admiral Howe's fleet moved upriver under the command of Captain Francis Reynolds in the ship of the line "HMS Augusta (64)". Accompanying the "Augusta" was the sloop "HMS Merlin (18)" under Commander Samuel Reeve and the frigates "HMS Roebuck (44)", Captain Andrew Snape Hamond, "HMS Pearl (32)", Captain Wilkinson, and the "HMS Liverpool (28)", Captain Henry Bellew. A force of 200 British Grenadiers waited to make an amphibious assault on Mud Island when the fort's artillery fire was suppressed.
While bombarding Fort Mifflin, the "Augusta" and "Merlin" went aground. High tide came that evening, but contrary winds prevented sufficient depth for the ships to be freed. On October 23, the American forts concentrated their fire on the two stricken ships. "HMS Isis (50)" worked its way alongside the stranded sixty-four in a rescue attempt. British accounts claimed that American gunnery did only slight damage but that flaming wads from the ships' guns caused "Augusta" to catch fire. The Americans asserted that a lucky hit from one of Fort Mifflin's red-hot shot or a fire ship started the blaze. An American soldier in the fort wrote that the fire started at the stern of the sixty-four and that the flames spread rapidly. At mid-day, the "Augusta" blew up in a tremendous blast that broke windows in Philadelphia. According to Captain Montresor, 60 sailors, a lieutenant, and the ship's chaplain died while struggling in the water. The loud explosion was heard nearly away in Trappe, Pennsylvania. After the destruction of the "Augusta" the crew of the "Merlin" set their ship on fire and abandoned ship. At length the "Merlin" blew up in a less spectacular explosion.
Climax.
Beginning on October 26 a Nor'easter struck the area and the storm lasted for three days, bringing with it high winds and torrential rain. With two feet of water over most of Mud Island and similar conditions on Province and Carpenter's Islands, the mutual cannon fire stopped as both sides tried to find a dry place. By November 1, the Americans had the British army in Philadelphia effectively under blockade. Howe's troops were short of food, rum, clothing, and money. Montresor complained that he lacked adequate artillery and ammunition. The British were compelled to send supplies into Philadelphia via convoys of flatboats. To avoid being sunk by the guns of Fort Mifflin and the Pennsylvania Navy, the boats had to make the attempt in the night and maintain total silence. Hessian Captain Johann von Ewald noted that in order to hold the sailors to their dangerous work, they were made completely drunk.
After a council of war on October 29, Washington ordered Brigadier General James Mitchell Varnum to assume responsibility for the defense of the Delaware. The two Rhode Island regiments of Varnum's brigade were already manning the forts. Soon the last two units of his brigade were committed to the battle. On November 3, Varnum sent the 4th and 8th Connecticut Regiments to garrison Fort Mifflin.
On November 10, Montresor was finally prepared to batter down the fort. By that date he had ready for action two 32-pound, six 24-pound, and one 18-pound cannons plus two 8-inch howitzers, two 8-inch mortars, and one 13-inch mortar. On the 10th, the two sides blazed away at each other at a range of . No casualties were suffered by the Americans but large parts of the palisades on the western side of the island were wrecked. On the 11th, Captain Treat was killed by the concussion of a near miss as he talked with Smith. Later that day as Smith was in the barracks, a cannonball smashed through the chimney and struck him in the left hip. Though covered in bricks from the collapsed chimney and suffering from a dislocated wrist, Smith survived because the round was spent.
The wounded Smith was ferried across to Red Bank, leaving the garrison leaderless. Varnum reported that the troops would welcome a British infantry assault, but that the constant barrage was taking its toll on the men. Fleury wrote to Washington that all the guns were dismounted except two but that the soldiers of the garrison were able to repair the damage to the palisades every night. The only safe place in the fort was a ditch on the east side and Fleury would go there to round up men for work details, lashing out at the laggards with his cane. The next in command after Smith was Lieutenant Colonel Giles Russell of Connecticut, but he declined and asked to be recalled. On November 12 Major Thayer accepted command of the fort.
Sir William Howe began assembling a detachment of light infantry and Foot Guards on November 9, placing them under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Sir George Osborn, 4th Baronet. These troops were ready by the 13th and were to be supported by the 27th Foot and 29th Foot. By November 14, the British had planted two additional batteries containing four 32-pound guns and six 24-pound guns, which added to the furious daily bombardment. That night Fort Mifflin fired on a supply convoy but missed.
The British brought the "HMS Vigilant (20)" upriver to attack the fort. "Vigilant" was originally the naval transport "Empress of Russia". She had been converted in June 1777 into a vessel designed for shore bombardment. For this purpose, the ship carried 14 24-pound cannons, two 9-pounders, and four 6-pounders. Before the attack, the British strengthened the vessel's sides, added 24 sharpshooters and 50 gunners to the crew, and transferred two extra guns to her starboard side. To maintain the ship's stability, water casks were positioned on the port side. Lieutenant John Henry was the commanding officer. Favored by a high tide, the "Vigilant" worked its way into the shallow channel between Mud Island and the north bank at 8:00 AM on November 15. Accompanied by the sloop "Fury" with three 18-pound guns, the converted transport hurled a barrage at Fort Mifflin from a distance of . Out in the main channel, the "HMS Somerset (70)", "Isis", "Roebuck", and "Pearl" added the weight of their broadsides from a greater distance.
Thayer ordered his 32-pound cannon to be moved to the place of danger. Before "Vigilant" reached her station, the gun crew claimed to have fired 14 shots into her. After the floating battery came to anchor, the fort was subjected to a terrific point blank fire. A single shot killed five American gunners at one cannon. A defender wrote that men were, "split like fish to be broiled". Thayer ordered a distress signal to be hoisted requesting help from Hazelwood, but to do so the fort's flag had to be lowered first. When the British gunners ceased fire and began to cheer in anticipation of victory, Thayer's officers demanded that the flag be immediately raised again. The bombardment resumed and the artillery sergeant detailed to haul the flag was the next casualty, cut in half by a cannonball. That afternoon, a chunk of wood from the smashed barracks struck down artillery Captain James Lee and knocked Fleury unconscious. When Hazelwood's ships tried to attack the "Vigilant" and "Fury", fire from the British naval squadron drove them back. By this time the interior of the fort was furrowed with the tracks of cannonballs and the barracks and blockhouses were wrecked.
Osborn planned to send eight flatboats each with 35 soldiers in the first wave of his assault. Howe declined to give the order for the 400-man storming party to attack, waiting for a high tide and hoping that the garrison would evacuate the fort. That evening, Thayer gave the order to abandon Fort Mifflin. The 300 survivors and what equipment could be salvaged were rowed across to Red Bank. Thayer held back a detail of 40 men. These troops burned down the barracks at midnight and soon joined the others in New Jersey. Thayer was the last to leave.
Result.
At 6:00 AM on the morning of November 16, the "Vigilant" launched a boat manned by marines to haul down the American flag, which had been left flying. Two hours later, Osborn's troops landed amid snow flurries and took possession of the ruined fort. They were greeted by a lone American deserter who told them that Thayer's men suffered about 50 killed and 70 to 80 wounded. Historian Mark M. Boatner III estimated total American casualties at 250 from a garrison that counted 450 men plus reinforcements. British losses in the last phase of the siege were seven killed and five wounded. The victors were appalled at the damage and at the blood and brains strewn about the fort's interior. While the needy enlisted men were busy looting the corpses for shoes and clothing, a few of the British officers admitted in their letters that the defenders had been brave.
Lieutenant General Lord Charles Cornwallis crossed the river with 2,000 men. In the face of this threat, Colonel Greene evacuated Fort Mercer and Cornwallis seized the place on November 20. With the forts gone, Hazelwood set his ships on fire that night to prevent their capture by the British. The Delaware was now open to the Royal Navy and the army of occupation in Philadelphia could be supplied. The next action occurred at the Battle of Gloucester on November 25 as Cornwallis withdrew from New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20396274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396274" title="Ralph T. Catterall">
Ralph T. Catterall

Ralph Tunnicliff Catterall (14 March 1897–8 October 1978), judge of the Virginia State Corporation Commission, was born in Chicago, Illinois, and graduated from Harvard University. During World War I he was a second lieutenant in the United States Army.
After completing law school, Catterall joined a law firm in New York City. In 1924 he moved to Richmond, Virginia, where he practiced law and taught part-time at the T. C. Williams School of Law of the University of Richmond from 1924 to 1949. He was most highly regarded for his expertise on constitutional law.
On 14 April 1949 the governor appointed Catterall to the State Corporation Commission to fill an unexpired term. Catterall served until 1973 and had an enduring influence on the SCC, especially the banking section. He was very critical of the Supreme Court of the United States' rulings on desegration of the public schools.
Catterall is buried in Hollywood Cemetery in Richmond.

</doc>
<doc id="20396276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396276" title="Pakistani general election, 1993">
Pakistani general election, 1993

General elections were held in Pakistan on 6 October 1993. The election took place after both the Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and President Ghulam Ishaq Khan resigned to resolve a power struggle between them. Although the Pakistan Muslim League (N) won the largest number of votes, the Pakistan Peoples Party won the most seats. After winning the support of minor parties and independents the leader of the PPP, Benazir Bhutto, was elected Prime Minister by the National Assembly. Voter turnout was 40.3%.
Background.
The Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N) won the 1990 election and the party's leader, Nawaz Sharif, became Prime Minister. In early 1993 he attempted to strip the President of the power to dismiss the Prime Minister, National Assembly and regional assemblies. However in April 1993 President Khan dismissed Sharif for corruption and called elections for the 14 July after dissolving the National Assembly. Sharif immediately appealed to the Supreme Court, which in May ruled by 10 to 1 that Khan had exceeded his powers and therefore restored Sharif as Prime Minister.
Khan and Sharif then began to battle for control of Pakistan for the next two months. They both attempted to secure control over the regional assemblies and in particular, Punjab. In Punjab this saw a staged kidnapping and the moving of 130 members of the Punjab Assembly to the capital to ensure they stayed loyal to Sharif. Meanwhile the leader of the main opposition party Benazir Bhutto threatened to lead a march on Islamabad unless new elections were called.
Finally on the 18 July, under pressure from the army to resolve the power struggle, Sharif and Khan resigned as Prime Minister and President respectively. Elections for the National Assembly were called for the 6 October with elections for the regional assemblies set to follow shortly afterwards.
Campaign.
Until the election the chairman of the Senate, Wasim Sajjad became interim president and former World Bank executive Moeenuddin Ahmad Qureshi became caretaker prime minister. The interim government cut spending, introduced a tax on rich landowners and cracked down on corruption and drug traffickers. They were praised for stabilising the country while the campaign took place but their policies were criticised by the two main political leaders, Sharif and Bhutto.
In total 1,485 candidates stood in the election but the main fight was between the PML-N of Nawaz Sharif and the PPP of Benazir Bhutto. Their policies were very similar but saw a clash of personalities with both parties making many promises but not explaining how they were going to pay for them. Sharif stood on his record of privatisations and development projects and pledged to restore his taxi giveaway program. Bhutto promised price supports for agriculture, pledged a partnership between government and business and campaigned strongly for the female vote.
Opinion polls showed a very close election between the two main parties but there was a lot of cynicism among voters. The army was credited with making sure that the election was fair and deployed 150,000 troops in polling stations to ensure this.
Results.
The PPP won the most seats in the election at 86 but failed to gain a majority with the PML-N second with 73 seats. This was also the first election in Pakistan in which the party that won the popular vote, the PML-N, failed to win the most seats. The PPP performed strongly in Bhutto's native Sindh and rural Punjab, while the PML-N was strongest in industrial Punjab and the largest cities such as Karachi, Lahore and Rawalpindi. Islamic fundamentalist candidates did poorly in an election that was marked by a low turnout. Turnout in Pakistan's largest city, Karachi, was particularly low at 20% after one party MQM (A) boycotted the election. International observers from 40 countries reported no serious irregularities in an election which was seen as the most free and fair since 1970.
Aftermath.
Both main parties lobbied the smaller parties and independents for their support in the National Assembly. The PPP was successful and on the 20 October 1993 Benazir Bhutto was elected Prime Minister receiving 121 votes to 72 for Nawaz Sharif. Her position was strengthened by a strong performance by the PPP in the regional elections on the 9 October.

</doc>
<doc id="20396284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396284" title="Flavio de Carvalho">
Flavio de Carvalho

Flávio de Rezende Carvalho (1899–1973) was a Brazilian architect and artist.
Carvalho was educated in France from 1911 to 1914, and then in Newcastle-upon-Tyne until 1922, attending the King Edward the Seventh School of Fine Arts and Durham University's Armstrong College. In Newcastle he obtained degrees in both civil engineering and fine art. Carvalho returned to São Paulo in 1922, joining a local construction firm, before designing his own buildings and creating numerous artworks. In all his diverse practice he was largely influenced by the writings of Sigmund Freud and of the social anthropologist James Frazer. Le Corbusier defined him as a "Romantic Revolutionary".
As an artist Carvalho represented Brazil at the 1950 Venice Biennial. Amongst his most noted works in the medium is the series "Tragic Series" which depicted the death of his mother. Carvalho was also an influential writer, penning the play "Dance of the Dead God" for the Experimental Theater in 1933.
Carvalho was noted for his experimental designs, such as a scheme for the Governor's Palace in São Paulo in 1927 (unbuilt), the Main House at Capuava Ranch and a residential complex at Alameda Lorena. Cavalcanti writes that "His freedom and lack of commitment to rigid dogmas led him to create a personal language that mixed styles, references and construction techniques." This openness has also made that Carvalho has been hailed as pivotal figure in activating discussions about the relationship and overlaps between art and architecture. 
Carvalho frequently courted controversy in his time, walking in the opposite direction to a Corpus Christi parade in São Paulo, creating various "performances" before the term was coined. He could regularly be seen female clothing, ostensibly as part of a performance art piece also being an important influence on Helio Oiticica and a precursor to Neo-Concretists such as Lygia Clark and Lygia Pape He could regularly be seen female clothing, ostensibly as part of a performance art piece.
Carvalho was nominated for the Nobel prize in literature in 1939 by Paul V Shaw, professor of history at the University of São Paulo.

</doc>
<doc id="20396285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396285" title="Abdulhadi Khalaf">
Abdulhadi Khalaf

Abdulhadi Khalaf (, born 1945) is a Bahraini leftist political activist and senior lecturer in the Sociology department at Lund University. He is regarded as a specialist in the politics of the Persian Gulf region.
Biography.
He received his primary and secondary education in Bahrain, then went abroad for college. He obtained a doctorate in sociology from Sweden's University of Lund in 1972. Returning to Bahrain, he became a candidate for the country's first National Assembly and was elected in December 1973. The assembly was an advisory body with limited powers to approve laws drawn up by the government. Several months after the National Assembly convened, Khalaf was expelled and arrested on charges of supporting one of several banned political groups that called for a constitutional monarchy. He was released from prison in 1975, then rearrested in 1976, again because of his political activities on behalf of democratic government.
Between 1975 and 1990, Khalaf was worked as a consultant for a number of institutions including UNECWA (now UNESCWA). In 1990, he accepted an appointment to teach sociology at the University of Lund and moved to Sweden. He continues to write articles about Bahrain's politics and society for Arabic and English publications across the Middle East. He has also written and published multiple books on the region.

</doc>
<doc id="20396303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396303" title="Frida – The DVD">
Frida – The DVD

Frida – The DVD is a 3½ hour documentary DVD, that covers the singing career of Anni-Frid Lyngstad, also known as Frida, one of the four members of Swedish pop group ABBA. The DVD was released by Universal in 2005.
Synopsis.
Lyngstad began her musical career as a big band jazz-oriented vocalist. Frida performed as a solo artist both before and after her time with ABBA. This DVD was released on November 15, 2005, the same day as Lyngstad's 60th birthday.
Content.
A one hour TV-documentary about the recording and making of the album "Something's Going On" is included. Swedish Television filmed the whole recording process from day one in the studio to the release party, when the album was completed. This program includes interviews with Lyngstad, producer and drummer Phil Collins, Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson, as well as all of the musicians that contributed and took part in the recording.
There's also a TV-documentary about the making and recording of her 1996 album "Djupa andetag" ("Deep Breaths"), produced by Anders Glenmark. Studio footage and footage when making the video to the single "Även En Blomma" ("Even a flower") is included. The most exciting part is the filming of Frida in her Spanish house on Mallorca, where the cover photos to "Djupa andetag" were taken.
Included are all the promotional videos she made for her international solo projects, recorded after ABBA had disbanded.

</doc>
<doc id="20396310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396310" title="Toomas Altnurme">
Toomas Altnurme

Toomas Altnurme (born 1973) is an Estonian painter.
Life.
In 1994–1995, he graduated from Tallinn Pedagogical University, and studied painting at the Rajamangala University of Technology, and in 1999–2001, at the University of Seoul did finish Masters of Fine arts in Hongik University . He has appeared in exhibitions in Europe, Asia, South America and the USA.
He was a member of the Estonian Sculptors Union, Painter Union . He has worked in every area of painting installations, sculpture and mixed media, digital art. Did participate in 40 sculpture symposiums around the world and has sculptures in public spaces and parks in USA Sumter Souths Carolina, Barzil Brusque, Chille Carretas Park, Russia Penza, Taiwan Shimen, Denmark Hojer, England Exmoor park, France Hautecour, Italy Temu,Germany Bavaria, Finland Pello, Latvia Bikeser, Lithuania Panevezys He is a member of Estonian Artist Association, AIESM, the Brooklyn Art Project. He created a Ning network "Peace, Love, No War". Member of: Estonian Artist's Association Estonian Painters Association Estonian Sculptors Union Seoul A-Link Artist Group South Korea International Association for Monumental Sculpture Events Artists in Nature International Network Freelance artist, sculptor,photographer,designer. ART. Languages : Estonian.Finnish.English.Korean.Russian.Spanish Education: 1999–2001 Korean Government Scholarship. . Hongik University Graduate School,Faculty of Fine Arts;Painting. . Hongik University Scholarship. South-Korea,Seoul – Graduated with M.F.A. 08/2001 1998–1999 Korean Government Scholarship. . Seoul National University,Faculty of Fine Arts; Seoul, South Korea. Research;Sculpture,mixed media,installation. 1997 Korean Government Scholarship. . Kyonghee University.Faculty of Languages;Korean language. 1991–1997 Tallinn Pedagogical University,Faculty of Fine Arts; Tallinn, Estonia. – Graduated with B.F.A. 06/1997 1994–1995 UNESCO Scholarship. Rajamangala University,Faculty of Fine arts; Bangkok, Thailand. – Painting; Faculty of Fine Arts. – Cultural exchange and international relations. 1996 Cultural Exchange Program: "Up with People"; USA. – Organized drama workshops and performances. Artist Statement. "In every culture there seems to be something deep and wordless, something that escapes language and confinement. My art is for everyone anywhere, who is able to go beyond words. I am looking for the answer by searching for meaning through color and shapes. I hope that my innerworld, which has been expanded by various media and techniques, may form a global language that can bridge cultural differences ,promote greater understanding and tolerance, which will help to make the world a better place. The more you become aware of your unknown self, the more you realize that all there is, is inseparably connected with everything else that is. The artist as a magician has visions about exsistence and my personal experience as an artist has led me to know, that the creation involved in colors, shapes and motions in space, is a highly powerful and Scared Way. The process is a dynamic condition of balanced movement, that brings along the need for peace in the world, love in relationships, harmony in the universe and complete freedom in artistic expression." sculptor,painter,performance,computer and installation artist: Toomas Altnurme websites: www.art-altnurme.com http://www.facebook.com/TOM.ARTNURME
Quotes.
Neo-pop is as ambiguous as-pop... Real-pop it was important to study the language of mass culture, because it was something new. Neo-pop simply using this language, because it is the most intelligible language, in the current society, but the language is not the subject of books.
He shapes the colorful painting, where the glamorous view of the shocking and virtual. [... an] Alternate description is very appropriate to refer to his life experience and a heightened Oriental style. His images are mysterious, sexy, emotional, spooky, dark, flamboyant funny and oriental.
Although painted and surrounded by the cage of their nature, there is no better way for understanding the psychology of a culture where a woman's soul rummages. Gauguin is here and now the Estonian painter Toomas Altnurme, who carried out the world of exotic scenery, and not as a tourist. We, the rest, should plan to study, to be conducted, to draw up a timetable, and annual reports, and pay that, if all has gone well, your perishable broken, compressed, and of course, illusions about selling, through the travel. Another indicator of the thing.
Community, and the rest of my art journals, published in the text of the link itself, I do not find much. Most of the work I have done outside of Estonia, is on the go. As the DJ mixes music, so my work mixed surrounding himself with art – photo, drawing, painting, hologram, and sometimes later, Photoshop processing.

</doc>
<doc id="20396325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396325" title="Yoshirō Irino">
Yoshirō Irino

Biography.
Irino was born in Soviet Vladivostok. He attended high school in Tokyo and went on to study economics at Tokyo Imperial University (now University of Tokyo).
After World War II, Irino, along with colleagues Minao Shibata and Kunio Toda, studied the twelve-tone method of composition devised by Arnold Schoenberg. In 1951, Irino used the composition technique to compose his "Concerto da Camera for Seven Instruments". This work is credited to be the first Japanese dodecaphonic composition. During the same time, the magazine "Ongaku Geijutsu" published two articles by Irino: "Schoenberg's Composing Technique" and "What is Twelve-Tone Music?" Subsequently, Irino used the twelve-tone technique in numerous compositions and wrote extensively about contemporary music. Working to introduce foreign contemporary music and music literature to Japan, he made Japanese translations of important books such as "Die Komposition mit zwölf Tönen" (12音による作曲技法) by Josef Rufer and "Schoenberg and His School" (シェーンベルクとその楽派) by René Leibowitz. Irino did not, however, compose serial music, a technique of the same period widely used with the Darmstadt School.
In 1973, the Asian Composers League was established by Irino and his colleagues.
After his death, the Irino Award and the Yoshiro Irino Memorial Prize (sponsored by the Asian Composers League) were established to promote young composers.
Works.
Yoshirō Irino's music is mainly published by Zen-On Music Company Ltd, Ongaku No Tomo Sha, 
Stage works
Orchestra
Jazz Band
Chamber music
Piano
Vocal
Film music
School songs

</doc>
<doc id="20396334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396334" title="Vino pipeño">
Vino pipeño

Vino Pipeño is wine from Chile that is made from ordinary grape stock, different from other wines known by their distinctive names.
Vino Pipeño is similar in flavor and sweetness to grapes from parish wines, as both come from young grapes. The drink is usually served with meats and typical dishes of the traditional Chilean home.
Its short fermentation and aging processes give Vino Pipeño an opaque and very intense brown hue.

</doc>
<doc id="20396339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396339" title="Andrew Waller">
Andrew Waller

Andrew Waller is an American film director. He has directed the films "Taking Five" and "", both of which were released in 2007. Prior to directing, he worked as a photographer on the short films "Liquid" (2001), "Hairless" (2004) and "Miracle Mile" (2004). In 2005, he directed and wrote the short film "Candy Paint". He also worked as a location assistant on the 1996 film "Mr. Wrong" starring Ellen DeGeneres and Bill Pullman.

</doc>
<doc id="20396344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20396344" title="Jüri Arrak">
Jüri Arrak

Jüri Arrak (born 24 October 1936 in Tallinn) is an Estonian artist, a painter whose works with distinguished and recognizable style have won acclaim around the world.
Arrak has graduated from the Estonian State Art Institute, is a member of the Estonian Artist's Association and a member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts.
Arrak's works are represented in Estonian Museum of Art, Tallinn, Estonia; Museum of Modern Art, New York, USA; New Orleans Museum of Art, USA; Tretyakov Gallery, Moscow, Russia and Ludwig Art Museum, Cologne, Germany.
Awards.
Arrak has been awarded with the II Class of Order of the White Star by the President of Estonia in 2000.

</doc>
