<doc id="20510364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510364" title="Blue Microphones">
Blue Microphones

Blue Microphones designs and produces microphones, recording tools, signal processors, and music accessories for audio professionals, musicians and consumers. 
History.
Blue Microphones was founded in 1995 by an American session musician, Skipper Wise, and a Latvian recording engineer, Martins Saulespurens. The company's name is an acronym for "Baltic Latvian Universal Electronics". The company is headquartered in Westlake, California, USA. Along with studio microphones, Blue has a line of consumer USB microphones, such as the Yeti, the first THX certified microphone, Snowball, the Snowflake, the Tiki and Mikey, the first High Definition microphone designed for use with Apple Inc.'s iPod.
In 2008, Skipper and Martins sold Blue Microphones to Transom Capital, a private Equity firm from Southern California.
In 2013, The Riverside Company acquired Blue Microphones from Transom Capital. Intrepid Investment Bankers advised Blue Microphones in the transaction.
Microphones.
Blue Microphones designs and manufactures condenser microphones, ribbon microphones, dynamic microphones and USB microphones.
Studio.
Blue Microphones designs and creates a line of studio recording microphones that are separated into two series: the Bottle series and the Application series. 
The Bottle series, consisting of the Bottle, the Bottle Rocket Stage One and Bottle Rocket Stage Two, integrates Blue’s discrete class A circuitry and interchangeable capsules, Blue’s Bottle Caps.
The Application Specific Series contains its own proprietary capsule to capture specific sonic signatures. For example, the Mouse microphone is a low-frequency focused microphone that is designed to capture the lows of kick drums, bass amps and deep vocals. The Dragonfly is designed specifically to capture and thicken thin sounds from soprano vocals and instruments like drum overheads.
USB.
Blue Microphones designs and creates professional-quality USB microphones, including the multi-pattern USB mic, the Yeti and Yeti Pro, the world’s first USB and XLR microphone combining 24 bit/192 kHz digital recording resolution—the highest digital resolution on the market—with analog XLR output.
In January 2012 Blue announced their new Spark Digital microphone. The Spark Digital is an expansion of the Spark XLR studio microphone. However, unlike the latter, the Spark Digital offers a USB interface and could also connect directly to an Apple iPad via Apple’s 30-pin connector. The Spark Digital was the first studio-grade condenser microphone to be able to directly connect to the iPad in this way.

</doc>
<doc id="20510392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510392" title="Ali Sastroamidjojo">
Ali Sastroamidjojo

His Excellency Raden (Lord) Dr. Ali Sastroamidjojo, (EYD: Ali Sastroamijoyo; May 21, 1903 - March 13, 1976) was the 8th and 10th Prime Minister of Indonesia and also the Indonesian Permanent Representative to the United Nations (UN) (1957-1960) and the Indonesian Ambassador to the United States, Ambassador to Canada and the Ambassador to Mexico (1950-1955). In addition, he was also appointed chairman of the Asian-African Conference in Bandung in 1955 and also became chairman of the political party PNI (1960-1966).
In addition to being a political figure, he was also a noted author having published several books and publications in the field of international relations and foreign policy, including Introduction to International Law (1971), Indonesian Foreign Policy (1972), an autobiographical book of his journey and milestones (1974), and Four Indonesian students in the Netherlands (1975).
Early life.
Raden (Lord) Ali Sastroamidjojo was a nobleman born in Grabag, Central Java, Dutch East Indies (the Dutch-Colonial name of what is now known as Indonesia), to an aristocratic family of the Magelang Regency belonging to the Indonesian elite, and died in Jakarta, March 13, 1976. 
Ali Sastroamidjojo spent his childhood years in the local town, playing with his friends from peasant families. In hoping to find a proper environment for the development of their children, the Sastroamidjojo family moved to the city where Sastroamidjojo was sent to receive a European education, although he regularly learned the Javanese language too. The Sastroamidjojo family was devoted to advocating the importance of Western education.
Like most other young men of nobility in Indonesia, Sastroamidjojo attended a Dutch school, the Queen Wilhelmina School, and went on to study law at Leiden University in The Netherlands where he received a doctorate in law.
Prime Minister of Indonesia.
Sastroamidjojo was the only person to have twice been Prime Minister of Indonesia. He was therefore in charge of two Cabinets of Indonesia: Cabinet Ali Sastroamidjojo I and Cabinet Ali Sastroamidjojo II.
Sastroamidjojo was a key figure in the negotiations of the Sino-Indonesian Dual Nationality Treaty.
Ali Sastroamidjojo has been called 'the greatest statesman' of Indonesia and that 'the current statesmen of Indonesia will never be as great as Sastroamidjojo in his role as prime minister who also had great literary talent'. 

</doc>
<doc id="20510400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510400" title="Blood and Memory">
Blood and Memory

Blood & Memory is a fantasy novel by Fiona McIntosh. The novel was published by 2004 Voyager and is the second novel in the "The Quickening" trilogy which began with "Myrren's Gift" and concluded with "Bridge of Souls".
Plot introduction.
After seeing his best friend murdered, his sister imprisoned and the King of Morgravia turn his attention to the woman he loves, Wyl becomes desperate to return Valentyna and prevent her marrying the king. However is ends up being trapped by an enchantment and must track down the Manwitch first.

</doc>
<doc id="20510402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510402" title="Eric Chu">
Eric Chu

Eric Chu or Chu Li-luan (, born on 7 June 1961 in Bade City, Taoyuan County, Taiwan) is a former Vice Premier of the Republic of China who served alongside Premier Wu Den-yih. Prior to Vice Premier, Chu served as legislator (1999 to 2001) and the magistrate of Taoyuan County (2001 to 2009). Chu was elected as the first mayor of the newly established city of New Taipei on 27 November 2010.
Early life.
Chu was born in Bade City, Taoyuan County, Taiwan, son of a local Taoyuan County politician who served in the local legislature and also in the National Assembly. Chu's mother is from Daxi Township.
Chu studied at the National Taiwan University, earning a bachelors degree in management. After completing compulsory military service in the Republic of China Armed Forces, Chu then went abroad to study at New York University where he completed a master's degree in finance and a PhD in accounting.
Early career.
Dr. Chu then taught as assistant professor at City University of New York before returning to teach in Taiwan. He was promoted to full professor before age 36 at National Taiwan University in 1997.
In 1999, he become a Kuomintang legislator where he focused on financial and economic issues.
Taoyuan County magistrate.
2001 Taoyuan County magistrate election.
Chu ran for Taoyuan County magistrate in 2001 election as a member of then-opposition Kuomintang, and defeated Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) incumbent Peng Shao-chin, who had inherited the magistrate position after Annette Lu vacated the post to serve as Vice President.
2005 Taoyuan County magistrate election.
Chu ran for re-election in 2005 and defeated DPP challenger Pao-ching Cheng, CEO of Taiwan Salt Company.
2009 Founders Awards.
In March 2009, Chu, with other three local government officials, was named by the Intelligent Community Forum as the recipient of its annual Founders Awards for his effort in digital and technology development. The forum studies the impact of technology on communities.
Kuomintang Vice Chairmanship.
During his second term as Magistrate of Taoyuan County, Chu concurrently served as the Vice Chairman of Kuomintang in November 2008 until October 2009.
ROC Vice Premiership.
Vice Premier appointment.
Chu was tapped by President Ma Ying-jeou to be the Vice Premier to Wu Den-yih in September, 2009, in a reshuffling of the Executive Yuan due to the slow disaster response to the Typhoon Morakot. Chu's position as Magistrate of Taoyuan County was succeeded by Deputy Magistrate Huang Min-kon. At the age of 48, Chu was the youngest Vice Premier in ROC history.
Vice Premier resignation.
On 13 May 2010, Chu submitted his resignation to Premier Wu to run for mayor of the newly created New Taipei City, the successor of Taipei County. He officially quit his position 4 days later on 17 May 2010. Financial Supervisory Commission chairperson Sean Chen was tapped to succeed Chu as deputy premier.
New Taipei City Mayoralty.
2010 New Taipei City Mayoralty Election.
In May 2010 before the New Taipei City Mayor election, Chu outlined his vision for the city. Noting the gap between New Taipei and Taipei, Chu promised to transform New Taipei if he was elected, where completing the mass rapid transit network in New Taipei will be his top priority. Chu defeated DPP Chairwoman Tsai Ing-wen on 27 November 2010, to become the first mayor of New Taipei.
Taiwanese fisherman shooting incident.
After the shooting incident of Taiwanese fisherman by Philippine government vessel on 9 May 2013 at the disputed water in South China Sea, Chu condemned the shooting and said that he would suspend all of the exchanges between New Taipei City and the Philippines until the Philippine government offers apology, compensate the victim's family and bring the perpetrators to justice.

</doc>
<doc id="20510414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510414" title="USCGC Mackinac (WAVP-371)">
USCGC Mackinac (WAVP-371)

USCGC "Mackinac" (WAVP-371), later WHEC-371, was a "Casco"-class United States Coast Guard Cutter in service from 1949 to 1967. She was the second ship of the United States Revenue Cutter Service or United States Coast Guard to bear the name.
Construction and U.S. Navy service.
"Mackinac" began life as the United States Navy "Barnegat"-class seaplane tender USS "Mackinac" (AVP-13). She was laid down on 29 May 1940 at the Puget Sound Navy Yard at Bremerton, Washington, launched on 15 November 1941, and commissioned into the U.S. Navy on 24 January 1942. She operated in the Pacific during World War II, seeing action in the Solomon Islands, in the Marshall Islands, in the Palau Islands, and at Okinawa . She was decommissioned in January 1947 and placed in the Atlantic Reserve Fleet at Orange, Texas.
Transferred to the United States Coast Guard.
"Barnegat"-class ships were very reliable and seaworthy and had good habitability, and the Coast Guard viewed them as ideal for ocean station duty, in which they would perform weather reporting and search and rescue tasks, once they were modified by having a balloon shelter added aft and having oceanographic equipment, an oceanographic winch, and a hydrographic winch installed.
The Navy loaned "Mackinac" to the Coast Guard on 19 April 1949, and the Coast Guard official accepted her at Orange on 21 April 1949. Coast Guard Cutter USCGC "Tampa" (WPG-164) then towed her from Orange to the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay at Baltimore, Maryland, where she underwent conversion for use as a weather-reporting ship. While this was in progress, the Coast Guard commissioned her as USCGC "Mackinac" (WAVP-371) on 11 May 1949 with Commander William L. Maloney, USCG, in command. Her conversion was completed on 18 July 1949.
U.S. Coast Guard service.
"Mackinac" was stationed at New York, New York, throughout her Coast Guard career. Her primary duty was to serve on ocean stations in the Atlantic Ocean to gather meteorological data. In addition, she conducted search-and-rescue and law enforcement operations and provided navigational and communication assistance to aircraft.
She was among a number of cutters based on the United States East Coast that rotated among four ocean stations in the Atlantic Ocean. While on duty in one of these stations, she was required to patrol a 210-square-statute-mile (544 km²; 159 nmi²) area for three weeks at a time, leaving the area only when physically relieved by another Coast Guard cutter or in the case of a dire emergency. While on station, she acted as an aircraft check point at the point of no return, a relay point for messages from ships and aircraft, as a source of the latest weather information for passing aircraft, as a floating oceanographic laboratory, and as a search-and-rescue ship for downed aircraft and vessels in distress.
"Mackinac"'s first base at New York City was at Brooklyn, New York. She shifted her base to St. George, Staten Island, New York, on 17 September 1953.
On 13 November 1953, she came to the assistance of the merchant ship "Empire Nene" at latitude 41°53’ North, longitude 43°47’ West.
On 1 May 1966, "Mackinac" was reclassified as a high endurance cutter and redesignated WHEC-371. She won the Eastern Area Vessel Performance Award for Fiscal Year 1967.
Decommissioning and disposal.
"Mackinac" was decommissioned on 28 December 1967 and placed in storage at the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay. On 21 July 1968 the Coast Guard returned her to the Navy, and she was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register that day.
The Navy sank "Mackinac" as a target off the coast of Virginia on 23 July 1968, using her for target practice by United States Naval Academy midshipmen. "Mackinac" sank in 1,800 fathoms (10,800 feet or 3,300 meters of water) at position 36°22’ North, 73°09’ West. Although under fire from four ships—heavy cruiser USS "Newport News" (CA-148), guided missile light cruiser USS "Springfield" (CLG-7), guided missile frigate USS "King" (DLG-10), and destroyer USS "New" (DD-818)—and despite "King"s first Terrier missile scoring a direct hit, "Mackinac" proved hard to sink, and her hull remained largely intact as she slipped beneath the waves.

</doc>
<doc id="20510422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510422" title="Connecticut Department of Correction">
Connecticut Department of Correction

The Connecticut Department of Correction (DOC) is the agency responsible for corrections in the U.S. state of Connecticut. The agency operates 18 correctional facilities. It has its headquarters in Wethersfield.
History.
The correctional system in Connecticut began with the Old Newgate Prison in East Granby. It was an unprofitable copper mine that opened in 1705. The state began to use the tunnels as a prison during the Revolutionary War. In 1790 Old Newgate became the state prison for men and served in that capacity until 1827 when a new state prison was opened in Wethersfield.
Fallen officers.
Prior to the establishment of the modern Connecticut Department of Correction in 1968, 5 officers died in the line of duty, all at the former state prison in Wethersfield.
Death row.
The male death row is located at the Northern Correctional Institution. In 1995 the male death row moved from Osborn Correctional Institution to Northern. The execution chamber is located at Osborn. The York Correctional Institution houses all female pretrial and sentenced prisoners in the state, regardless of security status, so a woman classified as a death row inmate would be housed in that prison.

</doc>
<doc id="20510438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510438" title="Dhatt">
Dhatt

Dhatt is a small Jat Sikh clan found in Punjab state of India. 

</doc>
<doc id="20510488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510488" title="Zhang JinLan">
Zhang JinLan

Zhang JinLan (, 1917–1975) was the first female supreme court judge of the Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="20510530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510530" title="At the Edge of the World (album)">
At the Edge of the World (album)

At the Edge of the World is the seventh studio album by the industrial rock band Godhead, released on October 7, 2008. "Stay Back" served as the album's lead-single.

</doc>
<doc id="20510587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510587" title="Faith Baptist School (Fort Pierce, Florida)">
Faith Baptist School (Fort Pierce, Florida)

Faith Baptist School is a private primary and secondary school in Fort Pierce, Florida, United States.
History.
Faith Baptist School was started by Pastor Terry L. Booher in 1970. It began with just a kindergarten class and within 4 years had expanded through 12th grade. Its average enrollment over the years has been around 325 per year though over the past several years, enrollment has declined and is presently less than 80 students.
In 2006 Pastor Terry Booher died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer and his son Greg Booher became the Pastor of Faith Baptist Church and "superintendent" of the school. Pastor Greg Booher resigned in August 2012 at which time, Dr. Ron Hodge became the Missionary Interim Pastor of Faith Baptist Church. Administration of the school was delegated to a school Administrator or Principal. Scott Birt was the Administrator/Principal for several years but departed prior to the start of the 2013 school year. For the 2013-2014 school year Mike Melone is the 'Administrator', and an associate Pastor for Faith Baptist Church. However, Jeremy Tudino is identified as the 'Principal' and is responsible for day-to-day operations. The educational qualifications to lead an educational institution of either party are not shared on the school's website or Facebook page.
In 2008 Faith Baptist School (FBS) joined the FCAA conference for interscholastic athletic and fine arts competition. In the first year, the girl's volleyball team made it to the state finals and the fine arts department won 28 major awards in the state competition for fine arts.
The school's campus is located at 3607 Oleander Avenue in Fort Pierce and includes an elementary building, a High School building, school cafeteria, athletic facilities including a full size football and soccer field and regulation size basketball/volleyball gymnasium and a regulation outdoor basketball court.
Faith Baptist School uses the A Beka curriculum. This is a nationally recognized, trusted, proven, and conventional curriculum.
Activities.
Faith Baptist School has an annual Jog-a-thon, Christmas Play, Valentine Banquet, Homecoming, Spring Drama Event and Sports Banquet.
Athletics.
Faith Baptist fields teams in high school basketball, flag football, cheerleading, volleyball, and basketball. The teams compete in the Atlantic Coast Conference of the Florida Christian Activities Association (FCAA). In the elementary, they have an intramural program that includes soccer, flag football, cheerleading, and basketball for grades k4 through 6th.
Electives.
The high school also offers electives in drama, choir, home economics, yearbook club, and broadcasting. Many of these electives allow the students opportunities throughout the year to use them in the community.

</doc>
<doc id="20510615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510615" title="Ko Ki-Gu">
Ko Ki-Gu

Ko Ki-Gu (, born on 31 July 1980) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a forward for TOT in the Thai Premier League.
His first A-match was at the East Asian Cup 2008 against China at February 17, 2008. In this match he assisted last goal that scoring by Kwak Tae-Hwi.
He was member of South Korea of 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification. He played two games that played in Seoul, South Korea. The opponent was Jordan and North Korea, respectively.
Career statistics.
International.
"Statistics correct as of matches played 22 June 2008"

</doc>
<doc id="20510625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510625" title="Jay Nilsson">
Jay Nilsson

Jay Nilsson (born 1 November 1987 in Redcliffe, Queensland) is a former minor league baseball player for the Gulf Coast Indians. He is the son of Bob Nilsson, a top Australian league reliever of the 1990s. Jay's uncle David Nilsson was the first Australian All-Star in the major leagues. His other uncles Gary Nilsson and Ron Nilsson also played in Australia; Gary spent one year in the minor leagues.
Jay signed with the Cleveland Indians in January 2006. In the 2006 Claxton Shield competition, he was 6 for 13 with two doubles for the Queensland Rams to win Rookie of the Year honors. He debuted well in the US that summer, hitting .276/.371/.474 for the GCL Indians. He was 6 for 20 with a walk and a double in the 2007 Claxton Shield. With the 2007 GCL Indians, Nilsson did not fare as well, batting .229/.340/.373 with 27 strikeouts in 26 games and was released in late 2007.
While playing for the Redcliffe Padres baseball club as the Major A catcher and he was selected to represent Queensland again for the Claxton Shield 2008 squad
In the Greater Brisbane League 2009–10, Jay lead the league in average, batting .443 helping Redcliffe finish 3rd overall.
In 2011, Jay changed clubs in the Greater Brisbane League to the Pine Hills Lightning, where his father currently manages. Nilsson was called up to the Brisbane Bandits after Xavier Paul experienced visa problems and debuted against the Canberra Cavalry on 4 November 2011.
Jay is currently taking time out from professional baseball to focus on his growing his own business and young family.

</doc>
<doc id="20510657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510657" title="Cult of Artemis at Brauron">
Cult of Artemis at Brauron

Artemis worshipers were found all over the ancient Greek world. One of the most famous worshiping sites for Artemis was in Attica at Brauron. Artemis is said to have presided over all the biological transitions of females from before puberty to the first childbirth. “Young girls began to prepare for the event of the first childbirth at an early age. Even before menarche young girls danced for Artemis, in some places playing the role of animals. At the Attic site, or Brauron, in the rite called "arkteia", girls representing the polis of Athens imitated she-bears, "arktoi"." “The initiation ritual for girls was called the Brauronia, after the location of Artemis' shrine at Brauron, in Attica, where the ritual, performed by girls before they reached puberty, took place.” Brauron is the site where Iphigenia, Agamemnon’s daughter, is said to have established a temple to Artemis by decree of Athena, as told in Euripides’ "Iphigeneia in Tauris".
Origin myths.
One of the many myths surrounding the Cult of Artemis at Brauron originates with the story of Iphigeneia. In the story of the Trojan War, as described by Aeschylus, the Greeks had earned the disfavor of Artemis by shooting one of her sacred stags and thus were unable to put to sea against the Trojans due to disfavorable winds, conjured by the goddess. In Euripides' 'Iphigeneia at Tauris' lines 1446–1468 we find a reference to this origin myth:
"And you, Iphigeneia, beside the holy stairs of Brauron you must hold the keys for the goddess herself:
where you will die and be buried, and – as a delight for you – they will dedicate the finely woven material of woven cloth which by chance women having lost their lives in childbirth abandon in their homes. I command you to send forth
these Greek women from the ground due to their correct intentions.”
In response, an oracle declares that a human sacrifice is required and Agamemnon orders his daughter, Iphigeneia, to come forward for the sacrifice but under false pretenses. The attendants seize her and she is gagged to prevent her cries from reaching the ears of the gods. In a final act of desperation, she shrugs out of her robes and tries wordlessly, to reach out to the elders, hoping that in their pity they will release her from her hell. Iphigeneia’s shedding of her robes is an act done by the “bears” of Brauronian Artemis, as depicted by vases which show the bears having shed their robes and naked, an act which is significant as the fulfillment of a bear’s career. Iphigeneia makes the original sacrifice and the “bears” continue the ritual by shedding their saffron robes. 
Another myth is much more simple. According to this myth, two Athenian men killed a bear sacred to Artemis, who, “responding by sending a plague that would cease only if the Athenians would consecrate their daughters to her, the ‘bear Artemis’, every five years.” Artemis was worshipped as the Great-She-Bear and the girls, who were required to undergo a period of ritual ‘wildness' before puberty, were her images, the arktoi, and often wore bear masks in rituals.
The wrath of Artemis.
Artemis needed to be appeased or the results could be disastrous. “One legend describes how the polis of Patrai was punished with plague ("loimos") and famine ("limos") because a priestess of Artemis Triklaria entertained her lover in the sanctuary. The punishment was so severe because the young priestess had committed a triple violation: violation of the standards of purity for the sanctuary, violation of the requirements of sexual purity for service to Artemis, and, because the priestess represented all the young women of the community, violation of the social requirement that young women be kept from sexual experience until the time of marriage.” The young participants in the Brauronia were expected to act in a certain way to stay in good favor with Artemis. “The anger of Artemis was always a risk. One commentator describes the girls celebrating the "arkteia" at Brauron as ‘soothing’ or ‘appeasing’ the goddess… Another says that girls had to ‘placate the goddess for their virginity ("parthenia"), so that they would not be the object of revenge from her.’
Religious practices.
Participants.
"As soon as I was 7 I was an arrhephoros (sacred basket carrier). Then at 10 I was an aletris (miller of corn) for the foundress, and shedding my saffron robe I was an arktos (bear) at the Brauronia."
- Aristophanes "Lysistrata", lines 641-647.The stages described in this excerpt have been attributed the rituals of the Cult of Artemis at Brauron. Though some sources disagree, it is most commonly accepted that the participants were between the ages of 5 and 10, as in "Lysistrata". The wealth of archeological artifacts documenting this festival in the form of painted vases and tablets suggests it was widely known, evidence suggests that the "girls that took part in the Athenian Braurania were a 'select few chosen from the best families'" to represent the entire community. French historian Pierre Vidal-Naquet said of the cult practices, "The myth is not difficult to explain: in exchange for the very advance of culture implied by the killing of wild animals, an advance for which men are responsible, the girls are obliged before marriage-indeed before puberty- to undergo a period of ritual 'wildness'."
Offerings.
There are also many offerings found at Artemis’ shrines throughout the Greek world. At Brauron in particular the offerings include, “implements such as spindles, spindle whorls, loom weights and epinetra…The textiles and garments actually donated survive only in the list preserved on stone…” At Brauron there have also been found certain vase fragments depicting what is certainly initiates and participants in the "arkteia".
Importance of temple locations.
Hughes notes that "the etymology of the name Artemis would be ark-temnis, “bear-sanctuary,” or more fully paraphrased, “she who establishes (or protects) the bear sanctuary.” Such sanctuaries were commonly and most characteristically groves of trees near water. The placement and structure of the temple at Brauron carried significance because its features were often included in the worship of Artemis. 
Besides Brauron, many other temples devoted to Artemis worship existed. Cole suggests that “the theme that unites the most distinctive sites of Artemis is the idea of dangerous or threatened passage. She was particularly associated with places of 
narrow access…were sensitive places necessary for a city’s defense but also the places most vulnerable to enemy penetration.” Since she was associated with territorial boundaries, defensive positions, and the wilderness, many of the sanctuaries were located at the periphery or near water. Whether located on a mountain, marshy area, or near a river, water was often a focal point in the sanctuaries. Brauron was located where a river flowed into the Aegean Sea. The structure of the temple highlighted the nearby river because water was essential to the rituals performed in honor of Artemis.
Festivals and rituals.
There is evidence that during the 5th century the festival at Brauron was celebrated every 4 years, earlier on it may have been an annual event. There is evidence to indicate that the site at Brauron was flourishing as far back as the Neolithic and Mycenaen periods. During the festival young girls, and it seems that on occasion young boys, would gather to celebrate Artemis, the Great-she-bear. They did this by assuming the image of bears themselves and performing certain rituals. Vases depict images of races and dancing to honor the goddess. The dance, also called the "arkteia", was made up of slow, solemn steps meant to imitate the movements of a bear and was performed to a tune from a diaulos (double flute). The young girls also carried baskets of figs. Little is known about exactly what each stage of the ritual actually meant, but it is understood that they each symbolized a gesture of devotion to Artemis in return for her protection over the young and guidance on their way to maturity. Early on the participants wore actual bear skins, but by the 5th century bears had become scarce. The skins were substituted with Krokoton. These short, saffron-yellow chiton dresses were meant to symbolize the bear skins and were "shed" during the final ritual to symbolize the participant's maturation.
Effects on Greek cultural attitudes.
The worship of Artemis at Brauronia, and throughout ancient Greece, had several effects on Classical society. Two have already been noted: the need to appease Artemis affected the women participants and temples of Artemis were consciously placed in defensive or contested locations. Another, the dance of Arkteia, dealt in part with the wilderness aspect of Artemis. The Arkteia marked the beginning of the transition of a parthenos to a gyne, which was completed at marriage.
A major part of the Arkteia was the presence of animal symbolism. The symbolism served to give the children (aged five to ten years old, ideally ten) an introduction to environmental education and concern for nature. This is due in large part to Artemis’s reputation as a protector of wildlife. She was a defender of wild animals, and was believed to punish those who killed them for objectionable reasons harshly. She was also identified with wildlife, and many areas were designated as sanctuaries and refuges where the hunting or killing of wildlife was either prohibited or restricted. Artemis was symbolic of ethical principles of hunting and wildlife management. These principles stemmed from the belief of primitive hunters and gatherers who believed that living things were sentient, intelligent beings, deserving of respect. Due to these factors, when embarking on hunts, hunters needed to be mindful of the respect and reverence due to nature and wildlife.
Thanks in large part to Greek beliefs in regards to Artemis, large sections of the Greek landscape were preserved for many years. For this reason, Artemis is seen as an early pioneer and patroness of environmental education and the worship of the virgin goddess is in large part responsible for many of the conservation efforts of Classical Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="20510662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510662" title="List of Felicity episodes">
List of Felicity episodes

The following is a list of episodes from the television series Felicity. The series first aired on September 29, 1998 and ended on May 22, 2002 after four seasons. The entire series, totaling 84 episodes, is available on DVD.
The list is ordered by the episodes' original air dates.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20510680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510680" title="Fabrício Ramos Melo">
Fabrício Ramos Melo

Fabrício Ramos Melo (born June 13, 1986) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Águia de Marabá.

</doc>
<doc id="20510713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510713" title="Gillian Wigmore">
Gillian Wigmore

Gillian Wigmore (born 1976) is a Canadian poet.
Wigmore was born and raised near Vanderhoof, British Columbia. As a vet and a father of four children, her father often took her on outcalls to farms, where she developed her passion for nature and its many intricacies.
Wigmore published her first chapbook, "home when it moves you" in 2005, followed by her first book of poetry, "Soft Geography" in 2007. Some of her success can be attributed to the poetics of Derk Wynand, who taught her to notice every detail and to take writing seriously.
She currently lives in Prince George, British Columbia with her two young children.
Wigmore and the environment.
As a child, Wigmore spent time with animals her veterinarian father treated, and in effect dedicated many poems to her experiences with these animals. Instead of manicured or censored language, she creates raw and lively descriptions of barn smells, sensations of cow calves she held and the sight of her father treating these animals.
"Soft Geography" has been described as a “detailed poetic map and guide to life in Northern British Columbia”. focussing on her experiences in its midst. Her descriptions show attention to natural details and her passion for the environment. She identifies native plant species of British Columbia by name. She compares natural processes in the wild to events in society and to the mannerisms of Northern British Columbians. Wigmore draws attention to the fragility of the natural world and its many ecosystems with examples of how it has been altered by humans. She speaks of the contrasts between the natural and the unnatural, emphasizing the power of the natural world over human creations and society.

</doc>
<doc id="20510715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510715" title="Henri-Pierre Danloux">
Henri-Pierre Danloux

Henri-Pierre Danloux (February 24, 1753 – January 3, 1809) was a French painter and draftsman.
He was born in Paris. Brought up by his architect uncle, Danloux was a pupil of Lépicié and later of Vien, whom he followed to Rome in 1775. In 1783, he returned to Lyon and Paris, where he was patroned by the Baronne Mégret de Sérilly d'Etigny, who secured for him a number of important portrait commissions exclusively for the aristocracy. He emigrated to London in 1792 thereby escaping the French Revolution and its potential consequences. 
While in England, he was commissioned for portraits of the officer class and the Well-to-Do. Members of one such family, the Lamberts of Oxforshire, engaged the master in 1800 and had sittings for its individual members: father, mother and son (Henry John Lambert, Bt.), himself, later in life, serving in the Grenadier Regiment of Foot Guards, a Deputy Lieutenant for Oxfordshire and High Sheriff Lambert from a letter - Pawsey & Payne, 1973. Danloux, returned to Paris in 1801, there resuming his career. 
Danloux was influenced by fashionable English portrait painters such as Thomas Lawrence (1769–1830), John Hoppner (1758–1810), and George Romney (1734–1802). In 1793, he exhibited at the Royal Academy in London which resulted in commissions from a number of British patrons.
Danloux died in Paris in 1809.
References.
Pawsey & Payne, Fine Art Dealers: Valuations and Restoration, 1 Bury Street,
St. James's, London S.W. Letter of Valuation dated April 12th, 1973

</doc>
<doc id="20510736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510736" title="Marcelinho Rodrigues">
Marcelinho Rodrigues

Marcelo "Marcelinho" Rodrigues (born 9 January 1987) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for São Luiz.

</doc>
<doc id="20510749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510749" title="Partial impact theory">
Partial impact theory

Partial impact theory is an astronomical theory describing the partial collision of two stars and the temporary creation of a bright third star as a consequence. The theory was explained in Alexander William Bickerton's book "The Romance of the Heavens" published in 1901.
Partial impact theory.
In "The Romance of the Heavens" Bickerton states that a slight ""grazing"" collision between stars would be much more common than a head on impact between stars. So he believed this phenomenon needed to be explained to account for the appearance of bright new stars that would appear in the night sky and disappear within a year or even days.
The theory explains that when the two stellar bodies graze each other, the grazed parts will shear off from the main body of each star. Their velocity will cancel each other's out transforming this energy into heat. While the main mass of each star will continue moving as they did before the collision. The third body created from the two sheared parts of the stars will form between the two original stars.
The temporary star expands after the impact displaying an intense increase in light, after all molecular reactions have taken place the light is replaced by a hollow shell of gas or possibly a planetary nebula, and eventually dissipates into space. Bickerton explains this bright temporary star by saying that it doesn't disappear due to cooling, but that it was too hot to hold together.
The temperature of the third star, isn't dependent on the amount of contact between the two original stars, but rather the chemical makeup of the stars and their velocities going into the collision. The stability of the third body depends on the size of the contact of the original stars, if the contact was small then the mass of the newly created third body will find it harder to attract molecules to it. Rather than if it had a larger mass where molecules would find it more difficult to escape from its larger gravitational pull.

</doc>
<doc id="20510825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510825" title="Simon Carrington">
Simon Carrington

Simon Carrington (born 1942 in Wiltshire) is a conductor, singer and double bass player. He was a founding member and member for 25 years of the Grammy Award-winning vocal ensemble King's Singers; he subsequently worked for 15 years in the United States and now divides his time between London and southwest France. He speaks French and German and holds British and American citizenship. He is father of the British "music comedian" and cello player Rebecca Carrington.
Early life.
Carrington was a chorister at Christ Church Cathedral School Oxford, earned a music exhibition to The King's School, Canterbury, and then read English and Music at King's College, Cambridge as a choral scholar alongside most of the original King's Singers. He completed his master's degree in 1965 and then qualified as a teacher at New College, Oxford.
Career.
From 1968 to 1993, Carrington was a member and co-director of the King's Singers. During this time he was also a free-lance double bass player and was regularly invited as a guest performer, in particular with the BBC Philharmonic and the Monteverdi Orchestra.
Carrington moved to the United States in 1994 and accepted a position at the University of Kansas and later New England Conservatory in Boston. He became professor of conducting at the Yale School of Music in 2003 and founded the Yale Schola Cantorum which he directed for six years. He was appointed Professor Emeritus at Yale University in 2009 and now regularly conducts concerts, workshops and masterclasses around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20510835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510835" title="Sports Nippon">
Sports Nippon

It is an affiliate newspaper of "Mainichi Shimbun".

</doc>
<doc id="20510860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510860" title="Daniel Braga">
Daniel Braga

Douglas Daniel Braga (born July 6, 1985) is a Brazilian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20510865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510865" title="Fort Yawuh">
Fort Yawuh

Fort Yawuh is an acoustic jazz album by American pianist and composer Keith Jarrett. Originally released in 1973 by Impulse! Records, it features a live performance recorded at the Village Vanguard on February 24, 1973, by Jarrett, Dewey Redman, Charlie Haden, Paul Motian, and Danny Johnson.
Critical reception.
In a contemporary review for "Creem" magazine, music critic Robert Christgau gave the album an "A–" and said that, although side one sides like cluttered free jazz at first, it is highlighted by the Ornette Coleman-like playing of saxophonist Dewey Redman. Christgau found side two more accessible because of drummer Paul Motian on "De Drums" and the attractive composition of "Still Life Still Life". 
In a retrospective review, Allmusic's Qa'id Jacobs gave it four stars and stated, "Fans of Jarrett's avant-garde liberalism will find "De Drums" to be the track most unlike the other four selections on this album. "Still Life, Still Life" is more like a ballad in that it's very slow, but it still maintains the structural freedom featured in the "Fort Yawuh," "(If the) Misfits (Wear It)," and "Roads Traveled, Roads Veiled."".
Track listing.
All compositions by Keith Jarrett

</doc>
<doc id="20510868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510868" title="Autumn Flowers – Rerolled">
Autumn Flowers – Rerolled

Autumn Flowers, Rerolled is an album by Quebec hard rock group GrimSkunk released in 1997. It contains re-recorded versions of songs from the 1991 demo tape "Autumn Flowers". Ben Fortier provides lead vocals on "Pourquoi pourquoi ne pas fumer" and backing vocals on "Zig Zag" and "Rhinoceros". Backing vocals on "Mange d'la marde" are featured by Vincent Peake, from former group Groovy Aardvark, Shantal Arroyo, from Overbass and Uncle Costa from Blood Sausage. The twelfth track is the original demo tape Autumn Flowers (1991), which is very rare to no more available.

</doc>
<doc id="20510927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510927" title="WISE-DT2">
WISE-DT2

WISE-DT2, virtual channel 33.2 (UHF digital channel 18.2), is a MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station located in Fort Wayne, Indiana, United States. It operates as a second digital subchannel of NBC affiliate WISE-TV (channel 33), which is owned by the Granite Broadcasting Corporation. Its parent station's studios and transmitter are located on Butler Road in Northwestern Fort Wayne. Syndicated programming on WISE-DT2 includes "Divorce Court", "American Dad!", "Dish Nation", "Family Guy" and "The Trisha Goddard Show". Overnights during the week, the station also airs paid programming from Corner Store TV.
History.
Originally established in 2005, WISE-DT2 was part of NBC Weather Plus and known on-air as "Indiana's NewsCenter Weather Plus". The 24-hour weather channel provided local and national weather forecasts. On January 24, 2006, the Warner Bros. unit of Time Warner and CBS Corporation announced that the two companies would shut down The WB and UPN and combine the networks' respective programming to create a new "fifth" network called The CW. On February 22, 2006, News Corporation announced the launch of a new "sixth" network called MyNetworkTV, which would be operated by Fox Television Stations and its syndication division Twentieth Television. MyNetworkTV was created to compete against another The CW as well as to give UPN and WB stations that were not mentioned as becoming CW affiliates another option besides converting to independent stations.
CBS affiliate WANE-TV (channel 15) offered UPN on its second digital subchannel, while The WB was affiliated with cable-only "WBFW" (with programming provided through The WB 100+, and promotional and advertising services provided by WPTA, channel 21). On September 5, 2006, WISE-TV moved NBC Weather Plus programming to its third digital subchannel in order for WISE-DT2 to become the area's MyNetworkTV affiliate. The move – along with "WBFW" affiliating with The CW (with the channel being carried on WPTA's second digital subchannel) on September 18 – resulted in the deactivation of WANE's second digital subchannel, which remained dark until it affiliated with TheCoolTV in 2010.
In June 2011, it was announced that WISE-DT2 would join Fox beginning August 1, 2011 taking the affiliation from then-current outlet WFFT-TV (owned by the Nexstar Broadcasting Group). The switch was the result of a dispute over retransmission consent fees between Nexstar and Fox. Upon the switch, the station shifted MyNetworkTV to secondary status on WISE-DT2 and began airing the two-hour weeknight programming block from 10:30 p.m. until 12:30 a.m. The first Fox program to air on WISE-DT2 was "Hell's Kitchen". With the addition of high definition capabilities to this station, WISE-DT3 (which featured 24-hour national NBC Plus to NBC Weather Plus and local "The VIPIR Channel" weather programming) moved to WPTA's third digital subchannel (currently home to "Indiana's NewsCenter Now"). It is unknown if the two services will be merged in anyway or one will be dropped. Negotiations are under way to provide an HD feed of WISE-DT2 on area cable providers. The station was upgraded to a 720p high definition signal on June 27.
On July 25, 2011, Nexstar Broadcasting filed an antitrust lawsuit against Granite Broadcasting, claiming that the latter company tried to monopolize advertising sales through its shared services agreement with WPTA (owned by Malara Broadcast Group) and the five network affiliations that were shared between WPTA and WISE at the time (WPTA already carried ABC and CW programming, while in addition to the Fox and MyNetworkTV programming on its second digital subchannel, NBC is carried on WISE-TV's primary channel). Nexstar sought a judgment that would force either WPTA or WISE-TV to give up at least one of the three Big Four affiliations it had. This lawsuit was settled on February 5, 2013, resulting in a reversal of the 2011 switch as Fox agreed to bring that network's local affiliation back to WFFT; Fox programming moved to WFFT from WISE-DT2 on March 1, with MyNetworkTV once again becoming the subchannel's sole network affiliation. The last Fox program to air on WISE-DT2 was "American Idol" on February 28.
On February 11, 2014, it was announced that Quincy Newspapers would acquire WPTA from Malara Broadcast Group as part of its purchase of several other Granite stations, while SagamoreHill Broadcasting would acquire WISE-TV (and therefore WISE-DT2) from Granite. WPTA will then provide services to WISE. 
Newscasts.
On July 24, 2006, WISE-TV began to produce a primetime newscast at 10 p.m. for the subchannel. Known on-air as "Indiana's NewsCenter Prime News", the 30-minute weeknight program pre-empted regular NBC Weather Plus programming normally seen in the timeslot. It began to be simulcast on WPTA-DT2 when that subchannel launched as a CW affiliate that September. As a MyNetworkTV outlet, WISE-DT2 began to air repeats of its parent station's weekday morning newscast at 7, WPTA's midday newscast (at 1 p.m.), and the weeknight 6 o'clock broadcast at 6:30. Although WISE-TV and WPTA became the only stations in Fort Wayne to upgrade their local newscasts to widescreen enhanced definition on May 18, 2009, all newscasts seen on WISE-DT2 remained in pillarboxed standard definition.
After WISE-DT2 joined Fox, "Indiana's NewsCenter Prime News" was upgraded to widescreen SD. WPTA-DT2's simulcast of that program as well as the repeats of local newscasts from WISE and WPTA on WISE-DT2's schedule were dropped at some point in the fall of 2011. Corresponding with WISE-TV and WPTA further upgrading to full HD newscasts, the primetime newscast on the subchannel was relaunched as "MyFox Fort Wayne News at 10" on October 14, 2012 and began originating from a new secondary set. The program also introduced an updated graphics package and news music package that is separate from the on-air presentation of the main WISE-TV channel's local news programs. The broadcast continued to air only weeknights for a half-hour. On February 5, 2013 following the announcement that Fox programming would move back to WFFT on March 1, the 10 p.m. newscast was cancelled. On March 4, 2013, WISE-TV began newscasts at 4, 6 and 11 p.m. that effectively revived the format used on the WISE-DT2 newscast.

</doc>
<doc id="20510960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510960" title="Cliff Field">
Cliff Field

Cliff Field, born 06/03/1943 in Dunstable, England, also known as "Cliffy Field" and "Iron Man", was a professional boxer between 1968 and 1971. He achieved greater renown after this on the unlicensed circuit. Among his victims was the self-proclaimed "Guv'nor", Lenny McLean, who was knocked out twice by Field. In a 1982 bankruptcy case, McLean described Field by saying "He looked as though he had come out of the mountains. He was six foot seven inches, weighed 19½ stone and was as strong as a horse" (although footage of the two fighting would indicate this is to be a gross exaggeration, possibly an attempt of McLean to excuse his alleged loses.)

</doc>
<doc id="20510968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510968" title="Johnny Possums Good Time Hootin Band">
Johnny Possums Good Time Hootin Band

The Johnny Possum Band (formerly known as Johnny Possums Good Time Hootin Band) is a New Zealand band playing a style of music heavily influenced by Bluegrass, Old Time, Americana, Folk and alt country. They play banjo, guitar, mandolin, fiddle and double bass. Of note is that at different times every member of the band takes the role of lead vocalist and they display traditional tight 3 part vocal harmonies. The band was formed in Christchurch in 2005 and originally featured a line-up of 6 members. Sean Whitaker on Banjo, Bryan Peters on Mandolin, Vicki Johnson on Fiddle, Keith Taylor on Guitar, Ieuan Attewell on Bass and Justin Ryan on Harmonica. By late 2006 the line up had changed with Justin and Ieuan leaving the band to pursue other interests and Jonathan Rosanowski joining on Double Bass. Vicki Johnson left the band in early 2010 and was replaced by Kat Lambarth.
The band released their first CD, 'Tickets', in November 2006 and it was one of three finalists for the New Zealand Country Music Awards for Best Album in 2007. Their first original single, 'Bluegrass Saved the Earth' was one of the three finalists for the APRA Country Music Single of the Year in the same year. The band played that year at the 2007 Gold Guitar awards which host the New Zealand Country music awards annually. The album was largely influenced by bluegrass and featured many traditional bluegrass tunes.
Their 2nd CD, released in mid-2008, entitled 'Twister', saw the band display their own song writing talents to a greater degree with most of the songs on this album being original works. The sound changed from strictly Bluegrass to include strong elements of folk, old time, Americana, Celtic and rockabilly. In July 2009 they released their 3rd CD of 15 tracks and a live DVD with 27 tracks recorded at the Harbour Light Theatre in Lyttelton, New Zealand. The tracks are a mix of old favourites and new band material that was previously unrecorded. The band also took the opportunity to shorten the official band name to just The Johnny Possum Band.
The band released a greatest hits compilation exclusively for digital distribution in 2009. This compilation, "High Lights 2005 - 2009" features songs from all three CDs released 2005 - 2009.
For their 4th CD release the band brought in Rob Mayes of Avalanche Audio as producer to help redefine the sound. This CD was due for release October 2011.
They have played extensively throughout New Zealand and undertaken mini tours to the USA in 2007 (Illinois, Iowa and Indiana) and 2008 (North Carolina, Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland and Tennessee) where the band has built up a strong fan base. The band have been credited with reviving this particular genre of Americana music in New Zealand with their regular performances and daily inclusion on the New Zealand country music radio station network (TLC Radio) play list.

</doc>
<doc id="20510981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510981" title="Turgay Bahadır">
Turgay Bahadır

Turgay Bahadır (born 15 January 1984 in Vienna) is a Turkish-Austrian footballer who plays for İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyespor in the Turkish Süper Lig.
Career.
Bahadir began his career with First Vienna FC wons here 1999 the youth championship and was than scouted from SK Rapid Wien in summer 2000. He left than SK Rapid Wien and joined in summer 2003 to SC Austria Lustenau. After sixty games, who scores five goals for SC Austria Lustenau joined to league rival SC Schwanenstadt. Bahadir joined than in summer 2007 from SC Schwanenstadt to the land of his ancestral estate Turkey and signed with Kayserispor. After two years with Kayserispor, who played forty-seven games and scores four goals joined than on 29 July 2009 to Bursaspor.
Bursaspor.
With Bursaspor, Bahadır advanced as a football player and fit well with the tactical gameplay of manager Ertuğrul Sağlam. During the entire 2009–2010 Turkish Super League season he usually played as a pivotal striker for Bursaspor, but due to his high technical abilities he was also used as a right winger (MCR) in the absence of Volkan Sen where he performed flawlessly. Bursaspor became the champions in the Turkish Super League 2009–2010 season for the first time in the club's history, whilst Bahadır scored 7 league goals and 3 Ziraat Turkish Cup goals. His most vital goals for Bursaspor in this season were against Trabzonspor in Huseyin Avni Aker Stadium (a high header from penalty area) in a league game and against Denizlispor in Ziraat Turkish Cup; both matches ended with 1–1 draw results.
National team.
He played for Austria U21 and on 15 May 2010, Turkey National Football Team manager Guus Hiddink enlisted Bahadır in the Turkey squad in addition to his fellow Bursaspor teammates Sercan Yıldırım, Volkan Şen and Ozan İpek.
Privates.
Bahadır is the cousin of Cem und Cemil Tosun and holds a Turkish passport.

</doc>
<doc id="20510987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510987" title="Prime Evil">
Prime Evil

Prime Evil may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20510990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510990" title="Rónald Cháves">
Rónald Cháves

Club career.
Cháves won the 1996-97 Primera División de Costa Rica with L.D. Alajuelense.
International career.
Cháves also made four appearances for the senior Costa Rica national football team, his debut coming in a friendly against Slovakia on 5 February 1997.
He also played at the 1989 FIFA World Youth Championship in Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="20510997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510997" title="Rider University College of Continuing Studies">
Rider University College of Continuing Studies

The Rider University College of Continuing Studies is one of four colleges that comprise Rider University.
Notable alumni.
The College's alumni have held positions of President and COO of Dow Jones and Company; Senior Vice President and Controller of ITT Automotive; Chief Financial Officer of Roma Bank; Senior Vice President and CFP of Shore Community Bank; Timothy J. Moonan, Co-Chairman of the Board and CEO of Hibbert Group; Chief Information Officer of Toll Brothers; President and COO of RAIT Investment Trust; Christy Stephenson, the President and CEO of Robert Wood Johnson Hospital at Hamilton; President and CEO of the Sands Hotel and Casino; Samuel J. Plumeri, the Director of Public Safety and Superintendent of Police for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey; Mark A. Wolters, President and CEO of Grand Bank; among many others.

</doc>
<doc id="20511017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511017" title="Hwang Yeon-Seok">
Hwang Yeon-Seok

Hwang Yeon-Seok (born on October 17, 1973) is a South Korea retired football player who is currently coach of Cheonggu High School football team.
He was played in Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma for nine seasons. At Seongnam, he played 270 games and scored 55 goals, 28 assists. 
End of 2003 season, he transfer to newly formed Incheon United. In Incheon, he played total 30 games and scored 3 goals. He played 29 games by substitute. 
In 2006 season, he moved to Daegu FC and play two seasons. At Daegu he played 48 games and 6 goals 4 assists, total.
In 2008, He moved to Korea National League side Goyang Kookmin Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="20511029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511029" title="1974 Dallas Cowboys season">
1974 Dallas Cowboys season

The 1974 Dallas Cowboys season was their 15th in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 10–4, winning only eight games. They failed to qualify for the playoffs for the first time in nine seasons and this marked the only season from 1966 to 1983 (18 seasons) that the Cowboys did not qualify. 
The Cowboys began with a 1–4 start and although they went 7–2 afterwards, it was not enough to overcome the slow start.
The season featured one of the most memorable Thanksgiving Day games in Cowboys history. Trailing 16–3 in the second half (and having already lost quarterback Roger Staubach to injury), little used backup Clint Longley threw two touchdown passes to lead the team to a 24–23 victory over the Redskins at Texas Stadium.
1974 was also a season of transition; as it would be the final season of future Hall of Fame defensive tackle Bob Lilly. Also finishing their careers that season would be fullback Walt Garrison; and center Dave Manders. Also, this would be the final season for wide receiver Bob Hayes (who would finish his career with the San Francisco 49ers the following year); running back Calvin Hill (who departed for the Hawaiians of the World Football League); defensive end Pat Toomay (who left for the Buffalo Bills); guard John Niland (who left the following year for the Philadelphia Eagles) and quarterback Craig Morton (traded early in the season to the New York Giants) in a Cowboy uniform.

</doc>
<doc id="20511036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511036" title="Mohd Suffian Abdul Rahman">
Mohd Suffian Abdul Rahman

Mohd Suffian Abdul Rahman Kungi Raman (born February 23, 1978) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing as a goalkeeper for Felda United FC. He is a former member of the Malaysian national football team.
Suffian only earn one international cap for Malaysia in the match against Cambodia after substituting Azizon Abdul Kadir. He also was part of the Malaysian 2007 AFC Asian Cup squad but did not play any matches in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20511064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511064" title="Jonathan Téhoué">
Jonathan Téhoué

Jonathan Kahne Téhoué (born 3 May 1984 in Paris) is a French footballer who is plays for US Boulogne. He is known as a super-sub amongst Leyton Orient fans, having scored nine goals after the 85th minute of various matches since he joined the club.
Club career.
Téhoué previously played for SC Bastia in France, APOEL in Cyprus, R.E. Virton and FC Brussels in Belgium. He transferred to Kasımpaşa S.K. in August 2007 and moved to Konyaspor in February 2008.
Huddersfield Town.
After a successful trial, English Football League One club Huddersfield Town signed him subject to international clearance on 2 February 2009, but, because of a contractual dispute between Téhoué and Konyaspor, this was not forthcoming. FIFA became involved, but no decision was reached in time for the deal to be completed in the 2008–09 season.
Leyton Orient.
Upon leaving Konyaspor, Téhoué had a short spell with French side UJA Alfortville. On 12 January 2010, he was signed by Football League One club Leyton Orient on a short-term contract until the end of the 2009-10 season after impressing on a trial with the club.
On 2 February 2010, Téhoué scored his first goal in English football, converting Sean Thornton's cross from close range to score the fifth in Orient's 5–0 win over Bristol Rovers. On 12 March 2010 he signed a 2½-year deal with the club which will keep him at The O's until 2012.
Tehoue scored his first goal of the 2010/11 season against Hartlepool United on Saturday 16 October 2010, smashing home from six yards in the 89th minute to earn the O's a 1–0 victory.
On 7 December 2010, Téhoué scored a late equaliser in the FA Cup Second Round against Droylsden and went on to complete a hat-trick in extra-time. His team-mate Scott McGleish also achieved a hat-trick in extra-time, ultimately guiding Orient to an 8–2 victory and a place in the third round. On 20 February 2011, Téhoué came off the bench to score the late equaliser in Orient's fifth round 1–1 draw against Arsenal to earn Leyton Orient a replay at the Emirates Stadium.
After four months out with a broken wrist, Tehoue made his comeback with two goals in his first two games, coming on as a substitute to score in the 74th minute to round off a 3-0 win against Exeter before netting Orient's second against Notts County in the 85th minute (again as a sub).
Swindon Town.
On 7 March 2012, Téhoué went on loan to Swindon Town until the end of the season, stating that he did not get on well with Orient manager Russell Slade, and that he hoped to stay at Swindon and score against Orient in League One the following season. However, after one start and two substitute appearances for the Robins, manager Paolo Di Canio said that Téhoué would not play for the club again, claiming, "He's not as good as I thought he was."
Personal life.
Contrary to reports, Téhoué is not related to former Arsenal defender Emmanuel Eboué. Téhoué has confirmed that they are just good friends and share Ivorian heritage. He is also friends with the many French players in the Gunners squad, such as Abou Diaby, and has known Alex Song since they played together at SC Bastia.

</doc>
<doc id="20511080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511080" title="Guido Ruggiero">
Guido Ruggiero

Guido Ruggiero is a notable microhistorian and professor and chair of the University of Miami History Department. His most notable work is "Binding Passions: Tales of Magic, Marriage and Power from the End of the Renaissance".

</doc>
<doc id="20511092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511092" title="Retort (collective)">
Retort (collective)

The Retort is a community of about forty writers, teachers, artists, and activists, all self-styled opponents of capital and empire, which has been based for the past two decades in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Retort is a gathering of antinomians. It is not a typical collective; there is no explicit program. Retort is a motley crew - writers, artists, teachers, artisans, scientists, poets - joined in a web of sustaining friendships, who share an antagonism to the present order of things. Retort has been meeting on a regular basis for the last two decades, for the most part to eat and drink together, but also to discuss politics, history, aesthetics, and the terms and tactics of root-and-branch opposition to capital, empire and the various versions of barbarism currently on offer. There is a deep appreciation of old cafes and city taverns, competing with a tendency to favor the open air - rambles, the back country, tidepool picnics, wild swimming. The gathering has produced broadsides and pamphlets for particular occasions, and from time to time they also organize more public events - readings, conviviums, evenings of film, and so forth. There are collaborations of many kinds within the milieu.
The name "Retort" acknowledges that the project is engaged in a wider conversation whose terms and assumptions they reject, and that Retorters stand on ground, rhetorical and otherwise, not of our own choosing. Some feel forced to spend much of the time - far too much - in rebuttals, demurrers, rejoinders. In a word, retorting. The name gestures to an obscure non-sectarian 1940s journal of that title, which at first, (new) Retort thought seriously about reviving. It was edited and published out of a cabin in Bearsville, a hamlet near Woodstock, New York. "Retort"'s printing press had belonged to the eloquent Wobbly agitator Carlo Tresca, before he was assassinated on the streets of Manhattan, perhaps by agents of Benito Mussolini. The journal "Retort" was anti-statist, anti-militarist and published essays on art, politics and culture. Poetry too - the first issue published the Kenneth Rexroth poem that begins:
Retort Press also published "Prison Etiquette: The Convict's Compendium of Useful Information" compiled by war resisters, specifically those imprisoned for refusing to collaborate either with the state or with the Anabaptist "peace churches" who had agreed with the US government to self-manage the rural work camps for conscientious objectors. Finally, a retort is like the alchemist's vessel that ferments, distills, transforms. It's fragile, it needs fire, there may be problems with the underlying theory, but there's occasional magic.
Retort's broadsheet "Neither Their War Nor Their Peace"
The broadsheet "All Quiet On The Eastern Front" was part of Retort's installation at the second Seville Biennial. 
Associated members include English geographer Michael Watts, Irish social historian Iain Boal, British art historian T.J. Clark, radical attorney Joseph Matthews, labor historian Cal Winslow, editor Eddie Yuen, economic geographer Richard Walker, art historian Anne Wagner, Victor Serge translator James Brook, microbial ecologist Ignacio Chapela, poet and writer Summer Brenner, Balkan anarchist Andrej Grubačić, and Italian literary scholar Franco Moretti.

</doc>
<doc id="20511096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511096" title="Capture of Hưng Hóa">
Capture of Hưng Hóa

The Capture of Hưng Hóa (12 April 1884) was an important French victory in the Tonkin Campaign (1883–86).
Background.
Hưng Hóa was captured by the French a month to the day after the capture of Bắc Ninh. General Charles-Théodore Millot, the commander-in-chief of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps, followed up his victory in the Bắc Ninh Campaign by mopping up scattered Chinese garrisons left behind by the Guangxi Army after the rout at Bắc Ninh by mounting a major campaign against Liu Yongfu's Black Flag Army and Prince Hoàng Kế Viêm's Annamese forces, which had retreated to Hưng Hóa after their defeat in the Sơn Tây Campaign (December 1883). In April 1884 Millot advanced on Hưng Hóa with both brigades of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps.
March to Hưng Hóa, 4–10 April 1884.
The base for the Hưng Hóa campaign was Sơn Tây. General Louis Brière de l'Isle's 1st Brigade set out from Hanoi on 5 April, after parading through the town in an imposing display of strength. General François de Négrier's 2nd Brigade, which was deployed around Bắc Ninh and Phu Liang Giang, set off for Hanoi on 4 April. On 5 April the 2nd Brigade spent the entire day crossing the Red River, and on the next day, it paraded through Hanoi on its way west to Sơn Tây. Marching overland from Hanoi past the battlefields of 1883, the two brigades reached Sơn Tây on 6–7 April, respectively. On 8 April both brigades left Sơn Tây, marching toward the Black River, so as to approach Hưng Hóa from the south and the southeast, respectively. Millot sent Colonel Belin's marine infantry marching regiment on ahead to seize the village of Tai Bắc on the Black River and fortify it as a base for the river crossing and subsequent march on Hưng Hóa. On 10 April, after a day spent scouting ahead, Brière de l'Isle's 1st Brigade reached the Black River. On 11 April, the brigade set off southwards at dawn on a wide outflanking march to threaten Liu Yongfu's line of retreat. The brigade crossed the Black River and marched northwest along the mountain path, approaching Hưng Hóa from the south. 
Meanwhile, de Négrier's 2nd Brigade painfully crossed the Black River at Vu Chu on 10 April. Millot's staff had assembled fifteen junks and two tugs for this operation, but de Négrier had nearly 4,000 men to get across and a large artillery train. Five French soldiers and a dozen coolies, too impatient to wait their turn to cross the river by junk, tried to swim across and were carried away by the strong current and drowned. These were the only French casualties of the Hưng Hóa operation. At 6 a.m. on 11 April the 2nd Brigade left the Black River and marched due west towards Hưng Hóa. At 9 a.m. the brigade's advance guard occupied a position on a wooded height overlooking the Red River above the village of Trung Hà, whose plateau, thickly covered in tall umbrella pines, offered an ideal observation post and firing platform for the French artillery. Hưng Hóa on the southern bank of the Red River, was clearly visible five kilometres to the west. By 10:00, Millot's heavy artillery and the bulk of the 2nd Brigade's infantry were assembled on the Trung Hà plateau. The Black Flags remained inside Hưng Hóa, and made no attempt to dispute the French advance. Millot had hoped that the gunboats of the Tonkin Flotilla could support the attack, but "Hache" and "Yatagan" drew too much water to sail beyond the confluence of the Red River and the Clear River. Only "Trombe" and "Éclair" reached the junction of the Red and Black Rivers to take part in the upcoming battle. 
Bombardment and capture of Hưng Hóa, 11–12 April 1884.
The Black Flags had thrown up an impressive series of fortifications around Hưng Hóa, but Millot made no attempt to attack the town's formidable defences. Having pinned the Black Flags frontally with General de Négrier's 2nd Brigade, he subjected Hưng Hóa to a ferocious artillery bombardment from Trung Hà with two 80-millimetre and one 90-millimetre artillery batteries. The bombardment began at 10 a.m. on 11 April and lasted for several hours, setting many buildings inside Hưng Hóa alight and inflicting heavy casualties on the Black Flag defenders. The French did not suffer a single battle casualty. The soldiers of the 2nd Brigade spent the day in complete idleness, enjoying the warm spring sunshine and watching the smoke rise silently from Hưng Hóa as the French artillery methodically reduced the town to ruins. While Millot's artillery bombarded Hưng Hóa, General Louis Brière de l'Isle's 1st Brigade successfully executed its flank march to the south of Hưng Hóa. On 11 April, seeing Brière de l'Isle's Turcos and marine infantry emerging behind their flank at Xuân Đồng, the Black Flags evacuated Hưng Hóa before they were trapped inside. They set alight the remaining buildings before they left, and on the following morning the French found the town completely abandoned.
Order of the day.
On 13 April 1884, Millot issued the following order of the day to mark the capture of Hưng Hóa:
Un mois jour pour jour après la prise de Bac-Ninh, vous entrez dans la citadelle de Hong-Hoa. C'est une nouvelle et brillante victoire, dont la République vous remercie. Si j'ai été assez heureux pour épargner votre sang, vous m’avez en revanche prodigué votre énergie dans les circonstances fréquentes où j'ai dû y faire appel. Je suis heureux de vous le dire. Si vous avez agrandi notre possession d'une belle province, vous avez prouvé de nouveau que la France avait de vigoureux soldats animés du plus pur patriotisme.
TRANSLATION: "One month to the day after the capture of Bắc Ninh you have entered the citadel of Hong-Hoa. This is a new and splendid victory for which the Republic thanks you. If I have been fortunate enough to have spared your blood, you have repaid me by giving lavishly of your energy on the many occasions I have had to call upon it. I am happy to say that you have not only added a fair province to our possessions but have once again shown that France has vigorous soldiers animated by the purest kind of patriotism."
Aftermath.
Given its strategic importance, Millot decided to occupy Hưng Hóa. He appointed Lieutenant-Colonel Jacques Duchesne "commandant supérieur" of Hưng Hóa, and the town was garrisonned with the 1st and 2nd Legion Battalions (Lieutenant-Colonel Donnier and "chef de bataillon" Hutin). The Black Flag Army retreated westwards up the Red River to Thanh Quan, while Prince Hoàng Kế Viêm's Vietnamese forces fell back southwards from Dong Yan towards the Annam-Tonkin border, making for the sanctuary of the province of Thành Hóa, where the French had not yet installed any garrisons. Millot dispatched Lieutenant-Colonel Letellier with two Turco battalions and supporting cavalry to harry Liu Yongfu's retreat, and sent General Brière de l'Isle with the rest of the 1st Brigade in pursuit of Prince Hoang.
During the last fortnight of April Brière de l'Isle pursued Prince Hoang's forces through the southeast provinces of Tonkin, through towns and villages that had never before seen a French soldier. After entering Đồng Yan and destroying its citadel he faced about and marched down to the Black River, crossed the river at Gran Co, then left the mountains and led his troops down the Day River to Ninh Bình, accepting the submission of small prefectures. Millot sent the gunboats "Carabine" to Phú Lý, and the "Mousqueton" to Ninh Bình to further intimidate inhabitants of the southeast provinces as well as to hunt down stragglers from Prince Hoang's army. In early May, Brière de l'Isle cornered Prince Hoang in Phú Ngô, several kilometres northwest of Ninh Bình, but the French government forbade him to attack the Vietnamese defences, having just received news that China was ready to treat with France over the future of Tonkin. Further French successes in the spring of 1884, including the capture of Thái Nguyên, had convinced the Empress Dowager Cixi that China should come to terms, and an accord was reached between France and China in May. The negotiations took place in Tientsin. Li Hongzhang, the leader of the Chinese moderates, represented China; and Captain François-Ernest Fournier, commander of the French cruiser "Volta", represented France. The Tientsin Accord, concluded on 11 May 1884, provided for a Chinese troop withdrawal from Tonkin in return for a comprehensive treaty that would settle details of trade and commerce between France and China and provide for the demarcation of its disputed border with Vietnam.
It was hoped the Tientsin Accord would resolve the confrontation between France and China in Tonkin, but a clash between French and Chinese troops at Bắc Lè on 23 June 1884 plunged both countries into a fresh crisis. China's refusal to pay an indemnity for the Bắc Lệ ambush led two months later to the outbreak of the Sino-French War (August 1884 – April 1885).

</doc>
<doc id="20511099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511099" title="Lucea">
Lucea

Lucea may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20511111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511111" title="Keith Butler (cyclist)">
Keith Butler (cyclist)

Keith Butler (born 2 September 1938) is a former British cycling champion who raced as a professional in Belgium and France and who now organises cycle races in England.
Biography.
Butler was born in London, England, in 1938. As an amateur, Butler won stages of the Milk Race, the Tour of Britain, in 1961 and 1963. He won the national team pursuit championship with colleagues from the Norwood Paragon club, south London, in 1963.
He went to Belgium to race soon afterwards. He won his second race, the first of 11 victories. He said:
He won the professional British National Road Race Championships at Harlow, Essex, in 1964, beating Albert Hitchen and Ged Coles. He finished third in 1965.
He returned to Belgium, took a fully professional licence - until then he had been an independent, a semi-professional allowed to ride with both amateurs and professionals - and rode briefly for Jacques Anquetil's St-Raphaël team before leaving shortly afterwards for the Ruberg team in West Germany. The team rode bikes made in Britain by Viking Cycles. Butler earned 5,000 francs a month, he remembers, "which doesn't sound much now but remember that 1,000 francs would get you a flat for a month and that on top of your retainer you got your travel expenses and your prizes."
He rode the Belgian spring classics and finished 14th in the Tour of Flanders. He rode for Tom Simpson, a fellow Briton, in the 1965 world championship in Spain. There he followed Anquetil as the Frenchman began to chase. Anquetil was one of the fastest riders in the world alone. Butler said: "It was like riding behind a bloody motorbike!"
He now organises cycle races in southern England. He formed the Surrey League, a consortium of organisers, in 1974. It runs 170 races a year. He managed the British road teams at the world championship in Colorado and has managed other teams in France, the Netherlands and Ireland.
His father, Stan Butler, was a significant time-triallist in Britain in an era when the country had only velodrome racing and dawn competitions on the road against the clock. Stan Butler also rode the Olympic Games. Keith Butler's son, Gethin Butler, was a prominent amateur rider in Britain during the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20511116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511116" title="USCGC Matagorda (WAVP-373)">
USCGC Matagorda (WAVP-373)

USCGC "Matagorda" (WAVP-373), later WHEC-373, was a "Casco"-class United States Coast Guard Cutter in service from 1949 to 1967.
Construction and U.S. Navy service.
"Matagorda" began life as the United States Navy "Barnegat"-class seaplane tender USS "Matagorda" (AVP-22). She was laid down on 6 September 1940 at the Boston Navy Yard at Boston, Massachusetts, launched on 18 March 1941, and commissioned into the U.S. Navy on 16 December 1941. She operated in the Caribbean and Atlantic during World War II. In July 1945 she began conversion to a press information ship, designated AG-122, for use in the scheduled 1945-1946 invasion of Japan, but was converted back into a seaplane tender when the end of the war made the invasion unnecessary. She was decommissioned on 20 February 1946 and placed in the Atlantic Reserve Fleet at Orange, Texas.
Transferred to the United States Coast Guard.
"Barnegat"-class ships were very reliable and seaworthy and had good habitability, and the Coast Guard viewed them as ideal for ocean station duty, in which they would perform weather reporting and search and rescue tasks, once they were modified by having a balloon shelter added aft and having oceanographic equipment, an oceanographic winch, and a hydrographic winch installed.
The Navy loaned "Matagorda" to the Coast Guard on 7 March 1949. The Coast Guard converted her into a weather-reporting ship and commissioned her as USCGC "Matagorda" (WAVP-373) on 8 June 1949.
"Matagorda"s primary duty during her Coast Guard service was to serve on ocean stations to gather meteorological data. While on duty in one of these stations, she was required to patrol a 210-square-mile (544-square-kilometer) area for three weeks at a time, leaving the area only when physically relieved by another Coast Guard cutter or in the case of a dire emergency. While on station, she acted as an aircraft check point at the point of no return, a relay point for messages from ships and aircraft, as a source of the latest weather information for passing aircraft, as a floating oceanographic laboratory, and as a search-and-rescue ship for downed aircraft and vessels in distress, and engaged in law enforcement operations.
U.S. Coast Guard service.
"Matagorda" was stationed at Boston, Massachusetts, from her commissioning on 8 June 1949 until 1954. She was used for law enforcement, ocean station, and search and rescue operations in the Atlantic Ocean.
In 1954 she was transferred to Honolulu, Hawaii, and took up duties in the Pacific Ocean similar to those she had performed in the Atlantic.
On 26 January 1956, "Matagorda" delivered clothing from Washington Intermediate School in Honolulu to an orphanage in Japan.
In August 1960, "Matagorda" towed the disabled fishing vessel "Wild Goose II".
On 12 January 1965, "Matagorda" stood by the disabled Liberian tanker "Saint Helena" northwest of Midway Atoll; "Saint Helena" had sustained hull damage due to heavy seas and was in danger of breaking in two. "Matagorda" herself sustained damage; she was relieved by Coast Guard Cutter USCGC "Bering Strait" (WAVP-382) on 13 January 1965 and proceeded to Hawaii, via Midway, in heavy seas.
In mid-September 1965, "Matagorda" escorted the disabled Liberian merchant ship "Londias" to Honolulu.
On 27 February 1966, "Matagorda" transferred of water to the disabled merchant ship "Union Success" and took her under tow until relieved of towing duties.
"Matagorda" was reclassified as a high endurance cutter and redesignated WHEC-373 on 1 May 1966.
Decommissioning and disposal.
"Matagorda" was decommissioned at Honolulu on 15 October 1967. On 30 October 1968 she was returned to the Navy, which sank her as a target off Hawaii in early 1969 in position 20°08’ North, 158°30’West.

</doc>
<doc id="20511142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511142" title="Tuya Lake">
Tuya Lake

Tuya Lake, located in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, presumably derives its name from the presence of nearby steep-sided, flat-topped volcanoes, known as tuyas. The lake is situated just south of Tuya Butte at a latitude of about 59 degrees North and a longitude of about 131 degrees West.
Fish species.
The fish species that are native to Tuya Lake include Arctic grayling (Thymalus arcticus), Bull trout (Salvelinus confluentus), Longnose sucker (Catostomus catostomus), Burbot (Lota lota), Prickly Sculpin (Cottus asper), and Slimy sculpin (Cottus cognatus). While it is not a native species, Sockeye salmon (Oncorhynchus nerka) can also be found in Tuya Lake.
Impact of the Pacific Salmon Treaty.
The Pacific Salmon Treaty was created in 1985 and it is an agreement between the United States and Canada aimed at conserving Salmon populations and maintaining equity in the area of Salmon fishing. As a part of this treaty, the amount of Sockeye salmon was increased by 100,000 in the Stikine Water Shed, which Tuya Lake is a part of.
Surrounding Areas.
Much of the area surrounding Tuya Lake consists of undeveloped wilderness. The human activity around Tuya Lake is limited mainly to hunting and other outdoor activities. Common animals that attract hunters include Caribou, Grizzly Bear, Moose, Mountain Goat, Black Bear, Wolf, and Wolverine. The types of waterfowl in the area include Northern pintail, Lesser Scaup, and Red-throated loon.
Landforms and Vegetation.
The Tuya Lake region is in close proximity to many mountains, plateaus, tuyas, and valleys. In lowland areas, wetlands are common. Forests of White Spruce, Willow, Birch, and Fir are present.
Tributaries.
Tuya Lake empties into Tuya River which flows in a South or Southwest direction until it enters the Stikine River. It is fed by numerous tributaries, most notably Butte Creek, as well as several others that are not named.

</doc>
<doc id="20511149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511149" title="Entanglement distillation">
Entanglement distillation

Entanglement distillation is the transformation of N copies of an arbitrary entangled state formula_1 into some number of approximately pure Bell pairs, using only local operations and classical communication (LOCC). Entanglement distillation can in this way overcome the degenerative influence of noisy quantum channels by transforming previously shared less entangled pairs into a smaller number of maximally entangled pairs (Bell states).
History.
The limits for entanglement dilution and distillation are due to Bennett, Bernstein, Popescu and Schumacher. Entanglement distillation protocols for pure states were originally presented in a paper by C. H. Bennett, H. Bernstein, S. Popescu, and B. Schumacher while Entanglement distillation protocols for mixed states were introduced by Bennett, Brassard, Popescu, Schumacher, Smolin and Wootters in a paper later that year in the same journal. Bennett, DiVincenzo, Smolin and Wootters established the connection to quantum error-correction in a ground-breaking paper published in August 1996 also in the journal of Physical Review, which has stimulated a lot of subsequent research.
Quantifying Entanglement.
A two qubit system can be written as a superposition of possible computational basis qubit states: formula_2, each with an associated complex coefficient formula_3:
As in the case of a single qubit, the probability of measuring a particular computational basis state formula_5 is the amplitude of its associated coefficient formula_6, subject to the normalization condition formula_7.
The Bell state is a particularly important example of a two qubit state:formula_8
Bell states possess the amazing property that measurement outcomes of a Bell state are correlated. As can be seen from the expression above, the two possible measurement outcomes are zero and one, both with probability of 50%. As a result, a measurement of the second qubit always gives the same result as the measurement of the first qubit.
Bell states can be used to quantify entanglement. Let "m" be the number of high-fidelity copies of a Bell state that can be produced using LOCC. Given a large number of Bell states the amount of entanglement present in a pure state formula_9 can then be defined as the ratio of formula_10, called the distillable entanglement of a particular state formula_11, which gives a quantified measure of the amount of entanglement present in a given system. The process of entanglement distillation aims to saturate this limiting ratio. The number of copies of a pure state that may be converted into a maximally entangled state is equal to the von Neumann entropy S(p) of the state, which is an extension of the concept of classical entropy for quantum systems. Mathematically, for a given density matrix p, the von Neumann entropy S(p) is formula_12. Entanglement can then be quantified as the entropy of entanglement, which is the von Neumann entropy of either formula_13 or formula_14 as:
Which ranges from 0 for a product state to 1 for a maximally entangled state.
Motivation.
Suppose that two parties, Alice and Bob, would like to communicate classical information over a noisy quantum channel. Either classical or quantum information can be transmitted over a quantum channel by encoding the information in a quantum state. With this knowledge, Alice encodes the classical information that she intends to send to Bob in a (quantum) product state, as a tensor product of reduced density matrices formula_16... where each formula_17 is diagonal and can only be used as a one time input for a particular channel formula_18.
The fidelity of the noisy quantum channel is a measure of how closely the output of a quantum channel resembles the input, and is therefore a measure of how well a quantum channel preserves information. If a pure state formula_19 is sent into a quantum channel emerges as the state represented by density matrix formula_20, the fidelity of transmission is defined as formula_21.
The problem that Alice and Bob now face is that quantum communication over large distances depends upon successful distribution of highly entangled quantum states, and due to unavoidable noise in quantum communication channels, the quality of entangled states generally decreases exponentially with channel length as a function of the fidelity of the channel. Entanglement distillation addresses this problem of maintaining a high degree of entanglement between distributed quantum states by transforming N copies of an arbitrary entangled state formula_1 into approximately formula_23 Bell pairs, using only local operations and classical communication. The objective is to share strongly correlated qubits between distant parties (Alice and Bob) in order to allow reliable quantum teleportation or quantum cryptography.
Entanglement Distillation.
Entanglement Concentration.
Pure States.
Given n particles in the singlet state shared between Alice and Bob, local actions and classical communication will suffice to prepare m arbitrarily good copies of formula_24 with a yield
Let an entangled state formula_9 have a Schmidt decomposition:
where coefficients p(x) form a probability distribution, and thus are positive valued and sum to unity. The tensor product of this state is then,
Now, omitting all terms formula_31 which are not part of any sequence which is likely to occur with high probability, known as the typical set :formula_32 the new state is
And renormalizing,
Then the fidelity
Suppose that Alice and Bob are in possession of m copies of formula_9. Alice can perform a measurement onto the typical set formula_38 subset of formula_39, converting the state formula_40 with high fidelity. The theorem of typical sequences then shows us that formula_41 is the probability that the given sequence is part of the typical set, and may be made arbitrarily close to 1 for sufficiently large m, and therefore the Schmidt coefficients of the renormalized Bell state formula_42 will be at most a factor formula_43 larger. Alice and Bob can now obtain a smaller set of n Bell states by performing LOCC on the state formula_42 with which they can overcome the noise of a quantum channel to communicate successfully.
Mixed States.
Many techniques have been developed for doing entanglement distillation for mixed states, giving a lower bounds on the value of the distillable entanglement formula_45 for specific classes of states formula_20.
One common method involves Alice not using the noisy channel to transmit source states directly but instead preparing a large number of Bell states, sending half of each Bell pair to Bob. The result from transmission through the noisy channel is to create the mixed entangled state formula_20, so that Alice and Bob end up sharing formula_48 copies of formula_20. Alice and Bob then perform entanglement distillation, producing formula_50 almost perfectly entangled states from the mixed entangled states formula_20 by performing local unitary operations and measurements on the shared entangled pairs, coordinating their actions through classical messages, and sacrificing some of the entangled pairs to increase the purity of the remaining ones. Alice can now prepare an formula_50 qubit state and teleport it to Bob using the formula_50 Bell pairs which they share with high fidelity. What Alice and Bob have then effectively accomplished is having simulated a noiseless quantum channel using a noisy one, with the aid of local actions and classical communication.
Let formula_54 be a general mixed state of two spin-1/2 particles which could have resulted from the transmission of an initially pure singlet state
through a noisy channel between Alice and Bob, which will be used to distill some pure entanglement. The fidelity of M
is a convenient expression of its purity relative to a perfect singlet. Suppose that M is already a pure state of two particles formula_57 for some formula_24. The entanglement for formula_24, as already established, is the von Neumann entropy formula_60 where
and likewise for formula_14, represent the reduced density matrices for either particle. The following protocol is then used:
Repeating the outlined protocol above will distill Werner states whose purity may be chosen to be arbitrarily high formula_77 from a collection M of input mixed states of purity formula_78 but with a yield tending to zero in the limit formula_79. By performing another bilateral XOR operation, this time on a variable number formula_80 of source pairs, as opposed to 1, into each target pair prior to measuring it, the yield can made to approach a positive limit as formula_79. This method can then be combined with others to obtain an even higher yield.
Procrustean Method.
The Procrustean method of entanglement concentration can be used for as little as one partly entangled pair, being more efficient than the Schmidt projection method for entangling less than 5 pairs, and requires Alice and Bob to know the bias (formula_82) of the n pairs in advance. The method derives its name from Procrustes because it produces a perfectly entangled state by chopping off the extra probability associated with the larger term in the partial entanglement of the pure states:
formula_83
Assuming a collection of particles for which formula_82 is known as being either less than or greater than formula_85 the Procrustean method may be carried out by keeping all particles which, when passed through a polarization-dependent absorber, or a polarization-dependent-reflector, which absorb or reflect a fraction formula_86 of the more likely outcome, are not absorbed or deflected. Therefore, if Alice possesses particles for which formula_87, she can separate out particles which are more likely to be measured in the up/down basis, and left with particles in maximally mixed state of spin up and spin down. This treatment corresponds to a POVM (positive-operator-valued measurement). To obtain a perfectly entangled state of two particles, Alice informs Bob of the result of her generalized measurement while Bob doesn't measure his particle at all but instead discards his if Alice discards hers.
Entanglement Distillation with a Stabilizer Code.
The purpose of an formula_88
entanglement distillation protocol is to distill formula_89 pure ebits from formula_90
noisy ebits where formula_91.
The yield of such a protocol is formula_92. Two parties can then use the noiseless
ebits for quantum communication protocols.
The two parties establish a set of shared noisy ebits in the following way.
The sender Alice first prepares formula_90 Bell states formula_94 locally. She sends the second qubit of each
pair over a noisy quantum channel to a receiver Bob. Let formula_95 be the state formula_96 rearranged so that all of Alice's qubits are on the left and all
of Bob's qubits are on the right. The noisy quantum channel applies a Pauli error in
the error set formula_97 to the set of formula_90 qubits sent over
the channel. The sender and receiver then share a set of formula_90 noisy ebits of
the form formula_100 where the identity formula_101 acts on Alice's qubits and
formula_102 is some Pauli operator in formula_103 acting on Bob's qubits.
A one-way stabilizer entanglement distillation protocol uses a stabilizer code
for the distillation procedure. Suppose the stabilizer formula_104 for an
formula_88 quantum error-correcting code has generators formula_106. The
distillation procedure begins with Alice measuring the formula_107 generators in
formula_104. Let formula_109 be the set of the
formula_110 projectors that project onto the formula_110 orthogonal subspaces
corresponding to the generators in formula_104. The measurement projects
formula_113 randomly onto one of the
formula_114 subspaces. Each formula_115 commutes with the noisy operator
formula_102 on Bob's side so that
The following important "Bell-state matrix identity" holds for an arbitrary matrix formula_118:
Then the above expression is equal to the following:
Therefore each of Alice's projectors formula_115 projects Bob's qubits
onto a subspace formula_122 corresponding to Alice's projected
subspace formula_115. Alice restores her qubits to the simultaneous
+1-eigenspace of the generators in formula_104. She sends her measurement
results to Bob. Bob measures the generators in formula_104. Bob combines his
measurements with Alice's to determine a syndrome for the error. He performs a
recovery operation on his qubits to reverse the error. He restores his qubits
formula_104. Alice
and Bob both perform the decoding unitary corresponding to stabilizer
formula_104 to convert their formula_89 logical ebits to formula_89 physical ebits.
Entanglement Distillation with an Entanglement-Assisted Stabilizer Code.
Luo and Devetak provided a
straightforward extension of the above protocol (Luo and Devetak 2007). Their
method converts an entanglement-assisted stabilizer code into an
entanglement-assisted entanglement distillation protocol.
Luo and Devetak form an entanglement distillation protocol that has
entanglement assistance from a few noiseless ebits. The crucial assumption for
an entanglement-assisted entanglement distillation protocol is that Alice and
Bob possess formula_130 noiseless ebits in addition to their formula_90 noisy ebits. The
total state of the noisy and noiseless ebits is
where formula_133 is the formula_134 identity matrix acting on
Alice's qubits and the noisy Pauli operator formula_135 affects Bob's first formula_90 qubits only. Thus the last formula_130 ebits
are noiseless, and Alice and Bob have to correct for errors on the first formula_90
ebits only.
The protocol proceeds exactly as outlined in the previous section. The only
difference is that Alice and Bob measure the generators in an
entanglement-assisted stabilizer code. Each generator spans over formula_139 qubits
where the last formula_130 qubits are noiseless.
We comment on the yield of this entanglement-assisted entanglement
distillation protocol. An entanglement-assisted code has formula_107 generators that
each have formula_139 Pauli entries. These parameters imply that the entanglement
distillation protocol produces formula_143 ebits. But the protocol consumes formula_130
initial noiseless ebits as a catalyst for distillation. Therefore the yield of
this protocol is formula_92.
Entanglement Dilution.
The reverse process of entanglement distillation is entanglement dilution, where large copies of the Bell state are converted into less entangled states using LOCC with high fidelity. The aim of the entanglement dilution process, then, is to saturate the inverse ratio of n to m, defined as the distillable entanglement.
Applications.
Besides its important application in quantum communication, entanglement purification also plays a crucial role in error correction for quantum computation, because it can significantly increase the quality of logic operations between different qubits. The role of entanglement distillation is discussed briefly for the following applications.
Quantum Error Correction.
Entanglement distillation protocols for mixed states can be used as a type of error-correction for quantum communications channels between two parties Alice and Bob, enabling Alice to reliably send mD(p) qubits of information to Bob, where D(p) is the distillable entanglement of p, the state that results when one half of a Bell pair is sent through the noisy channel formula_18 connecting Alice and Bob.
In some cases, entanglement distillation may work when conventional quantum error-correction techniques fail. Entanglement distillation protocols are known which can produce a non-zero rate of transmission D(p) for channels which do not allow the transmission of quantum information due to the property that entanglement distillation protocols allow classical communication between parties as opposed to conventional error-correction which prohibits it.
Quantum Cryptography.
The concept of correlated measurement outcomes and entanglement is central to quantum key exchange, and therefore the ability to successfully perform entanglement distillation to obtain maximally entangled states is essential for quantum cryptography.
If an entangled pair of particles is shared between two parties, anyone intercepting either particle will alter the overall system, allowing their presence (and the amount of information they have gained) to be determined so long as the particles are in a maximally entangled state. Also, in order to share a secret key string, Alice and Bob must perform the techniques of privacy amplification and information reconciliation to distill a shared secret key string. Information reconciliation is error-correction over a public channel which reconciles errors between the correlated random classical bit strings shared by Alice and Bob while limiting the knowledge that a possible eavesdropper Eve can have about the shared keys. After information reconciliation is used to reconcile possible errors between the shared keys that Alice and Bob possess and limit the possible information Eve could have gained, the technique of privacy amplification is used to distill a smaller subset of bits maximizing Eve's uncertainty about the key.
Quantum Teleportation.
In quantum teleportation, a sender wishes to transmit an arbitrary quantum state of a particle to a possibly distant receiver. Quantum teleportation is able to achieve faithful transmission of quantum information by substituting classical communication and prior entanglement for a direct quantum channel. Using teleportation, an arbitrary unknown qubit can be faithfully transmitted via a pair of maximally-entangled qubits shared between sender and receiver, and a 2-bit classical message from the sender to the receiver. Quantum teleportation requires a noiseless quantum channel for sharing perfectly entangled particles, and therefore entanglement distillation satisfies this requirement by providing the noiseless quantum channel and maximally entangled qubits.

</doc>
<doc id="20511156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511156" title="Galacticast">
Galacticast

Galacticast is an award winning web series created by Rudy Jahchan and Casey McKinnon. The first episode aired on May 8, 2006.
The program is a sketch comedy video blog that parodies the latest science fiction or internet meme and responds to feedback from their loyal fanbase. Though it first launched as a variety channel, it later switched exclusively to comedy.
After a lengthy hiatus, the show came back in November 2008 with a fake commercial produced for comic artist Tony Moore.
Cast.
McKinnon and Jahchan usually take the lead roles in each episode, but also call on their friends and fellow actors to guest star. McKinnon often plays multiple characters in a single episode.
Production.
Most episodes are written and directed by Jahchan, with the exception of "Battlestar Galacticast" which was directed by independent filmmaker Matt Campagna. McKinnon is the primary editor, but special effects are usually done by both creators.
Distribution.
The show receives over 250,000 views each month and is available for subscription via YouTube, iTunes and RSS.

</doc>
<doc id="20511159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511159" title="Lalith Jayasinghe">
Lalith Jayasinghe

Lieutenant Colonel J.A.L Jayasinghe PWV, WWV, RWP, RSP, SF was an officer of the Special Forces Regiment of the Sri Lanka Army who was twice decorated with the Weera Wickrama Vibhushanaya (WWV) the second highest award for combat bravery in the Sri Lankan Armed Forces. He was killed in November 2008, while leading an eight-man Special Forces team on a covert operation 30 km behind enemy lines into territory held by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE).
Education and family.
Jayasinghe was educated at Avissawella President's College (Previously Nava Kanishta Vidyalaya) and Colombo South Lumbini College. He was also a member of the school's Rugby team.
He married Kaushalya Rodrigo in January 2008, at the time of his death in November 2008 she was five months pregnant.
Military career.
Jayasinghe enlisted to the Regular Force of the Sri Lanka Army on 22 January 1997, as a cadet officer. He received training at the Bangladesh Military Academy, where he followed Course 3 offered by the College. On completion of his training, Jayasinghe was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant to the 6th Regiment of the Gemunu Watch. He was later selected to undergo Special Forces training. After following Special Forces Training Course–24, which he successfully completed, he received Special Forces credentials following which He was then assigned to the 3rd Special Forces Regiment.
In addition to basic training, Jayasignhe had undergone several specialized training courses, both locally and overseas. These include the successful completion of training courses offered by India, China, United States and Bangladesh. He had also received training in military training centers of the Sri Lanka Army in Minneriya, Ganemulla, Uva Kudaoya and Diyatalawa areas. Jayasinghe was promoted to Captain, and later, to the rank of Major within a time period of ten years. He had functioned as a platoon commander, company commander and also a commanding officer during this time. 
A recipient of the Weera Wickrama Vibhushanaya (twice), Rana Wickrama Padakkama, Rana Sura Padakkama gallantry medals he had also received the Desha Putra Sammanaya, North and East Operations Medal, Purna Bhumi Padakkama, Sri Lanka Army 50th Anniversary Medal and 50th Independence Anniversary Commemoration Medal.
Jayasinghe was a specialist in long range reconnaissance patrol operations, and had helped achieve many victories for the Sri Lanka Army during the Sri Lankan Civil War. This includes participating in the assassination of Vaithilingam Sornalingam, alias Colonel Shankar, a senior commander of the LTTE, its intelligence leader Charles (killed in January 2008), and Sea Tiger Deputy Leader Kangai Amaran in June 2001.
He was posthumously awarded the Parama Weera Vibushanaya on the 19th of May 2012 during the country's victory day parade by the president of Sri Lanka.
Death.
Jayasinghe was killed in November 2008, during a reconnaissance mission in LTTE held territory. Leading an eight man Special Forces team, he had infiltrated thirty kilometers behind enemy lines into the Oddusudan area in LTTE enemy territory and conducted an attack. After completing the first attack, the team had been moving on to a second target when they were spotted by LTTE cadres. Jayasinghe was wounded in the ensuing confrontation, and his team withdrew to a safer location with their wounded team leader. They were spotted again by the LTTE, and in the second confrontation Jayasinghe was killed, while another member of the eight man team was wounded. 
A rescue operation was later carried out to rescue the Special Forces team, with the assistance of Mi-24 helicopter gunships of the Sri Lanka Air Force. All seven members of the team were extracted, along with Jayasinghe's body. He was posthumously promoted to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. His funeral was held in Ukwatta, his home town, on 1 December 2008 with full military honours. To confer blessings to the late Lt. Col. Jayasinghe, Georgia Buddhist Vihara, Atlanta USA conducted a religious ceremony on 5 December 2008. There was a "mathaka wastra pooja", pirith chanting and alms giving.
See also.
He was awarded the highest award a military personal could ever take 'Parama Weera Vibushana' Medal on 19th of May 2012, for his historical contribution to the mother land.

</doc>
<doc id="20511181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511181" title="Step sequence">
Step sequence

A step sequence is an element in figure skating. It is a sequence of steps or moves in the field in a prescribed pattern across the ice. The pattern of the step sequences may be a straight line, circular, or serpentine. In ice dancing, step sequences may be skated either "in hold" or "not touching", with the terms referring to the sequence being performed while in a dance hold or with the dancers not touching each other, respectively. 
Step sequences are required elements in competitive programs in single skating, pair skating, and ice dancing. They vary in difficulty from level one (least difficult) to level four (most difficult). Step sequences should make full use of the ice and should be skated in the character of the music.
Elements in step sequences.
Step sequences may feature many different steps and turns, rotations in either direction, use of the upper body, and changes of rotational direction through the use of turns like rocker turns, counter turns, bracket turns, and twizzles. The steps may include mohawk turns and choctaw turns. There must be variety and complexity in the sequence to achieve a high level of difficulty. 
Step sequences may include short jump-like movements, so long as the jump is not more than half a revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="20511197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511197" title="High-altitude football controversy">
High-altitude football controversy

The high-altitude football controversy arose in May 2007 when FIFA introduced a ban on international matches at more than above sea level, citing concerns about players' health and the "unfair" advantage to acclimatised home teams. The ruling meant that Bolivia, Ecuador and Colombia would be prevented from hosting FIFA World Cup qualifiers in their own capital cities.
Origins.
The ruling followed complaints by the Brazilian Football Confederation that La Paz and other Andean venues left visiting players gasping for breath and with pounding hearts. Brazilian club Flamengo had vowed to boycott high-altitude games after several of its players resorted to using bottled oxygen during a Copa Libertadores fixture against Real Potosí of Bolivia, held in rainy conditions at an altitude of . Following this complaint a number of other Brazilian clubs declared that they would not play Copa Libertadores games at high altitude and put pressure on the Brazilian Football Confederation and FIFA to impose a ban on football at high altitude.
The ruling.
The ruling required players to arrive at the host city one week before international games above and two weeks for matches higher than , to allow time to adjust to the thin air.
Reaction.
Many of Bolivia's major cities, including Sucre and Potosí, are at high altitude. Bolivia's President, Evo Morales, vowed to lead a campaign against the ban after speaking after an emergency cabinet meeting. Morales said the ruling amounted to discrimination: "This is not only a ban on Bolivia, but it is also a ban on the universality of sports." Morales described the ban as "football apartheid," said he would send a high-level delegation to FIFA's headquarters in Zurich, and called on other countries to join his campaign. "We cannot allow discrimination in football, we cannot allow... exclusion in the world of sports," he added. 
Diego Maradona joined the campaign, playing an hour-long game at Hernando Siles stadium in La Paz, which is located above sea level, to show that if a 47-year old could play there, so could fit, young professionals. He led a team of former Argentine internationals in a 7–4 victory over a Bolivian team led by Evo Morales. On 1 April 2009, FIFA called Bolivia's 6–1 victory over the Maradona-coached Argentinan national team team a “stunning defeat in high altitude against the rank outsiders.” Maradona did not blame the altitude for Argentina's defeat, giving credit to the Bolivian players "from the goalkeeper to the last substitute".
All of the football associations in South America except Brazil stated that they would ignore the ban on high-altitude football and play fixtures in the stadium of their host's choice, whether or not they had the opportunity to acclimatise for a week.
Raising of the limit.
In June 2007 FIFA raised the limit from to , meaning that the only capital city affected by the ban would be La Paz.
Suspension of the ban.
In May 2008, FIFA suspended the ban after a letter of protest from CONMEBOL, the governing body of South American football, backed by all member associations except for the Brazilian Football Confederation. FIFA's executive committee voted to rescind the ruling, thus allowing Bolivia and Ecuador to host World Cup qualifying games in their capital cities. Sepp Blatter, FIFA's president, said the prohibition had been provisionally lifted while further studies were conducted on the effect of high altitude as well extremes of temperature, humidity, and high levels of pollution, saying "Let us reopen the discussion." However, on the 10 June 2010 Blatter stated that "The subject of altitude is not on FIFA’s agenda."

</doc>
<doc id="20511199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511199" title="Sérgio Pacheco de Oliveira">
Sérgio Pacheco de Oliveira

Sérgio Pacheco de Oliveira, (born June 7, 1981) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Toros Neza as a midfielder.
Playing career.
He began at home with football at Colegio, from whence he was taken to NAC Breda. In his first season at NAC Breda, 1999/2000, he was champion of the first division and was promoted to the Eredivisie, himself he played 21 matches and scored 3 times. Sergio played in the Eredivies then 2 more seasons for NAC, which he played 51 times and scored 14 goals. Together with his compatriot Cristiano they played together at Roda JC, where in 2005 he began his fourth season. In the previous three seasons he made 19 hits in 84 games. The attacking midfielder left in the summer of 2006 to Metallurg Donetsk. Then in Winter 2008 he was transferred to Turkish giants Sivasspor(Turkey).
Tarxien Rainbows.
Sérgio signed a contract with Maltese Premier League club Tarxien Rainbows during the 2010–11 transfer window. He finds himself re-united with his former NAC Breda team mate Cristiano.

</doc>
<doc id="20511205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511205" title="Sérgio Oliveira (disambiguation)">
Sérgio Oliveira (disambiguation)

Sérgio Oliveira may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20511210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511210" title="Peter Lam Both">
Peter Lam Both

Peter Lam Both (born in 1972) is a high-ranking Sudanese diplomat of the Sudan People's Liberation Movement (SPLM) who is recently appointed as Commissioner for National Relief and Rehabilitation Commission in the National Government of South Sudan on 7 June 2012 by President of the Republic of South Sudan, General Salva Kiir Mayardit. Peter Lam served as State Minister of Information and Communications in Upper Nile State from June 2010-May 2012. He was also appointed as SPLM Deputy Secretary for External Relations on August 28, 2009. He was previously posted to Canada from May 2006- November 2008 as the first official Representative of the SPLM to Canada. He was also acting as the Chief Representative for the newly formed Government of Southern Sudan. He was charged by the SPLM leadership to organize SPLM Chapters in various cities of Canada and to rally the support of the Government of Canada for SPLM and Government of Southern Sudan.
Under extremely difficult conditions, he helped form 14 SPLM Chapters across the country with membership of over 4000. He managed to diplomatically seduce Canada to accept SPLM and work with the Government of Southern Sudan, which finally culminated in the establishment of the Liaison Office for the Government of Southern Sudan in Ottawa in 2008 in accordance with the provisions of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement(CPA) and the Interim Constitution of Southern Sudan. Canada is known internationally for refusing to work with rebels, a case signaled by their refusal to work with the former leader of SPLM Dr. John Garang de Mabior. But those who know Peter Lam Both know that he is a highly persuasive, calm and skillful diplomat whose approach can hardly be rejected. Those qualities helped him succeed with Canada. Peter was one of the key leaders of Sudanese community in Canada who defeated Talisman Energy of Canada. In fact, in 2004, Peter was said to have shut up an extremely arrogant Dr. Jim Buckee, the former CEO of Talisman Energy, who always insisted that Bentiu never had people since independence of Sudan, a point which Peter always took personally being a Nuer himself and knows that Bentiu has the largest Nuer population in Sudan.
Peter, a lecturer of Social Work at the University of Calgary, University of Lethbridge and Mount Royal College in Canada, joined SPLM in 1986 after he fled from Sudan at the age of 14 due to civil war. He lived in various refugee camps in Ethiopia, but managed to continue his education with the help of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees(UNHCR). He graduated with B.A in Political Science and International Relations (1996) in Addis Ababa University in Ethiopia (the oldest university in the continent). He also graduated with Bachelor of Social Work (2002) and Masters of International Social Work (2004) from the University of Calgary. He is in his final stages of his Ph. D dissertation in the Faculty of Social Work, University of Calgary.
In addition to his diplomatic work as SPLM/GOSS Representative to Canada, Peter has extensive diplomatic experience in his work with United Nations in Ethiopia (1996), India (2003) and Jordan in 2005. He has worked with various organizations in Canada including Calgary Catholic Immigration Society as Settlement Officer (1998–2000) and with the City of Calgary as Community Development Officer (2002–2005) and as a Social Planner with the City of Calgary (2005–present). He led the first ever SPLM delegation from Canada in May 2008 to participate in the Second SPLM National Convention in Juba where he played a key role in mobilizing the delegates to maintain the unity of SPLM by proposing to keep the current leadership as it is. The SPLM unity was at stake in the Convention, but the party rose to the challenge and opted to keep the status quo.
He submitted his resignation to the chairman of the SPLM on November 15, 2008 stating that he was time pressed with his studies. But those who monitored the situation in Canada said that Peter was humiliated when the Liaison Office for the Government of Southern Sudan was appointed and left him and key SPLM leaders in Canada out of the office. He did not know how to explain this action to the SPLM leaders in Canada who thought he had a role in the appointments. At the same time, he could not point fingers at the leaders in Juba who actually did the appointments due to the political sensitivity of the issue. The appointments made were seen by all southern Sudanese in Canada as tribally motivated, but what is puzzling is that Peter is known to detest tribalism and could not possibly be linked to those appointments. Resignation was an easy route for him to avoid being associated with those appointments. But Peter always denied those claims, saying that he has completed the work he was asked to do. He always says, "I have accomplished what was hard to do; what has remained now is the day today management of the chapters and the nurturing of our bilateral diplomatic relations with Canada, which does not require rocket science."
His publications include: "South Sudan: forgotten tragedy" (2003), "International Relations of Ethiopia" (2004) and upcoming memoires entitled "Difficult Journey" to be published by the University of Calgary Press. He has also published peer-reviewed articles with "Journal of Social Work" and "Journal of Educational Action Research" in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20511222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511222" title="Great Construction Projects of Communism">
Great Construction Projects of Communism

Great construction projects of communism () was a term used for a series of ambitious construction projects undertaken in 1950s on the command of Joseph Stalin.
A 1952 book "Hydrography of the USSR" lists the following projects in irrigation, navigation, and hydroelectric power. 

</doc>
<doc id="20511224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511224" title="USCGC Mackinac">
USCGC Mackinac

USCGC "Mackinac" has been the name of more than one United States Revenue Cutter Service and United States Coast Guard ship, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20511231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511231" title="Treasure Island (album)">
Treasure Island (album)

Treasure Island is the second album on the Impulse label by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett. Originally released in 1974, it features performances by Jarrett, Dewey Redman, Charlie Haden, Paul Motian, and Danny Johnson.
In 2009, the album was reissued in a digipak case by Verve Music Group/Universal Music Group.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "This is a terrific sendoff to a very fertile, creative period and begs the question as to what else may have happened had this band been able to explore their unique, fully communal sound together for more than a pair of albums. ".

</doc>
<doc id="20511275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511275" title="USCGC Matagorda">
USCGC Matagorda

USCGC "Matagorda" has been the name of more than one United States Coast Guard ship, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20511282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511282" title="Leonidas Flores">
Leonidas Flores

Club career.
Flores won the 1986 Primera Division de Costa Rica title with Puntarenas. He is also the club's all-time leading scorer with 93 goals and a total of 118 career goals, placed in position 17th all time Costa Rican strikers.
International career.
Flores made 30 appearances for the Costa Rica national football team from 1984 to 1996. He also played at the 1984 Olympic Games in two games as sub.
Flores scored two goals as Costa Rica won the 1989 CONCACAF Championship, besides having his best performance, was left out from the Italy 1990 World Cup roster.
Finally was able to return for the 1991 UNCAF Nations Cup and 1991 CONCACAF Gold Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20511305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511305" title="Karl Höller">
Karl Höller

Karl Höller (25 July 1907 – 14 April 1987) was a German composer of the late Romantic tradition.
Biography.
Karl Höller was born in Bamberg, Bavaria. He came from a musical family on both sides: his father Valentin Höller was the Bamberg Cathedral organist for 40 years, and his grandfather and great-grandfather were organists at Würzburg Cathedral. His aunt Gretchen was the first female organist at Würzburg. 
He showed aptitude for the organ at an early age. He was a choirboy from age six, and he studied piano, organ and cello in Bamberg. He went to the Würzburg Conservatory where he studied composition under Hermann Zilcher; and to the Munich Academy of Music, where he studied composition with Joseph Haas and Waltershausen, organ with Gatscher, and conducting with Siegfried von Hausegger. After taking his composition and organ examinations in 1929, he became a master-class student of Haas.
He taught at the Munich Academy (1933–37), from 1937 in Frankfurt at the Hoch Conservatory and Hochschule für Musik (1938–46), and the Munich Conservatory (Hochschule für Musik) (1949–72; taking over the composition class of his teacher Joseph Haas). In 1942 Höller joined the NSDAP.
He was also president of the Munich Hochschule für Musik from 1954 to 1972.
Höller became a member of the Berlin Academy of Arts in 1952, and an honorary member of the Bavarian Academy of Fine Arts in 1958.
His compositions are characterized by polyphony and colourful, impressionistic harmony. His music has been recorded by such artists as Eugen Jochum (Symphonic Fantasy and Sweelinck Variations) and others.
Karl Höller died on 14 April 1987 in Hausham, Miesbach, Bavaria.

</doc>
<doc id="20511363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511363" title="Royal City Centre">
Royal City Centre

Royal City Centre is a shopping centre/office complex in New Westminster, British Columbia, Canada. Its formal address is 610 Sixth Street New Westminster, B.C. V3L 3C2. It is the largest shopping mall in New Westminster to date.
History.
Previously named Woodward Place, the site is built on the former Woodward's store, the complex replaced the original 1954 freestanding store in 1991 when a new store was built on the adjacent parking area, the original store was then demolished and replaced with a new shopping mall, office and residential buildings. The store was converted to Zellers after the HBC takeover in 1993 and then closed in 2006.
Current stores.
Dollarama and Labels are located on the lower main floor, the 2nd floor was converted to office space in 2008.
Current anchor stores are Safeway, Labels, Dollarama and White Spot.
The Shoppers Drug Mart location in the mall completed extensive renovations and expansions in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20511445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511445" title="Mohd Ivan Yusoff">
Mohd Ivan Yusoff

Mohd Ivan Yusoff (born on May 13, 1982) is a former Malaysian footballer who plays as a midfielder. He is a former member of the Malaysia national football team.
Career.
He started his career with Kuala Lumpur FA in 2003. In 2005 season, Ivan transfer to Perlis FA and helped the Northern Lions to win their first Malaysia Super League title in 2005. He returned to Kuala Lumpur in 2006 and played for two seasons, before switching to PKNS FC in 2009. He played with Malaysia FAM Cup outfit Shahzan Muda FC for the 2011 season.
International career.
Ivan made his international debut during 2006 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC) matches against Hong Kong on October 13, 2008. He also represent Malaysia in 2004 Tiger Cup mostly appear as substitute.
His first international goals came in the matches against Cambodia as Malaysia thrash Cambodia 6–0. He also include in the squad for 2007 AFC Asian Cup and played only one matches against Uzbekistan.

</doc>
<doc id="20511461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511461" title="Grim Skunk (album)">
Grim Skunk (album)

Grim Skunk is the debut album by Quebec hard rock group GrimSkunk released in 1994. Uncle Costa is featured on "Martha" and a video was made for "Silverhead". The songs "Don't Hide" and "Rooftop Killer" are rerecorded and rearranged versions from the Fatal Illness days.
References.
Bande à part profile
Video of Silverhead

</doc>
<doc id="20511507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511507" title="Matagorda Peninsula">
Matagorda Peninsula

The Matagorda Peninsula is a narrow spit of land on the southeastern coast of Texas in the United States.
The peninsula is in Matagorda County, Texas. It lies between Matagorda Bay, an estuary, and the Gulf of Mexico, and water is exchanged between the two through five main tidal inlets.

</doc>
<doc id="20511523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511523" title="Alazocine">
Alazocine

Alazocine ((-)-SKF-10,047), or (-)-"N"-allylnormetazocine ((-)-ANMC), was the first drug discovered to act as a σ1 receptor agonist (Ki = 24 nM). It has no significant affinity for the σ2 receptor. Alazocine also acts as a κ-opioid receptor agonist (Ki = 0.4 nM), and to a much lesser extent, as an NMDA receptor antagonist (Ki = 587 nM).

</doc>
<doc id="20511634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511634" title="Stanley Cramp">
Stanley Cramp

Stanley Cramp (24 September 1913 – 20 August 1987) was a British civil servant and ornithologist best known as the first Chief Editor of the encyclopaedic nine-volume handbook "The Birds of the Western Palearctic" (BWP).
Cramp was born in Stockport, Cheshire, the eldest son of Thomas and Edith Cramp. He gained a BA (Admin) in 1934 from Manchester University, studying at night school. He joined the Department of Customs and Excise in Manchester the same year and transferred to London in 1938. Apart from his war-time military service in the Royal Air Force from 1944 to 1946, he worked in London for the same Department until taking early retirement in 1970 to focus on BWP.
Cramp took up birdwatching as a boy, and serious ornithology dominated much of his life. He was active in British Trust for Ornithology (BTO) and Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB), as well as the British Ornithologists Union (BOU), serving in various administrative positions in all three, as well as in many other bodies. He joined the editorial board of the journal "British Birds" in 1960 and became Senior Editor in 1963, a position he kept for the rest of his life.
For the last 17 years of his life Cramp devoted himself to producing BWP, a monumental task which ultimately affected his health. After seeing the first four volumes published, and initiating the fifth, his health deteriorated, though he continued to struggle on with the task. He died following a stroke and subsequent pneumonia.
Honours.
Honours awarded to Cramp include:

</doc>
<doc id="20511646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511646" title="Security Information Agency">
Security Information Agency

The Security Information Agency () is a national intelligence agency of Serbia. The agency is responsible for collecting, reporting and disseminating intelligence, and conducting counter-intelligence in the interest of Serbia's national security.
The BIA was formed on 27 July 2002 from its predecessor, the State Security Directorate.

</doc>
<doc id="20511677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511677" title="Belonging (album)">
Belonging (album)

Belonging is an album by American pianist Keith Jarrett which was released on the ECM label in 1974. It is the first album by Jarrett's 'European Quartet' featuring Jan Garbarek, Palle Danielsson and Jon Christensen. "Long As You Know You're Living Yours" was the subject of a lawsuit between Jarrett and jazz-rock group Steely Dan: Jarrett alleged that the duo's title track from their 1980 album "Gaucho" had stolen from the song. Co-writer Donald Fagen later admitted he'd loved the song and was strongly influenced by it. Jarrett sued for copyright infringement and was then added as a co-author of the song.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 4.5 stars, stating "The record operates at its strongest level when Jarrett locks the quartet into his winning gospel mode on "'Long as You Know You're Living Yours" and the tense drive of "Spiral Dance"; the reflective numbers are less compelling. Still, this LP-turned-CD successfully bucked the powerful electric trends of its time and holds up well today."

</doc>
<doc id="20511683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511683" title="Keith Botsford">
Keith Botsford

Keith Botsford (born March 29, 1928, in Brussels, Belgium) is an American/European writer, Professor Emeritus at Boston University and current editor of "News from the Republic of Letters".
Biography.
Keith Botsford was born in Belgium of an expatriate American father and an Italian mother. His mother (1897–1994) was born Carolina Elena Rangoni-Machiavelli-Publicola-Santacroce, 2nd. daughter of the Marchesa Alda Rangoni. He grew up in a trilingual house, and was educated in English boarding schools. His father returned to the United States early in 1939, and together with his mother and brother, the Botsfords were expelled from Italy on the outbreak of World War II.
Thereafter, Keith Botsford was educated in California, and, after 1941, at Portsmouth Abbey in New England [http://www.portsmouthabbey.org/page/37/802/]. Keith Botsford was briefly attracted to the monastic life, but then continued his education at Yale University, which he left in 1946 to enlist in the US Army, where he served in counter-intelligence. He finished his formal university education at the University of Iowa (A.B., 1950) and at Yale with a Masters in French Literature (A.M., 1952).
In a long career marked by his varied interests, Botsford then studied composition at the Manhattan School of Music, Japanese at Columbia University, the law at Holborn College in London. He was attracted to music and composed a number of chamber works, a ballet, choral music and part-songs. With John Houseman, he worked in film, theater and television.
Keith Botsford's academic career, often combined with administrative tasks, began at Bard College in 1953, where he met his lifelong friend Saul Bellow. In 1958, after two years in Europe living off translation, Keith Botsford became Asst. to the Rector of the University of Puerto Rico, taught Comparative Literature, founded the Honors Program and directed the University of Puerto Rico's television program.
In 1962, Keith Botsford was invited by his University of Iowa friend, John Hunt, to join the Congress for Cultural Freedom. Keith Botsford worked with the Congress for Cultural Freedom spending three years in Latin America while based in Rio de Janeiro and Mexico City.
In 1965, Keith moved back to England to become Deputy International Secretary of International P.E.N., where he organized the Bled Round Tables, the first to which Soviet writers were invited.
After serving at P.E.N., Keith Botsford was invited to become the Director of the Ford Foundation’s National Translation Center at the University of Texas, Austin (1965–1970), where he also was Professor of English.
In 1971, Keith Botsford returned to England where he began a twenty-year career as a sports journalist with "The Sunday Times". He also became a Feature Writer and columnist on Gastronomy for "The Independent", which he joined in its first week. In addition, Keith Botsford was also a features writer and U.S. correspondent for the Italian newspaper" La Stampa".
By the late 1970s, Keith Botsford had combined his journalism with a post as Professor of Journalism and Lecturer in History at Boston University and a position as Asst. to the President John Silber.
Keith Botsford retired as Professor Emeritus, Boston University in 2006. He now lives in Costa Rica in a RIBA Award-winning house on the Caribbean coast designed by his architect son, Gianni Botsford.
Botsford has eight living children and sixteen grandchildren.
Career.
Botsford’s work as a novelist is divided into two periods: the first four novels – "The Master Race" "The Eighth-best-dressed-Man in the World" [1957, "Benvenuto" and "The March-Man" [1964 – were either semi-autobiographical or political in nature; his later books (after he returned to fiction in 1989) include three major autobiographical works: "O Brother!" "The Mothers" [2002, and "Death and the Maiden" form a coherent trilogy about his brother, his early wives (and mothers) and, in the last, a reprise of "The March-Man", his father. During this second period he also published a series of stories and novellas, described as ‘imaginary biographies’, collected in "Out of Nowhere" [2000. At the same time he also wrote five non-fiction books on sporting figures and four crime and espionage novels under the pseudonym I.I. Magdalen.
Recognition.
Rockefeller Foundation Grant, Moody Foundation Grant, ATA Translation Prize
Published works.
Articles.
"Symposium: Who are the five most underrated and/or overrated musicians, and why?"
BOULEVARD. Fall 2010, vol. 25, Nos. 2&3. 25th Anniversary Issue. p. 68-70. 
"Mexico Follows a 'Solo Camino'; The 'single path' of the all-powerful P.R.I. has given the nation a stability rare in Latin America. Can the system continue to work? Mexico Follows A 'Solo Camino'" 
By KEITH BOTSFORD. New York Times. Apr 26, 1964. p. SM20 (5 pages) 
"'There Is No Censorship,' Said Poland's Censor; Report From a Surrealist Capital Report From a Surrealist Capital In Poland, neither politics nor the state can be safely ignored "We are Communists in the sense that you are democrats"" 
By KEITH BOTSFORD. New York Times. Sep 11, 1966. p. 305 (11 pages) 
"Why Students in France Go Communist; Elite Proletarians All Elite Proletarians All (Cont.)" 
By KEITH BOTSFORD. New York Times. Nov 13, 1966. p. 280 (6 pages) 
"If les Mao won their revolution, they would immediately start another Les Mao Maoist cause celebre" 
By Keith Botsford. New York Times. Sep 17, 1972. p. SM12 (6 pages) 
"Look who's in bed with whom; Decision in France" 
By Keith Botsford. New York Times. Mar 4, 1973. p. 246 (7 pages) 
"The white Rolls-Royce; Stars beyond the firmament" 
By Keith Botsford. New York Times. Mar 25, 1973. p. 318 (6 pages) 
"The Music And the Man; Hindemith" 
By KEITH BOTSFORD. New York Times. Nov 27, 1977. p. 257 (2 pages) 
"A God Who Made Words"
By KEITH BOTSFORD. New York Times. Dec 27, 1981. p. BR2 (2 pages) 
"THE POLLINI SOUND; POLLINI POLLINI POLLINI" 
By Keith Botsford. New York Times. Mar 1, 1987. p. SM30 (6 pages) 
"MAVERICK VIOLINIST; For all his success, Gidon Kremer pursues his own, eccentric muse. KREMER KREMER KREMER" By Keith Botsford. New York Times. Oct 2, 1988. p. SM50 (5 pages)
"Reflex-ions on Kennedy" 
By Keith Botsford. KOLOKOL. Grafica Panamericana, S. de R. L., Parroquia 911, Mexico, D. F., Jan 25, 1964. (18 pages)
Book introduction.
"Ceremony in Lone Tree", by Wright Morris. Publisher: Bison Books, September 1, 2001, 304 pages. Introduction by Keith Botsford
Magazines.
"Bostonia",
"Poetry New York",
"Grand Prix International",
"Yale Poetry Review"
"Leviathan",
"Stand", 
"The Warwick Review"
Newspaper articles.
"The Sunday Times of London",
"The Independent",
"La Stampa"

</doc>
<doc id="20511691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511691" title="A Lovely Way to Spend Christmas">
A Lovely Way to Spend Christmas

A Lovely Way to Spend Christmas is the third studio and first Christmas album released by American singer and actress Kristin Chenoweth. Released on October 14, 2008, the album sees Chenoweth collaborating with jazz musician John Pizzarelli on "Sleigh Ride/Marshmallow World". Chenoweth stated she had desired to record a Christmas album since signing with Sony Classical in 2000 after being inspired by Barbra Streisand's "A Christmas Album" as a child. The album has peaked at #77 on the "Billboard" 200 so far, and has become her first album to chart on the Billboard 200.

</doc>
<doc id="20511716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511716" title="Swimming at the 1962 Asian Games">
Swimming at the 1962 Asian Games

Swimming was contested at the 1962 Asian Games in Senayan Swimming Stadium, Jakarta, Indonesia from August 29 to September 1, 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="20511718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511718" title="Stuck like Chuck">
Stuck like Chuck

Stuck Like Chuck is a low budget romantic comedy about friendship, love, college and the awkward situations that bring them all together. It was written, directed, edited and produced by student filmmaker Jerry Cavallaro for about $2,500. It stars Joe Moran, Jocelyn DeBoer and Patrick McColley. Lloyd Kaufman makes a cameo appearance.
Plot.
Charlie, played by Joe Moran, is a shy and geeky college student who is studying film production at an unnamed college. His roommate is the much more outgoing Rob, played by Patrick McColley. Their dorm room features walls covered with posters for horror and porn movies, as well as Christmas lights and cut out pictures of women’s breasts, which is dubbed Rob’s “wall of tits.” The room also features an unseen closet that is the home to all of Rob’s drug paraphernalia.
The film opens with a conversation about independent movies, which leads directly to the film’s title. We then see Charlie and Rob in their film-201 classroom where Charlie fantasizes about Juliet, the girl who sits across from him. Juliet, played by Jocelyn DeBoer, seems to be a mixture of Charlie and Rob. She shares Charlie’s main interests of horror movies and Kevin Smith, while being outgoing and a bit more vulgar like Rob. She also harbors feelings for Charlie, which is obvious the first time they interact on screen. Unfortunately, Charlie can’t take a hint (or several dozen hints) and Rob develops a plan to get the two of them together. The next time Charlie helps Juliet in the editing bay, Rob convinces their bumbling Professor to end class early locking Charlie and Juliet in the classroom. Stuck spending the night together, Charlie and Juliet finally open up to each other. The film develops through a series of witty conversations and is filled with sharp dialogue, obscure movie references and indie film clichés.
Production.
The film was made during the director’s winter break and production continued after he started his Spring term. The movie was filmed almost entirely in two locations; the director’s school and his grandma’s house, which doubled as a dorm. He edited the film while still in school and actually finished the entire movie before the term ended. The film was made for a little under $4,000, all of which came from the director’s pocket.
Festivals.
Stuck Like Chuck had its world premiere on June 6, 2009 as part of the SINY Film Festival. It had its second public screening on June 7, 2009. The Staten Island Advance picked Stuck Like Chuck as their second most anticipated film of the festival and their first most anticipated feature. On June 7, 2009 the film won the Audience Choice Comedy award at the SINY Film Festival Awards Ceremony.
Distribution.
The film is still searching for distribution although the first trailer hinted that if they prove unsuccessful at finding a distributor, they will self release the film online. This was said in a joking manner and should not be taken seriously. It is more likely that the film will take the usual route of playing at film festivals until a distributor picks it up.
Advertising.
The advertising for Stuck Like Chuck has consisted mostly of promotional videos posted on YouTube, Myspace, Funny Or Die and Facebook. The videos usually contain no actual footage from the film and each has some kind of a theme. One trailer speaks of a celebrity cameo appearing in the film but the name of the celebrity is not revealed. It has been joked about a few more times but the celebrity has not yet been revealed. On March 7, 2009, the first official trailer for the film was released.
Stuck Like Chuck: The Trailer Trilogy.
The for Stuck Like Chuck was created in the style of an infomercial with the actors playing exaggerated versions of themselves pitching the film to the viewers. A was released a few weeks later, which was a follow up to the first trailer. This time, the actors still addressing the viewers apologize for the lack of clips from the actual film in the first trailer and invite the viewers to watch a compilation of behind the scenes footage and outtakes from the film set to a song from the movie. A , concludes the infomercial-like trailer trilogy, with Joe getting upset that people don’t “get” the concept for the trailers.
Netflix Movie Watching World Championship.
In an effort to promote Stuck Like Chuck, Jerry Cavallaro was a contestant in the Netflix Movie Watching World Championship, which took place in October 2008. Jerry lasted almost 3 days straight watching movies in a glass enclosure set up in the middle of Time Square. He came in third place and was labeled "New York's Top Couch Potato" by local news.
We Are Movie Geeks.
After the Netflix competition, Jerry became a contributing editor on the movie info site, wearemoviegeeks.com. He premieres all of his new videos through the site.
Soundtrack.
The movie features songs from several independent and unsigned rock bands, as well as comedy songs from the duo Stuckey & Murray. The film, and more importantly the music featured in it, has been written about several times on the popular music blog, The Daily Chorus.
Track listing.
by Hush Hush, Commotion
by Goot
Ice Nine Kills
by Greenbrier Lane
Danger Is My Middle Name
Raining & OK
by Gone Baby Gone
by Stuckey and Murray
by Stuckey and Murray
by Sail By The Stars
Stuck Like Chuck: The TV Show.
A pilot for a live action TV series was created alongside the film. It was done more for fun and to be used as a bonus feature on the eventual DVD. It takes place mostly in the dorm room and features the characters in an extended conversation about what they hate about TV shows. It has yet to be shown publicly.

</doc>
<doc id="20511722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511722" title="Meltdown (GrimSkunk album)">
Meltdown (GrimSkunk album)

Meltdown is the second album by Quebec hard rock group GrimSkunk released in 1996. The title of the song P.C.P. is an acronym for "Problème de Consommation Personnelle" meaning "personal consumption problem" related to drug use and features Uncle Costa and Shantal Arroyo on lead vocals. A video was made for "No Sympathy". The songs "Lord Ogre" and "Fat Al's Illness" are rerecorded versions from the Fatal Illness days, the latter being a wordplay on the band's early name.
References.
Bande à part profile
Video of No Sympathy

</doc>
<doc id="20511727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511727" title="And Thou Shalt Love">
And Thou Shalt Love

And Thou Shalt Love () is an Israeli short film. It was directed by Chaim Elbaum. The film examines the difficulties of being both an Orthodox Jew and gay. The story is based on Elbaum's experiences with being gay.
It won the best drama award at the 2008 Jerusalem Film Festival.
Plot.
Ohad, the protagonist, is serving in the Israel Defense Forces as a Hesder student. He has not told anyone that he is gay. He tries various ways of dealing with the conflict between his religious beliefs and his sexual orientation, including Atzat Nefesh. He is told to spend forty days fasting and repenting to help rid him of his homosexual inclinations. He does this and believes himself to be cured.
After this, his best friend, Nir, returns from leave. Ohed is torn between his homosexuality and his religion. The film deals with the struggles Ohed faces when it comes to loving God and loving Nir.

</doc>
<doc id="20511731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511731" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1835">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1835

UN Security Council Resolution 1835 was adopted unanimously by United Nations Security Council on 27 September 2008. The resolution was in response to the 15 September report of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) that stated that Iran had not suspended uranium-enrichment-related activities. The resolution reaffirmed four previous Security Council resolutions: 1696 (2006), 1737 (2006), 1747 (2007), and 1803 (2008).
Background.
On 15 September 2008, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) released a report on the execution of Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) regulations in Iran. The report also investigated Iran’s acquiescence to Security Council Resolutions 1737, 1747, and 1803. The report found conclusively that Iran was continuing along its path of non-compliance.
In addition, the report included two important findings about Iran’s non-compliance. The report found that Iran is making significant progress on developing and operating its centrifuges and that it continues to resist efforts to address its suspected nuclear weapons work.
5984th Council Meeting.
The 5984th meeting of the UN Security Council took place on 27 September 2008. The P5+1 countries; United States, United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, and the People's Republic of China, proposed the resolution. The resolution was passed unanimously. The meeting lasted from 4:05 pm to 4:10 pm.
The representative of Indonesia voted in favor of the resolution despite making a statement before the vote was taken. The representative, who had abstained from voting for resolution 1803 in 2008, declared Indonesia's support for the resolution because it did not provide for additional sanctions against Iran. He emphasized Indonesia's desire for a negotiated solution, one that provided incentives, not "discentives" to Iran.
Public reaction.
Iran.
Iran dismissed the resolution, saying that its uranium development was for peaceful purposes and that it would not stop its uranium enrichment programs. The president of Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad announced that his country would resist “bullying powers” trying to prevent nuclear development in Iran.
The Chief Nuclear Negotiator, Saeed Jalili told Iranian television that the resolution would only foster “mistrust” stating, “These are not constructive. What they need to do is to attract the trust of the Iranian nation through constructive co-operation and collective commitment.”
United States.
Condoleezza Rice, the Secretary of State of the United States, declared US support for the resolution saying that it was a positive step that confirms the resolve of the international community and the P5+1. Rice also stated that the resolution lets “the Iranians know that the unity is very strong.”
Russia.
Vitaly Churkin, Russia’s UN Representative, claimed that the idea for the resolution had been his country's. The week before the resolution was passed, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov pulled out of talks on Iran's nuclear program.
Furthermore, Lavrov stated that it was Russian belief that the resolution helps further “the primary goal” of the P5+1, which is “to help the IAEA ascertain that there is no military dimension to the nuclear program in Iran.”

</doc>
<doc id="20511733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511733" title="Torashi Shimazu">
Torashi Shimazu

Torashi Shimazu (島津 虎史, born August 20, 1978 in Shizuoka) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Grulla Morioka.
Club career stats.
As of 8 December 2009

</doc>
<doc id="20511742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511742" title="Timothy R. Hawthorne">
Timothy R. Hawthorne

Timothy R. Hawthorne (born June 29, 1950), is a recognized leader in direct response marketing, specializing in direct response television, also known as DRTV. This advertising format provides in-depth product or service information via longer TV format lengths--"long form" or "infomercials" (1/2 hour) and "short form" (one to two minutes)--then prompts viewers to take immediate action to either purchase or learn more about the product or service by visiting specific websites or calling a toll-free telephone number.
In 1986, Hawthorne founded the nation's first advertising agency dedicated to producing infomercials. In 1997, NTC Business Books (McGraw-Hill) published his textbook on the subject--"The Complete Guide To Infomercial Marketing"--which many marketers consider "the industry Bible." In it, Hawthorne outlines the history of long form advertising, describes how to create and produce half-hour commercials, and explains the theory behind "the power of the half-hour." 
In 1990, marketing experts Stan Rapp and Tom Collins acknowledged Hawthorne as "the king of the infomercial." In 2006, the Electronic Retailing Association (ERA) awarded Hawthorne its Lifetime Achievement Award to honor him for being "a major architect and pioneer in the DRTV industry, with an unsurpassed reputation for leadership, vision, and integrity."
Education and early career.
Hawthorne graduated "cum laude" from Harvard University in 1973, majoring in Psychology. After gaining considerable expertise in documentary film production with CBS and NBC network affiliate news divisions in Minneapolis and Philadelphia, he founded Hawthorne Productions in 1980, and was accepted into the Directors Guild of America. Early clients included prime-time programs "Real People" and "That’s Incredible!", as well as syndicated shows "You Asked For It", "Ripley’s Believe It or Not", and "Entertainment Tonight". He also contributed programs to The Cable Health Network.
Helping Build the DRTV Industry.
In October 1984, Hawthorne took $25,000 in start-up capital to co-found Fairfield Television Enterprises, Inc., a direct response television marketing company. He served as President, producer, and creative visionary for the company, which became a major architect of the modern infomercial format. Hawthorne served as executive producer of the fourth long form TV commercial to air in the modern era—a real estate home study program that dominated the fledgling industry for two years, grossing over $60 million in sales.
In July 1986, Hawthorne founded Hawthorne Communications, an advertising agency focused exclusively on direct response television (DRTV). By virtue of producing early DRTV programs for such established brands as Apple, Inc., Nissan, and Time-Life, he played a significant role in bringing respectability to a medium often derided for bogus products, cheesy demonstrations, and "yell and sell" spokespeople. In response to infomercials' poor public image, Hawthorne joined with eight colleagues in 1991 to found the National Infomercial Marketing Association (NIMA), which defined DRTV advertising guidelines and ethical standards. NIMA became the Electronic Retailing Association in 1997.
In 1995, Hawthorne was named one of ResponseTV's "25 most influential people in DRTV," and in 1996, "USA Today" and Ernst & Young recognized him as "Entrepreneur of the Year" for the Iowa/Nebraska region. In 1997, Hawthorne re-branded his agency as Hawthorne Direct, which continues to focus on traditional and brand DRTV, as well as internet and mobile direct response.
In 2001 Hawthorne and Time Life Direct won Questar's 'Best of Show' award for Julia Havey's "Take it Off w/ Julia" weight loss informercial, the only weight loss infomercial ever filmed by Time Life Direct.http://www.hawthornedirect.com/past_press_releases/2002/pr20020614_13.html
Pioneering Achievements.
Hawthorne is credited with a number of DRTV industry firsts. He was the first advocate of major brand advertisers incorporating long form TV advertising in their media mix. He wrote the industry's most cited full-length textbook. He produced or managed the first infomercial for a Fortune 500 company (Time-Life), for a major credit card company (Discover Card), and a major health insurance company (Blue Cross). He also created the first infomercial campaign for driving retail sales for an established brand (Braun). He oversaw development of the first software program, TimeTrackTM, dedicated to analyzing sales and viewership performance of purchased media time slots. He introduced the Media Efficiency Ratio (MER) key performance indicator, now a standard industry metric. He signed the first long-term bulk media contract with a national cable network, Discovery Channel (in 1985) for the airing of DRTV commercials, published the first newsletter devoted to DRTV ("The 1-800 Report"), and introduced the “three calls-to-action” formula—a staple in DRTV. He was the first to produce a 30-minute “documercial” (using a documentary format to sell products), and the first to introduce a “promomercial” (a 30-minute program designed to promote a different television program—-in this case, NBC’s "Jag").
Original Works.
BOOKS
"The Complete Guide to Infomercial Marketing", NTC Business Books, 1997 (updated by Hawthorne Direct in 2005 and 2008).
"The ABCs of DRTV", Hawthorne Direct, 2006.
"The ABCs of Interactive Advertising", Hawthorne Direct, 2006.
Hawthorne has also contributed content or chapters for nine direct marketing texts, including Seth Godin's "eMarketing" (1995), Frank Cannella's "Infomercial Insights" (1995), and Robert W. Bly's "The Complete Idiot's Guide to Direct Marketing" (2001).
DVDS
"Anatomy of a Winning Infomercial", Hawthorne Direct, 2005.
MAGAZINE ARTICLES AND SPEAKING
Hawthorne has delivered over 50 speeches worldwide, published over 175 articles in such publications as "Advertising Age", "Target Marketing", and "DM News", and writes regular columns for "Response", "Electronic Retailer", and "Online Strategies". A frequently updated list of Hawthorne's articles is available.

</doc>
<doc id="20511765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511765" title="Dead and Gone">
Dead and Gone

"Dead and Gone" is a song by American hip hop recording artist T.I., featuring American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake. It was released as the fourth single from T.I.'s sixth studio album "Paper Trail" (2008). Due to high digital download's upon the album's release, the song debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100, before it's official single release. The song marked the second collaboration between T.I. and Justin Timberlake, the first being hit single, "My Love", from Timberlake's second album "FutureSex/LoveSounds" (2006). T.I. and Timberlake performed this song at the 51st Grammy Awards. The song was later nominated twice at the 52nd Grammy Awards, for 'Best Rap/Sung Collaboration' and 'Best Rap Song'.
Background.
Rob Knox (not to be confused with the murdered actor), one of the producers, expressed his feelings into creating the song.
In the song, T.I. deals with the death of his best friend and former bodyguard, Philant Johnson, who was killed on May 3, 2006, when T.I.'s crew was caught up in a shooting after a show in Cincinnati that left three injured and Johnson killed. The lyrics include lines such as: "Who ever thought I'd never see Philant no more," and "Big Phil this is for you." Johnson's tombstone is shown in the video.
Critic response.
Sputnik Music was extremely positive: "you can't help but not skip the track. "Dead and Gone" yet another Timberlake / T.I. track is bolstered by its impressive Timberland beat and the fact that ends that album on a very, very strong note."
Composition and lyrics.
There are two radio edits. One with the intro and outro cut off, and the explicit words being censored. Another edit, had cut the intro, the first chorus from Justin Timberlake, and the outro of the song, as well as replaced explicit words with less-offensive words.
"Dead And Gone" is set in common time with a tempo of 84 beats per minute and is set in the key of A-minor, with a chord sequence of Am-C-G-F-E.
Release.
The song was first confirmed as the next single by co-producer Rob Knox. T.I. later confirmed the release of the single himself.
Chart performance.
Before the single was announced, the track debuted on number 76 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, due to high downloads. Following its official release as a single, on the last week of December it made a re-entry on the chart at number 99 and was able to reach #2, it was not able to succeed Flo Rida's hit single "Right Round" from the top spot for five consecutive weeks, the following week it fell to the number four position and then to number 6. It is T.I.'s fourth consecutive top 5 hit on the Hot 100 from "Paper Trail", and seventh of his career as a lead artist. On Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs it has reached #2 so far. The song reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot Rap Tracks and the Hot 100 Airplay chart on the week of March 14, 2009. It also, so far, has peaked to #9 on the "Billboard" Pop 100 Airplay chart and #3 at the "Billboard" Pop 100 chart. As of August 2011, the song has sold over 3,000,000 digital downloads in the US alone. In the United Kingdom, the song made a strong debut at #30 on the UK Singles Chart, and the following week climbed to #17 and peaked at #4. In Canada it debuted at #59 on the Canadian Hot 100 the same week it did as in the U.S., and after its physical release it made a re-entry at #70 and has now peaked at #3.""'
Music video.
The video was directed by Chris Robinson and was filmed in the first week of February in Los Angeles, California. The video surfaced on the internet a few hours before the official release date on February 17. In it, T.I. is filmed driving throughout a desert landscape, interspersed with shots of Justin Timberlake standing alone in the desert or playing a piano. T.I. eventually drives up in a '67 Camaro SS and meets with Timberlake and they continue the song together as the camera circles around them. Shortly before the final rendition of the chorus, there is a break in the music and a brief montage of images, with the words "good", "evil", and "redemption", appears. As the song draws to a close, T.I. is seen returning to his car and driving off, leaving Timberlake standing alone once again in the dark, with his piano set ablaze in the background. The very end of the video shows T.I. getting out of the car and entering the prison with the gates closing behind him. This is a cliffhanger that is revealed in "Remember Me".
The video ranked at #34 on BET's "Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2009" countdown.

</doc>
<doc id="20511800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511800" title="You're in the Movies">
You're in the Movies

Gameplay.
"You're in the Movies" uses the bundled Xbox Live Vision Camera where players are required to play mini-games by mimicking actions that will appear in a movie trailer, which are in a context of various sci-fi, thriller, and adventure stories. Scores are awarded based on how closely each player manages to mimic the action required. Afterwards, players have to do a series of pick-up shots by assuming various facial expressions for the camera, such as an evil grin or a look of intense concentration. Videos can be shared to people in different households via links sent by Xbox through email.
Development.
Zoë Mode, who had previously experienced with camera games before, conceived the idea of the game from their V-screen technology they had used in their previous games. They were thinking how this technology could have its best use, and they thought a movie game would be a perfect fit. Andy Trowers, the lead designer of the game, stated the following: 
The developers first had to prove that the game all worked. They made what's called a "vertical slide" of the game, where they made one movie and they thought about all the games that would make the actions. Trowers said that they "wanted people to be able to share movies" and "give people the freedom to do what they wanted." 
All of the movie themes and mini-games were conceived by the creative-design team, which they decided the movie themes would have an old B-movie feel. Trowers notes the making of the mini-games to be "quite an organic process": "Sometimes we'd have a movie and we'd say OK, we want the player to do this in the scene, which is the action we want, so try to think of a game idea for this. But other times we'd be thinking, "Oh, you know what, we got this great idea for a game and these are the essential actions we can get out of it, how are we going to use it in movies?" So it was really a three-way process, trying to figure out what we could get people to do, what would be fun, how it would fit in the movie--it wasn't just one process of doing it, it had to go both ways." There had also been a few more movie ideas, but they were left out of the game.
Release and promotion.
The developers originally thought the game's target audience would be fairly adult-age. Towers notes: "We started out with an idea that the users are going to be fairly old, but then as we sort of made the game we focused it. We realized that lots of different people get fun out of the game in lots of different ways. We tested on young kids, we tested on adults, we tested on a mix of the two, and we came to the conclusion that anyone can play this game. We very much wanted the game to be accessible from the start so that you can play alongside your granny or with your kids. We saw people enjoying it from all ages."
At Microsoft's Press Conference at the E3 2008 conference in July, Shane Kim announced the game, along with "Scene it: Box Office Smash". The feature in the game that allows players to star in trailers for fake movies was shown in the conference. The movie shows was entitled "Cold Blooded" and was about a giant, radioactive salamander. Other Gameplay Footage was also shown during the conference as well. It was later shown at the Games Convention one month later.
On October 23, 2008, Hollywood star Burt Reynolds fronted a series of TV and magazine advertising spots for the game. The commercials featured Reynolds using his long and illustrious career as a part of the tinsel town A-list, starring in more than 90 feature films to date, to show would be leading men and women how to become stars by transforming their living rooms into Hollywood studios, capturing the attention and participation of family and friends. Reynolds said it was "great to be able to share some of my experience with everyone about what it takes to be a movie star. "You're in the Movies" on Xbox 360 allows everyone to have a piece of the action and have a fun time with their friends and family, starring in their own features, from the comfort of their own homes." The ads first premiered in North America on VH1 on November 18, 2008, and aired in major European markets from November 28.
Critical reception.
"You're in the Movies" received generally mixed to negative reviews from critics. It currently holds a score of 55.92% on the aggregate gaming review site Gamerankings. It also received, out of 100, a 55 from Metacritic based on 19 reviews. 
Video game reviewers from gaming websites and magazines mainly criticized the game for the Xbox Live Vision Camera bundled with the game. Even before the game's release, EyeToy's Sandy Spangler thought there would be some technical difficulties with players; he stated, "They're using some technical elements that are not reliable, at least not according to our experience. They're using background subtraction to put you in the movie, and it's not very robust, that's why we haven't done it in any of our games."
Nate Ahearn from IGN, who gave the game a 4.2/10, referred to the Vision Camera as "an annoyance" that "handcuffs the entire experience." Nate also criticized the pacing and the activities, which he called them "boring", stating "You’re in the Movies is bad, no matter how many beers you’ve consumed throughout the night." Don Francis from Gamespot called it "a box-office bust, despite featuring your own recognizable stars." and also criticized the voice acting which he called "annoying". He concluded "Despite the pack-in camera, the problems of You're in the Movies drag this would-be game down, making the $60 price tag much too high to justify. There are better party games on the Xbox 360, and less expensive ways to get a Vision Camera." 1UP.com's Tyler Barber, who gave the game C+, called it more of "a video game, not an acting studio." 
Eurogamer's Dan Whitehead was the harshest on the game, which he gave the game 2/10, stating "People don't live in movie studios. They live in houses and flats that are lit for comfort, not to fulfil the technical requirements of an ageing webcam. If you really want to put yourself and your friends on the TV, leave this failed experiment on the shelf, and put the money towards a digital camcorder instead."

</doc>
<doc id="20511811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511811" title="Aspira">
Aspira

Aspira is a tall skyscraper in the Denny Triangle neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. It has 37 floors, and mostly consists of apartments. Construction began in 2007 and was completed in late 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20511817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511817" title="Ataxocerithium">
Ataxocerithium

Ataxocerithium is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiidae. 
Species.
Species in the genus "Ataxocerithium" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20511821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511821" title="My Song (Keith Jarrett album)">
My Song (Keith Jarrett album)

My Song is an album by American pianist Keith Jarrett which was released on the ECM label in 1978. It is the second album by Jarrett's 'European Quartet' featuring Jan Garbarek, Palle Danielsson and Jon Christensen.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "Due to the popularity of the haunting "My Song," this album is the best known of the Jarrett-Garbarek collaborations and it actually is their most rewarding meeting on record. Jarrett contributed all six compositions and the results are relaxed and introspective yet full of inner tension.".

</doc>
<doc id="20511834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511834" title="Jungo Kono">
Jungo Kono

Jungo Kono (born July 9, 1982 in Kanagawa) is a former Japanese football player who recently played for Tokushima Vortis.

</doc>
<doc id="20511893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511893" title="Albert Nickerson">
Albert Nickerson

Albert L. Nickerson (January 17, 1911 – August 7, 1994) was the Chairman and C.E.O. of Mobil Oil, and chair of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York from 1961 to 1966.
Nickerson graduated from Noble and Greenough School in 1929 and Harvard University in 1933. He began working for Mobil in the year of his graduation from Harvard, and eventually rose to become the company's President in 1955, and then Chairman and Chief Executive from 1958 to 1969. He served as Chairman of The Business Council from 1967 to 1968.
He served on the board of Rockefeller University and the Boston Symphony Orchestra. He married his wife Elizabeth, in 1934, and had four children, Christine, Albert, Elizabeth and Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="20511898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511898" title="Hermann Pabst">
Hermann Pabst

Hermann Pabst (January 4 1842 – August 16, 1870) was a German historian who was a native of Burg bei Magdeburg in the Province of Saxony.
He initially studied philology at the University of Bonn, where one of his instructors was Friedrich Wilhelm Ritschl (1806-1876). Afterwards he studied history under Georg Waitz (1813-1886) at the University of Göttingen. In 1864 he earned his doctorate at the University of Berlin, and two years later obtained his habilitation. He later performed historical research in Siena and Rome. As a combatant during the Franco-Prussian War, he was killed in the Battle of Mars-la-Tour on August 16, 1870 at age 28.
Pabst was the author of "Geschichte des langobardischen Herzogthums" (History of the Lombard Duchies) (1862), and edited the second volume of Siegfried Hirsch's "Jahrbücher des Deutschen Reichs unter Heinrich II" (Annals of the German Empire under Henry II).

</doc>
<doc id="20511935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511935" title="Multielectrode array">
Multielectrode array

Multielectrode arrays (MEAs) or microelectrode arrays are devices that contain multiple plates or shanks through which neural signals are obtained or delivered, essentially serving as neural interfaces that connect neurons to electronic circuitry. There are two general classes of MEAs: implantable MEAs, used "in vivo", and non-implantable MEAs, used "in vitro".
Theory.
Neurons and muscle cells create ion currents through their membranes when excited, causing a change in voltage between the inside and the outside of the cell. When recording, the electrodes on an MEA transduce the change in voltage from the environment carried by ions into currents carried by electrons (electronic currents). When stimulating, electrodes transduce electronic currents into ionic currents through the media. This triggers the voltage-gated ion channels on the membranes of the excitable cells, causing the cell to depolarize and trigger an action potential if it is a neuron or a twitch if it is a muscle cell.
The size and shape of a recorded signal depend upon several factors: the nature of the medium in which the cell or cells are located (e.g. the medium's electrical conductivity, capacitance, and homogeneity); the nature of contact between the cells and the MEA electrode (e.g. area of contact and tightness); the nature of the MEA electrode itself (e.g. its geometry, impedance, and noise); the analog signal processing (e.g. the system's gain, bandwidth, and behavior outside of cutoff frequencies); and the data sampling properties (e.g. sampling rate and digital signal processing). For the recording of a single cell that partially covers a planar electrode, the voltage at the contact pad is approximately equal to the voltage of the overlapping region of the cell and electrode multiplied by the ratio the surface area of the overlapping region to the area of the entire electrode, or:
formula_1
assuming the area around an electrode is well-insulated and has a very small capacitance associated with it. The equation above, however, relies on modeling the electrode, cells, and their surroundings as an equivalent circuit diagram. An alternative means of predicting cell-electrode behavior is by modeling the system using a geometry-based finite element analysis in an attempt to circumvent the limitations of oversimplifying the system in a lumped circuit element diagram.
An MEA can be used to perform electrophysiological experiments on tissue slices or dissociated cell cultures. With acute tissue slices, the connections between the cells within the tissue slices prior to extraction and plating are more or less preserved, while the intercellular connections in dissociated cultures are destroyed prior to plating. With dissociated neuronal cultures, the neurons spontaneously form networks.
It can be seen that the voltage amplitude an electrode experiences is inversely related to the distance from which a cell depolarizes. Thus, it may be necessary for the cells to be cultured or otherwise placed as close to the electrodes as possible. With tissue slices, a layer of electrically passive dead cells form around the site of incision due to edema. A way to deal with this is by fabricating an MEA with three-dimensional electrodes fabricated by masking and chemical etching. These 3-D electrodes penetrate the dead cell layer of the slice tissue, decreasing the distance between live cells and the electrodes. In dissociated cultures, proper adherence of the cells to the MEA substrate is important for getting robust signals.
History.
The first implantable arrays were microwire arrays developed in the 1950s. The first experiment involving the use of an array of planar electrodes to record from cultured cells was conducted in 1972 by C.A. Thomas, Jr. and his colleagues. The experimental setup used a 2 x 15 array of gold electrodes plated with platinum black, each spaced 100 µm apart from each other. Myocytes harvested from embryonic chicks were dissociated and cultured onto the MEAs, and signals up to 1 mV high in amplitude were recorded. MEAs were constructed and used to explore the electrophysiology of snail ganglia independently by G. Gross and his colleagues in 1977 without prior knowledge of Thomas and his colleagues' work. In 1982, Gross observed spontaneous electrophysiological activity from dissociated spinal cord neurons, and found that activity was very dependent on temperature. Below about 30˚C signal amplitudes decrease rapidly to relatively small value at room temperature.
Before the 1990s, significant entry barriers existed for new laboratories that sought to conduct MEA research due to the custom MEA fabrication and software they had to develop. However, with the advent of affordable computing power and commercial MEA hardware and software, many other laboratories were able to undertake research using MEAs.
Types.
Microelectrode arrays can be divided up into subcategories based on their potential use: "in vitro" and "in vivo" arrays.
"In vitro" arrays.
The standard type of "in vitro" MEA comes in a pattern of 8 x 8 or 6 x 10 electrodes. Electrodes are typically composed of indium tin oxide or titanium and have diameters between 10 and 30 μm. These arrays are normally used for single-cell cultures or acute brain slices.
One challenge among "in vitro" MEAs has been imaging them with microscopes that use high power lenses, requiring low working distances on the order of micrometers. In order to avoid this problem, "thin"-MEAs have been created using cover slip glass. These arrays are approximately 180 μm allowing them to be used with high-power lenses.
In another special design, 60 electrodes are split into 6 x 5 arrays separated by 500 μm. Electrodes within a group are separated by 30 um with diameters of 10 μm. Arrays such as this are used to examine local responses of neurons while also studying functional connectivity of organotypic slices.
Spatial resolution is one of the key advantages of MEAs and allows signals sent over a long distance to be taken with higher precision when a high-density MEA is used. These arrays usually have a square grid pattern of 256 electrodes that cover an area of 2.8 by 2.8 mm.
Increased spatial resolution is provided by CMOS-based high-density microelectrode arrays featuring thousands of electrodes along with integrated readout and stimulation circuits on compact chips of the size of a thumbnail. Even the resolution of signals propagating along single axons has been demonstrated.
In order to obtain quality signals electrodes and tissue must be in close contact with one another. The perforated MEA design applies negative pressure to openings in the substrate so that tissue slices can be positioned on the electrodes to enhance contact and recorded signals.
A different approach to lower the electrode impedance is by modification of the interface material, for example by using carbon nanotubes, or by modification of the structure of the electrodes, with for example gold nanopillars or nanocavities.
"In vivo" arrays.
The three major categories of implantable MEAs are microwire, silicon- based, and flexible microelectrode arrays. Microwire MEAs are largely made of stainless steel or tungsten and they can be used to estimate the position of individual recorded neurons by triangulation. Silicon-based microelectrode arrays include two specific models: the Michigan and Utah arrays. Michigan arrays allow a higher density of sensors for implantation as well as a higher spatial resolution than microwire MEAs. They also allow signals to be obtained along the length of the shank, rather than just at the ends of the shanks. In contrast to Michigan arrays, Utah arrays are 3-D, consisting of 100 conductive silicon needles. However, in a Utah array signals are only received from the tips of each electrode, which limits the amount of information that can be obtained at one time. Furthermore, Utah arrays are manufactured with set dimensions and parameters while the Michigan array allows for more design freedom. Flexible arrays, made with polyimide, parylene, or benzocyclobutene, provide an advantage over rigid microelectrode arrays because they provide a closer mechanical match, as the Young's modulus of silicon is much larger than that of brain tissue, contributing to shear-induced inflammation.
Data processing methods.
The fundamental unit of communication of neurons is, electrically, at least, the action potential. This all-or-nothing phenomenon originates at the axon hillock, resulting in a depolarization of the intracellular environment which propagates down the axon. This ion flux through the cellular membrane generates a sharp change in voltage in the extracellular environment, which is what the MEA electrodes ultimately detect. Thus, voltage spike counting and sorting is often used in research to characterize network activity.
Advantages.
In general, the major strengths of "in vitro" arrays when compared to more traditional methods such as patch clamping include:
Furthermore, "in vitro" arrays are non-invasive when compared to patch clamping because they do not require breaching of the cell membrane.
With respect to "in vivo" arrays however, the major advantage over patch clamping is the high spatial resolution. Implantable arrays allow signals to be obtained from individual neurons enabling information such as position or velocity of motor movement that can be used to control a prosthetic device. Large-scale, parallel recordings with tens of implanted electrodes are possible, at least in rodents, during animal behavior. This makes such extracellular recordings the method of choice to identify of neural circuits and to study their functions. Unambiguous identification of the recorded neuron using multi-electrode extracellular arrays, however, remains a problem to date.
Disadvantages.
"In vitro" MEAs are less suited for recording and stimulating single cells due to their low spatial resolution compared to patch clamp and dynamic clamp systems. The complexity of signals an MEA electrode could effectively transmit to other cells is limited compared to the capabilities of dynamic clamps.
There are also several biological responses to implantation of a microelectrode array, particularly in regards to chronic implantation. Most notable among these effects are neuronal cell loss, glial scarring, and a drop in the number of functioning electrodes. The tissue response to implantation is dependent among many factors including size of the MEA shanks, distance between the shanks, MEA material composition, and time period of insertion. The tissue response is typically divided into short term and long term response. The short term response occurs within hours of implantation and begins with an increased population of astrocytes and glial cells surrounding the device. The recruited microglia then initiate inflammation and a process of phagocytosis of the foreign material begins. Over time, the astrocytes and microglia recruited to the device begin to accumulate, forming a sheath surrounding the array that extends tens of micrometres around the device. This not only increases the space between electrode probes, but also insulates the electrodes and increases impedance measurements. Problems with chronic implantation of arrays have been a driving force in the research of these devices. One novel study examined the neurodegenerative effects of inflammation caused by chronic implantation. Immunohistochemical markers showed a surprising presence of hyperphosphorylated tau, an indicator of Alzheimer's disease, near the electrode recording site. The phagocytosis of electrode material also brings to question the issue of a biocompatibility response, which research suggests has been minor and becomes almost nonexistent after 12 weeks "in vivo". Research to minimize the negative effects of device insertion includes surface coating of the devices with proteins that encourage neuron attachment, such as laminin, or drug eluting substances.
Applications.
"In vitro".
The nature of dissociated neuronal networks does not seem to change or diminish the character of its pharmacological response when compared to "in vivo" models, suggesting that MEAs can be used to study pharmacological effects on dissociated neuronal cultures in a more simple, controlled environment. A number of pharmacological studies using MEAs on dissociated neuronal networks, e.g. studies with ethanol. 
In addition, a substantial body of work on various biophysical aspects of network function was carried out by reducing phenomena usually studied at the behavioral level to the dissociated cortical network level. For example, the capacity of such networks to extract spatial and temporal features of various input signals, dynamics of synchronization, sensitivity to neuromodulation and kinetics of learning using closed loop regimes. Finally, combining MEA technology with confocal microscopy allows for studying relationships between network activity and synaptic remodeling.
MEAs have been used to interface neuronal networks with non-biological systems as a controller. For example, a neural-computer interface can be created using MEAs. Dissociated rat cortical neurons were integrated into a closed stimulus-response feedback loop to control an animat in a virtual environment. A closed-loop stimulus-response system has also been constructed using an MEA by Dr. Potter, Dr. Mandhavan, and Dr. DeMarse, and by Mark Hammond, Kevin Warwick, and Ben Whalley in the University of Reading. About 300,000 dissociated rat neurons were plated on an MEA, which was connected to motors and ultrasound sensors on a robot, and was conditioned to avoid obstacles when sensed. Along these lines, Shimon Marom and colleagues in the Technion hooked dissociated neuronal networks growing on MEAs to a Lego MindStorms robot; the visual field of the robot was classified by the network, and commands were delivered to the robot wheels such that it completely avoids bumping into obstacles . link to movie. Interestingly, this "Braitenberg Vehicle" was used to demonstrate the indeterminacy of reverse neuro-engineering showing that even in a simple setup with practically unlimited access to every piece of relevant information, it was impossible to deduce with certainty the specific neural coding scheme that was used to drive the robots behavior.
MEAs have been used to observe network firing in hippocampal slices.
"In vivo".
There are several implantable interfaces that are currently available for consumer use including deep brain stimulators, cochlear implants, and cardiac pacemakers. Deep brain stimulation (DBS) has been effective at treating movement disorders such as Parkinson's disease, and cochlear implants have helped many to improve their hearing by assisting stimulation of the auditory nerve. Because of their remarkable potential, MEAs are a prominent area of neuroscience research. Research suggests that MEAs may provide insight into processes such as memory formation and perception and may also hold therapeutic value for conditions such as epilepsy, depression, and obsessive-compulsive disorder. Clinical trials using interface devices for restoring motor control after spinal cord injury or as treatment for ALS have been initiated in a project entitled BrainGate (see video demo: BrainGate). MEAs provide the high resolution necessary to record time varying signals, giving them the ability to be used to both control and obtain feedback from prosthetic devices, as was shown by Kevin Warwick, Mark Gasson and Peter Kyberd. Research suggests that MEA use may be able to assist in the restoration of vision by stimulating the optic pathway.
MEA user meetings.
A biannual scientific user meeting is held in Reutlingen, organized by the Natural and Medical Sciences Institute (NMI) at the University of Tuebingen. The meetings offer a comprehensive overview of all aspects related to new developments and current applications of Microelectrode Arrays in basic and applied neuroscience as well as in industrial drug discovery, safety pharmacology and neurotechnology. The biannual conference has developed into an international venue for scientists developing and using MEAs from both industry and academia, and is recognized as an information-packed scientific forum of high quality. The meeting contributions are available as open access proceeding books.

</doc>
<doc id="20511952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511952" title="La statue">
La statue

La statue ("The Statue") is an opera in three acts and five tableaux by Ernest Reyer to the libretto by Michel Carré and Jules Barbier based on tales from "One Thousand and One Nights" and "La statue merveilleuse", an 1810 carnival play ("pièce foraine") by Alain-René Lesage and Jacques-Philippe d'Orneval.
Although in its story opera possesses a certain Oriental climate, musically it has very little resemblance to its locale, remaining in core of the French music tradition of 18th and early 19th century. It was originally conceived and performed as an opéra comique (with some spoken dialogue instead of all recitatives).
Performance history.
The opera received its premiere at the Théâtre Lyrique on 11 April 1861 and was very successful (Jules Massenet, who at that time himself participated in that performance (playing timpani in the orchestra), described it as "a superb score and tremendous success"). Until the year 1863 it received total of 59 performances, impressive figure for those times. It was then performed in Brussels at La Monnaie in 1865, at the Opéra-Comique in Paris in 1878, Monte Carlo in 1890 and finally in completely revised version the Paris Opéra in 1903 (at that time receiving only just 10 performances). Since that time it has slipped into total oblivion and has not been performed ever since.
Versions.
"La statue" is known to have two distinct versions. Both versions have three acts in common, but in the revised one the most of music from act 2 was substantially altered, the comic element being completely removed. Although even in original version optional first ballet was included, in later version it was substantially expanded (long second ballet was added in place of the cut vocal music: the "Duo bouffe" (between Kaloum and Amgiad), Margyane's "Romance" (or aria), and Selim's "Cavatina". Pages of choral music were significantly altered or cut. Only the second part of that act, starting from Margyane's Strophes and the Finale was mostly preserved. Also, in the revised version, the Mouck's couplets from the first act and the small incidental role for Ali (the second tenor) from the second act were eliminated.
Timing.
Based on approximate estimate from playback of the vocal and piano reduction scores, total timing of the piece is as follows:
Act 1 – 53 minutes
Act 2 – 57 minutes (including ballet 37 min. in the final version for the Opéra)<br>
Act 2 – 47 minutes (in the original version, without ballet)
Act 3 – 34 minutes
Place and Time.
Act 1: Damascus, Arabian desert<br>
Act 2: Mecca<br>
Act 3: Arabian desert
Time: Legendary
Synopsis.
Act 1.
A young Arab of the town of Damascus, Sélim, very rich and very voluptuous, is bored, because he exhausted with the fortune his father left him the source of any pleasure. Now, with others, he is seen engaged in opium smoking (Choir "Ô vapeur embaumée"). Overwhelmed with languor, without illusions, and soon running out of money, Sélim is not quite sure what folly to engage next, when the mighty genie Amgiad presents himself in the form of a dervish.
He tells him first everything which he must say about the dervish who, as the rule, is doomed to poverty and wisdom, and then he adds: "the powerful genie Amgiad, the protector and friend of your family, sends me to you to tell you he has pity on thy fate. If you want a little help and follow my advice, I'll get you to the center of the earth where you will find all the riches you can imagine." He exacts then a pledge on Sélim to meet him at the certain place and hour and disappears. With these promises that excite the imagination of an Arab, Sélim comes to senses and rushes in the desert in pursuit of the chimera.
Followed by his faithful slave Mouck, Sélim arrives exhausted at the ruins of the ancient city of Baalbek. There he meets a young girl beside a fountain (duet "Mais, je veux te connaître"). The girl offers him refreshing drink, and he, after quenching his thirst, feel the natural desire to see features of the young stranger who has been so compassionate. Margyane is her name. She is poor, her mother died when she was young, and now even her father is no more, so she is on the way to join her uncle in the Holy City. The caravan is waiting. She resists his advances at first, but word by word she is overwhelmed by intimate atmosphere and his boldness and her heart slowly yields to him. On request of Sélim she shows him her smile after lifting her veil a little. He declares his love to her. They kiss. But that is too much for her at the moment. Doubting him and afraid, fighting her own passion and natural desires, she withdraw and goes away leaving confused Sélim behind.
In meantime the all watchful Amgiad appears at that same place, as it is exactly the place where they arranged previously their meeting. Once again he assures pledge from Sélim that the treasury is really all what he wants but, being a witness to the conclusion of the romantic encounter, warns him of power of love. But disappointed with his not quite successful conquest and deeply unsatisfied Sélim says he is ready and determined. By the power of his magic, Amgiad opens for him the gate to the underground kingdom and Sélim jumps there promptly to fulfill his destiny. In meantime Margyane returns and, not seeing him around anymore, disappointed ("Hélas! il n'est plus là..."), joins the caravan to her far destination.
When Sélim returns, overwhelmed and dazzled, he enthusiastically reports to his servant what he just saw:
Down there, among other wonders, stand twelve statues carved in gold and diamonds and the thirteenth pedestal empty still with the statue missing but more he looked at it the more it occurred of unparalleled richness and beauty. That thirteenth statue worth not enough of whole treasure even a king would pay will be granted to him, Sélim, if he agrees to marry an innocent and poor girl whom he will then be obliged to deliver there, pure and chaste. That promise he granted to the spirits of earth, not realizing as yet awaiting him a twist.
Act 2.
In the next act we are transported into the Holy City of Mecca, to the mansion of an old rich merchant of olives, Kaloum-Barouck, where wedding ceremony is under way. Following the advice of the "dervish," Sélim did ask to marry the niece of Kaloum-Barouck. (In the original Théâtre Lyrique version it was Mouck who came here first to ask, in the name of his master, for the hand of his niece in marriage. But violent Kaloum, who planned to marry his niece himself, welcome the messenger with sticks instead. Only by intervention of Amgiad the trouble is averted, as he arrives here as Kaloum's identical double, causes his total confusion and finally throws him out of the house, and - as Kaloum - sanctions the marriage of young lovers.)
The long and elaborate ballet scene follows. When the ceremony is concluded in the presence of the Qadi (Amgiad himself in disguise), and when at last Sélim is allowed to see the face of his wife, he recognizes her at once: Alas! The girl he met in the desert, Margyane, whom he loves and who now loves him in return! At the climax of the whole scene he, deeply and mysteriously shaken to all present, recollects suddenly, to his horror, the promise he once granted to the underground guardians that he must now fulfill under the pain of eternal punishment: to surrender his new and only love as a payment for the treasure he previously so desired. He does not dare as yet to make the full admission of his horrible situation to Margyane, however, as the act ends.
Act 3.
Sélim is traveling in the desert with his servant and newly wed wife, Margyane. Among violent storm (simoom), a desperate fight undertakes in the soul of Sélim between his love for Margyane and the promise he had made to Amgiad and underground spirits. He now confesses to her, asking for forgiveness, cursing his former folly and desire for riches, now conjuring his fidelity, pledging that he is determined, by all cost, to keep her instead. In the middle of his struggle, when he convinced her of his love (their second love duet), Amgiad appears suddenly, as previously under the disguise of the dervish, coming now to claim his prey. They are left alone. But no threats, no arguments from Amgiad, no scary voices of underground spirits warning him of eternal punishment for breaking his vow are enough for Sélim to betray his love now. Seeing such determination Amgiad is almost ready to leave when Margyane, who witnessed half of their conversation and horrific voices, suddenly bars his exit, demanding that he rather should take her, that she does not desire to be an object for breaking such terrible vow, stating that she, from pure love to him, will rather willingly sacrifice herself than be the cause of his eternal punishment. Sélim draws his dagger, ready to defend her with his own life. But one sign of hand from Amgiad is enough to stop such silly move short: he then plunges Sélim in a gentle sleep taking away tearful Margyane.
Sélim wakes up soon after they left, barely remembering what happened to him. Now underground voices announce that since he fulfilled his pledge after all, and the magical thirteenth statue belongs to him. To his horror he fully recollects and, discovering Margyane gone, full of love and rage, cursing his previous folly and desire, he takes his servant and they rush to collect the promised riches, but with the wild determination to smash the statue which cost him so dearly. But at the crucial moment when he is about to strike the fatal blow of destruction, he sees rising empty pedestal and Margyane herself standing there, smiling and promptly falling into his arms. Among general jubilation, Amgiad appears in magnificent costume of the genie, the master of all jinni, and he says these words, which form the conclusion and the moral of the fable:
Il est un trésor
Plus rare que l’or
De toute la terre,
Plus pur que le jour:
C’est le doux mystère
Qu’on appelle amour.
(It is a treasure
Rarer than gold
Of all the Earth.
More pure than the day:
It's sweet mystery
Called love.)
Recordings.
Although no known commercial recording made by live orchestras of it exists, complete recordings of music of "La statue" were made and they are now available: a free recording (arrangement for piano sextet) available at IMSLP, and a commercial recording using VST in new orchestration done by Voytek Gagalka at Amazon.com. Excerpts from the latter is introduced at 
YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="20511966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511966" title="Rishon LeZion Railway Station">
Rishon LeZion Railway Station

The Rishon LeZion Railway Station may refer to one of the following railway stations:

</doc>
<doc id="20511996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20511996" title="Candela Hotel &amp; Residences">
Candela Hotel &amp; Residences

Candela Hotel & Residences was a planned tall skyscraper in Seattle, Washington. Located near the historic Pike Place Market at the intersection of 2nd Avenue and Pike Street, it was to have had 36 floors and a design with a smaller midsection than the top and the bottom. After the bursting of the United States housing bubble, the building plans for the hotel were dropped in favor of apartments. The revised project was referred to as the Second & Pike Tower and then West Edge Tower in 2012.
History.
Candela Hotels was founded in 2005 by Tom Pigott, President and CEO. The project at 2nd and Pike was announced in 2007 to include a luxury Candela Hotel and condominiums. 

</doc>
<doc id="20512019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512019" title="Paul G. Richards">
Paul G. Richards

Paul G. Richards (March, 1943—) is an English-born, American seismologist who has made fundamental contributions to the theory of seismic wave link propagation and in methods to understand how the recorded shapes of seismic waves are affected by processes of diffraction, attenuation and scattering. He is the Mellon Professor of the Natural Sciences at Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University.
He was born in England and attended Cambridge University where he earned his Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) in Mathematics in 1965 and Caltech where he earned his Masters of Science (M.S.) in Geology in 1966 and his Doctorate of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Geophysics in 1970. His thesis title was, "A contribution to the theory of high frequency elastic waves, with applications to the shadow boundary of the Earth's core." 
From 1979 to 1996, Richards was Professor of Geological Sciences, Columbia University and from 1996 to present, he is Professor of Earth and Environmental Sciences, Columbia University. Since 1997, he has been the Mellon Professor of the Natural Sciences, Columbia University. He has taken a number of academic leaves, including years in Washington working on nuclear arms control in the U.S. Department of State, and four sabbaticals taken in New Zealand, at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, Los Alamos National Laboratory, and as a Phi Beta Kappa lecturer.
He co-authored with Keiiti Aki "Quantitative Seismology: theory and methods". He is the author of more than 130 peer-reviewed publications. He has an H-index of 21. His most cited publications are Song and Richards (1996) (199 citations) and Richards and Menke (1983) (169 citations).
His professional memberships include the Seismological Society of America, Society of Exploration Geophysicists, Royal Astronomical Society, American Geophysical Union (Fellow since 1977), Arms Control Association, American Association for the Advancement of Science (Fellow since 1993), Council on Foreign Relations, International Society of Explosives Engineers, and American Academy of Arts and Sciences (Fellow). He is involved in nuclear explosion monitoring and arms control has been a member of the Seismic Review Panel (SRP) for the U.S. Air Force Tactical Applications Center (AFTAC) from 1985 to present. Richards received the Harry Fielding Reid medal of the Seismological Society of America in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20512031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512031" title="Nude Ants">
Nude Ants

Nude Ants is a live album by American pianist Keith Jarrett which was released on the ECM label in 1979. It was recorded at a live performance by Jarrett's 'European Quartet', featuring Jan Garbarek, Palle Danielsson and Jon Christensen, at the Village Vanguard in New York City in May 1979. The title of the album is a play on the phrase "New Dance," which is the title of the second-to-last song.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "The pianist very much dominates the music but Garbarek's unique floating tone on his instruments and the subtle accompaniment by Danielsson and Christensen are also noteworthy.".
The album is a persuasive illustration of Jarrett's typically refined work with European classical and folk music influences.
Track listing.
"All compositions by Keith Jarrett."

</doc>
<doc id="20512035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512035" title="Fieldtrip (album)">
Fieldtrip (album)

Fieldtrip is the third album by Quebec hard rock group GrimSkunk released in 1998. It is the last album to feature Marc "Boris" St-Maurice on bass. Shantal Arroyo appears on "¡Ya Basta!" and "La pistolera". Uncle Costa appears on "Ska-se (Shut The Fuck Up)". I Ronee from Race appears on "Looking For Gabbio". Videos were made for the songs "Looking For Gabbio" and "Gros tas d'marde".
References.
Bande à part profile
Video of Looking For Gabbio
Video of Gros tas d'marde

</doc>
<doc id="20512061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512061" title="Raaz Hai Een Khana">
Raaz Hai Een Khana

Raaz Hai Een Khana is a television soap opera running on Afghanistan's Tolo TV. It was the first Afghan television production following the fall of the Taliban regime in 2001.
The program, which is produced by Roya Saadat in Kabul, is broadcast once a week.

</doc>
<doc id="20512073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512073" title="Targi Północne">
Targi Północne

Targi Północne ("The Northern Trade Fair") was a trade fair in interbellum Poland. It was established in 1928 and held in Wilno (now Vilnius, Lithuania). The Fair was designed to attract businesses from the area of northeastern Poland, as well as Lithuania, Latvia and the Soviet Union.
Highlights.
The first annual Northern Trade Fair took place between August 18 and September 9, 1928. The main pavilion built in the beautiful city-park, along with the entire thematic layout of the exhibit with its 16 divisions, was designed by architect Jan Łuczkowski. The fair was visited by the staggering 180,000 guests in the first year. Even though, it never became as successful as similar events in Lwów (Targi Wschodnie) or in Poznań (Poznań International Fair), it was the biggest annual event locally showcasting textiles, furniture, farm animals, furs, tourist equipment, production machinery and many other commercial products. The last fair took place between August 19 and September 3, 1939, but was not finished due to joint Nazi and Soviet attack on Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20512076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512076" title="125 (dinghy)">
125 (dinghy)

The 125 is a 12.5 foot (3.83 m) two person intermediate sailing dinghy complete with main, jib, spinnaker and trapeze. The 125 class has a strong following within Australia with national titles being held every year around the country and local state associations. The class was originally designed as an intermediate class for developing skills with the jib, spinnaker and trapeze but has become popular from novice to experienced sailors.
History.
The 125 was designed in 1969 by Simon Grieg as a class that would sit between Jack Holt's Mirror and the larger Mirror 16. As with the Mirrors, the 125 can be assembled from plywood using the "stitch and glue" method, and, as far as possible, the 125 uses Mirror parts in its design. The parallels between the boats go as far as the design of the sail insignia – the 125 employs a design based on the Mirror's symbol lying on its side.
Nevertheless, initial sales were not good, and with the arrival of the Mirror 14 Grieg had decided not to continue production. However, John Coomer had built one of the few kits that had been sold, and encouraged Grieg to continue producing kits if buyers were available. A new sail plan was developed based on the Flying Junior, and Coomer developed class rules and a constitution for the 125. Yet while his 125, "Beauty Bottla", was successful in racing, there was no real demand for the class.
Things changed in 1972 when Grieg handed over the copyright for the design to Coomer to be used by any association that might be formed. Subsequently the new association was developed, the boat was marketed by the association, and as a result sail numbers increased from 6 in 1970 (with Coomer's boat) to 21 in late 1972. By 1977 over 950 sets of plans had been sold, and the first National Championships were held that year.
The class continued to develop under a strict set of rules, with various modifications being made to the specification over the years – including, in 1990, a provision for fiberglass hulls.
Popularity.
According to the national association, there are a number of attributes of the class that may contribute to its popularity. In particular, the class caters to both intermediate sailors who have graduated from the sail trainers (such as the Sabot and Optimist dinghies), providing a more extensive sail plan and a trapeze on a relatively stable and forgiving hull, while also being suitable to both adult/child and adult/adult combinations. Furthermore, the 125 is a relatively low cost boat, making it suitable to sailing on a budget – especially if an older, wooden, hull is purchased. The boat can be sailed in all Australian states, and sailors can compete at both state and national levels of competition.
The popularity of the class to sailors of varying ages and skill levels can be problematic, as it leaves race organisers with difficulties trying to have all sailors finish within a reasonable time. As of 2009 there are fleets of 125's in Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia and Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20512092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512092" title="Brad Steinke">
Brad Steinke

Brad Steinke is an award winning American sportscaster based in Arizona, United States. 
Steinke has been broadcasting professionally since 1985 and his career stops include Tucson, Arizona, Salt Lake City, Utah, Phoenix, Arizona, Miami, Florida, and Atlanta, Georgia. He has been honored with nine Emmy awards and a National Iris Award for work ranging from investigative journalism to documentaries to on-air talent. He currently is the lead anchor for Fox Sports Arizona broadcasting postgame shows for the Phoenix Suns, the Arizona Diamondbacks as well as college football and basketball.
Early in his career he was a freelance reporter for ESPN and CNN filing several reports during his stay at KGUN-TV in Tucson.
Steinke earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Communications and Marketing while playing four years of college basketball at Southern Utah University. He also played for the Utah Jazz entry in the inaugural Rocky Mountain Revue summer league. An avid runner, he has completed several marathons including the 1991 New York Marathon, 2005 London Marathon and the 2011 PF Chang's Rock and Roll Marathon.
Active in many charities, he is currently a Board Member of the Boys and Girls Clubs of Metropolitan Phoenix as well as the Phoenix 40.

</doc>
<doc id="20512115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512115" title="Touchdown (Game song)">
Touchdown (Game song)

"Touchdown" is a song by the West Coast rapper The Game from his third album "LAX". The song features the R&B singer Raheem DeVaughn.
Composition.
The song contains a samples of "Right on for the Darkness" by the R&B/funk/soul singer Curtis Mayfield from his 1973 album "Back to the World". The song contains a heavy bass line.
Critical reception.
The song gathered generally positive reviews from critics. Allmusic writer David Jeffries complimented The Game on his lyrics stating that "when the rapper refers to his woman as "beautiful as an Eli Manning pass," it's just one of the reasons the feel-good "Touchdown" is a highlight."
Chart performance.
"Touchdown" debuted at #57 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart based on digital sales alone, even though it was never released as an official single.

</doc>
<doc id="20512128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512128" title="Noh Soo-Jin">
Noh Soo-Jin

Noh Soo-Jin (, born on February 10, 1962) is a former South Korea football player.
He was a part of the South Korea national football team who of the FIFA World Cup in 1986, 1990. Also He was a member of 1988 Summer Olympics and 1988 AFC Asian Cup. 
At the club side, he won the K-League 1989 with Yukong Elephants.
He is currently manager of Yeongdeungpo Technical High School FC.
Honours.
National team
Club
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="20512131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512131" title="British Bull Dog revolver">
British Bull Dog revolver

The British Bull Dog was a popular type of solid-frame pocket revolver introduced by Philip Webley & Son of Birmingham, England in 1872 and subsequently copied by gunmakers in Continental Europe and the United States. It featured a barrel and was chambered for five .44 Short Rimfire, .442 Webley, or .450 Adams cartridges. Webley produced smaller scaled .320 Revolver and .380 calibre versions later, but did not mark them with the British Bull Dog name.
Designed to be carried in a coat pocket, many have survived to the present day in good condition, having seen little actual use.
Numerous copies of this design were made in Belgium, Spain, France and the USA during the late 19th century. American copies were manufactured by the firms of Forehand & Wadsworth, Iver Johnson and Harrington & Richardson. Belgian and American versions were also produced in smaller calibres, but all large calibre American copies were chambered for the .44 Webley (.442 British) cartridge.
Garfield assassination.
A .44 calibre Belgian-made British Bulldog revolver was used to assassinate US President James Garfield on 2 July 1881 by disgruntled lawyer Charles Guiteau, who was angry that Garfield had not appointed him to a Federal post. Guiteau reportedly wanted to purchase a British Bulldog revolver with ivory grips instead of wooden ones, as he believed they would look nicer when the gun was displayed in a museum, but decided not to spend the extra $US1 that the ivory-gripped model would have cost. In all, he paid US$10 for the revolver, a box of cartridges and a penknife, before spending the next day familiarising himself with the revolver's operation and firing 10 practice shots with it into trees along the banks of the Potomac River. He eventually used the revolver to shoot Garfield a week or so later in the Sixth Street Railway Station in Washington, D.C. After Guiteau's trial, the revolver was placed in the Smithsonian Institution but some time later the revolver disappeared.
The large calibre British Bulldogs are now considered collector's pieces. Bullets for the pistols are no longer commercially manufactured.

</doc>
<doc id="20512142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512142" title="If This Isn't Love (Jennifer Hudson song)">
If This Isn't Love (Jennifer Hudson song)

"If This Isn't Love" is a song recorded by American recording artist Jennifer Hudson. It was written and composed by Planet VI, brothers Theron and Timothy Thomas, along with Brian Kennedy for her eponymous debut album, released in 2008. Production on the song was handled by the latter and Harvey Mason, Jr.. Musically, it is a midtempo contemporary R&B ballad with pop elements, built along on a piano and electric guitar sounds. 
The song was released as the second single from the album following "Spotlight" in 2009. Upon release, "If This Isn't Love" was met with generally positive reviews from contemporary critics who praised the song's structure and its modern interpretation of standard adult contemporary sounds. On the charts, the track failed to make much impact, though it reached number five of the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and the top forty of the UK Singles Chart. Hudson promoted the song on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" on March 26, 2009 and on "American Idol" on Wednesday’s results show on April 15, 2009.
Critical reception.
Andy Kellman from Allmusic stated that "Hudson's voice is smoothed out through the fluttery "If This Isn't Love" (not to mention spiked with grating male grunts of "Hey!"), nearly unrecognizable until the point where she belts." Slant Magazine said that " 'If This Isn't Love' succeeds at sounding completely modern without eschewing the standard adult-contemporary song structure that's tailor-made for pipes like Hudson's."
David Balls from "Digital Spy" felt that "If This Isn't Love" was a "delicate love song that finds Hudson in her natural comfort zone. 'God sent me an angel from above, that's going to love me for life,' she sings soulfully, with recent events making the lyrics particularly resonant. Combining modish beats with a cool, breezy chorus, 'If This Isn't Love' may not be in the same league as recent power ballads from Beyoncé and Leona, but it has an understated charm that's hard to quibble with." Commenting on its remix, produced by Fraser T. Smith, he added: "The single comes with no fewer than six different remixes, but the straightforwardly-titled Fraser T Smith Remix wins 'B-side Of The Week' as it adds a bit of extra zest to the song without removing any of its understated charm. Smith has carefully tinkered with the track's foundations, injecting some R&B adrenaline and a bit more of a beat. Thankfully, he's also chopped out the male screeching from the start of the original, which seemed bizarrely inappropriate in the first place."
Chart performance.
"If This Isn't Love" entered the UK Singles Chart at number 195 on February 22, 2009 and reached a peak of number 37 on downloads alone. It marked Hudson's second consecutive top 40 hit on the chart. Due to a high peak of number three on the UK Airplay Chart, the song also charted at number twenty on Hit40UK. The song spent eleven weeks on the UK Singles Chart.
In the United States, the song debuted and peaked at number 84 on the "Billboard"'s Hot 100. Several weeks later, it reached a new peak at number 63, boosted by Hudson's performance on the April 15, 2009 results show of "American Idol". On the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, the song became Hudson's second consecutive top five hit, peaking at number five. Hudson made history with "If This Isn't Love" when it earned its second consecutive week at number one on the Urban Adult Radio Charts. Thus, Hudson joined a group of only five other women in urban adult history to reach this accomplishment.
Music video.
Hudson shot a music video for the track in Los Angeles, California on January 26, 2009 with director Diane Martel. The video premiered February 11, 2009 on AOL, Entertainment Tonight, and 106 & Park.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Jennifer Hudson".

</doc>
<doc id="20512160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512160" title="GrimSkunk Plays... Fatal Illness">
GrimSkunk Plays... Fatal Illness

GrimSkunk Plays... Fatal Illness is a compilation album of rerecorded songs by the Quebec hard rock group, GrimSkunk, from their early days when known as Fatal Illness. It was released in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20512162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512162" title="Personal Mountains">
Personal Mountains

Personal Mountains is a live album by American pianist Keith Jarrett which was released on the ECM label in 1989. It was recorded at a live performance by Jarrett's 'European Quartet', featuring Jan Garbarek, Palle Danielsson and Jon Christensen, in Tokyo in April 1979.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 4 stars stating "Clearly this is one of the peaks of the European quartet's discography.".

</doc>
<doc id="20512178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512178" title="Koji Sone">
Koji Sone

He was born in the city Chichibu, Saitama and started judo in his childhood. His father was a 6th Dan in judo and his uncle a 9th Dan. Sone is a university-trained judoka from Meiji University. After that he belonged to Fuji Iron & Steel.
As fifth dan, measuring 5 feet and 10 1/2 inches in height and weighing 215 pounds, he received a gold medal at the 1958 World Judo Championships in Tokyo against teammate and 4th dan Akio Kaminaga. Sone was surprisingly eliminated in the second round of the 1960 All-Japan Judo Championships, a contemporary report by the martial artist Donn F. Draeger calling his performance there a "pitiful sight" and mentioning that he was aging. Sone won a silver medal at the 1961 World Judo Championships in Paris, behind Anton Geesink. His loss against Geesink, 5th dan, was heralded as the end of the era in which the best Japanese judokas could not be defeated by foreigners. Within nine minutes of the 20-minute contest, a foot sweep forced Sone onto the ground where he was held for the necessary 30 seconds with a Mune-gatame. Despite that, many believed that Sone was the technically better judoka. At the age of 33 Sone was relatively old for a judoka. It would be the last World Championship without a division into weight classes. After the loss against Geesink, Sone became coach of the Japanese judo team. Sone was accused by Geesink's teammates in the 1965 World Judo Championships of having Seiji Sakaguchi lose against the more rested Matsunaga to have Matsunaga take on the weary Geesink in the final round. Matsunaga still lost, Geesink winning the heavy-weight title by decision. But the Japanese team hoped to beat him with Isao Inokuma in the all-weight class the next day. Before the match, however, Geesink quit. The jubilant Japanese team carried Sone on their shoulders and paraded him around the gym.
In 1977 he achieved the rank of 8th Dan. In 1981 he died of cerebral hemorrhage in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="20512200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512200" title="Akasha Gloria Hull">
Akasha Gloria Hull

Akasha Gloria Hull (born December 6, 1944) is a poet, educator, writer, and critic whose work in African-American literature and as a Black feminist activist has helped shape Women’s Studies. As one of the architects of Black Women's Studies, her scholarship and activism has increased the prestige, legitimacy, respect, and popularity of feminism and African-American studies. 
Dr. Hull has been a professor of women's studies and literature at the University of California, Santa Cruz, the University of Delaware, and the University of the West Indies, Mona, in Kingston, Jamaica. She has published four books, a monograph, three edited collections, over twenty articles in peer-reviewed professional journals, numerous chapters in a dozen volumes, fifteen book reviews, poems in more than thirty magazines and anthologies, and two short stories. Her first novel, "Neicy", is due for release in late 2012. She lives in Little Rock, Arkansas (USA).
Biography.
Hull was born Gloria Theresa Thompson in Shreveport, Louisiana (USA), on December 6, 1944. Her father was a carpenter and laborer, her mother a maid and cook. She graduated valedictorian from Booker T. Washington High School in Shreveport and "summa cum laude" from Southern University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. During these years, she was a valuable member (as a pianist and member of the choir) at Shreveport's Zion Baptist Church. She was also secretary for the local chapter of the NAACP and a member of the Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority. 
After graduating from high school, Hull matriculated at Purdue University, where she earned her Master's and Ph.D. degrees in English Literature. She married on June 12, 1966; she and her husband, Prentice Roy Hull, also a graduate student, had their only child, Adrian Prentice Hull, at this time. They divorced in 1984. Subsequently, she married again (divorced in 1991) and entered into a California domestic partnership (dissolved in 2006).
Black women's studies, feminism, and African-American studies.
Hull was a member of the Combahee River Collective, a Black feminist group active in Boston in the late 1970s. Membership in the collective catalyzed her focus as a scholar, activist, and critic. 
It was during this period that she co-edited the book "All the Women Are White, All the Blacks Are Men, But Some of Us Are Brave: Black Women’s Studies" with Patricia Bell-Scott and Barbara Smith. Printed in numerous editions, it is a classic in Feminist Studies, Black Studies, and Black Women's Studies. Her landmark scholarship directed attention to the lives of Black women and, combined with the numerous articles she wrote thereafter, helped remedy the emphasis within Feminist Studies on white women and within Black studies on Black men. The National Institute conferred on Hull its Women of Color Award for this accomplishment.
In 1986 Hull published "Give Us Each Day: The Diary of Alice Dunbar-Nelson", only the second published diary by an African-American woman in the US. The "New York Times" gave it an enthusiastic review. "Give Us Each Day" revealed the life and times of Alice Dunbar-Nelson, a fascinating poet-journalist who until then had been eclipsed by her more famous husband, the renowned dialect poet and writer Paul Laurence Dunbar. Hull's book "Color, Sex, and Poetry: Three Women Writers of the Harlem Renaissance" continued to highlight the rich contributions of women to that pivotal era. Its painstaking archival research revealed for the first time unsuspected homoerotic connections among the women and lesbian themes in their writings.
Poetry, nonfiction, and fictional works.
Akasha Hull’s poetry was first published in "Women: A Journal of Liberation" in the 1970s. Since then her poems have been featured in such collections as "Flatfooted Truths", "Life Prayers", "Sisterfire", "In Search of Color Everywhere", "Daughters of Africa", "Erotique Noire", "Callaloo", and "Shout Out: Women of Color Respond to Violence". 
Ntozake Shange called Hull's book "Healing Heart: Poems" (published by ) “the voice of a free, fiercesome, sensual and vivid woman of color," while the esteemed critic Stephen E. Henderson applauded it as “a total delight." 
In her book "Soul Talk: The New Spirituality of African-American Women", Hull examines the burgeoning of metaphysical and “New Age” modalities after 1980, and states that politics, spirituality, and creativity are being united into a revolutionary new paradigm. Nobel Prize Laureate Toni Morrison and literary activist E. Ethelbert Miller endorsed it, while "Publishers Weekly" praised it as "powerful, practical and nourishing gumbo ... of the heart and spirit." 
In 2006 Hull moved to Little Rock, Arkansas, and devoted herself to writing fiction. She was a semifinalist (top 20 of 300) in the Ursula K. Le Guin Imaginative Fiction Contest of "Rosebud Magazine" for “'Touch Me,' They Said, They Wanted.” Her short story "Plum Jelly in Hot Shiny Jars" appeared in the 2003 Beacon Press anthology "Age Ain't Nothing but a Number: Black Women Explore Midlife". In 2012 she completed her first novel. Her novel is, Hull says, the story "of a Black actress going through a lot of love, sex, sexuality, personal enlightenment -- it's not autobiographical, but it's all me."
Public appearances, activism, and awards.
Hull has been the keynote speaker at numerous university and community conferences throughout the United States; given lectures and readings at numerous bookstores and other venues; been interviewed on National Public Radio about the poets of the Harlem Renaissance; participated in grassroots and professional feminist organizing; and presented workshops on multiculturalism, spirituality, creativity, and self-empowerment. 
These appearances include Michigan’s Everywoman’s Festival, the American Library Association, the New York Open Center, the Center for the Book of the Library of Congress, a 30th Class Reunion speech, as well as conversations with notable authors Toni Cade Bambara, Gwendolyn Brooks, Maya Angelou, Alice Walker, and Octavia Butler. She has received prestigious fellowships from the National Endowment for the Humanities, the Fulbright, Rockefeller, Mellon and Ford Foundations, the American Association of University Women, and the National Humanities Center. In 1992, Purdue University awarded her an Honorary Doctor of Letters "for pioneering work in the field of black feminist studies that has empowered others to hear and appreciate diverse voices."
Spirituality and name change.
Over the course of her life, Hull has studied and/or practiced Southern Baptist Christianity, Rastafari, Santeria, metaphysics, meditation, the Alice Bailey teachings, and Buddhism. She has traveled in Brazil, Mexico, Canada, Japan, the Caribbean, England, Ghana, Hawaii, and Costa Rica. These experiences helped shape her research, poetry, and nonfiction and fiction writings. 
In 1992 Hull legally changed her name from Gloria Theresa Thompson to Akasha Hull. Her chosen first name is a Sanskrit word that means “light/luminous."

</doc>
<doc id="20512215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512215" title="Oranj Symphonette">
Oranj Symphonette

The Oranj Symphonette is an experimental jazz-rock quintet from San Francisco, USA, formed from members of Tom Waits' band. They have released two albums.
Formation.
The band was formed by musicians who played for Tom Waits. They recorded two albums, the first cover versions of Henry Mancini.
Led by cellist/bassist Matt Brubeck (son of Dave Brubeck), the group includes Joe Gore and multi-instrumentalist Ralph Carney. Individually these three have played with PJ Harvey, the B-52's, Marc Ribot, and others. They met while recording Waits' score for the Jim Jarmusch film "Night On Earth". In 1993, they began on their Mancini cover album. Joined by Scott Amendola, they debuted at San Francisco's Radio Valencia in 1994. In 1996, they added Hammond organ/accordion player Rob Burger.
Debut album.
Their Gramavision/Rykodisc debut, "Oranj Symphonette Plays Mancini", reinterprets the work of one of Hollywood's most memorable composers, Henry Mancini.

</doc>
<doc id="20512223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512223" title="Ocean reanalysis">
Ocean reanalysis

Ocean reanalysis is a method of combining historical ocean observations with a general ocean model (typically a computational model) driven by historical estimates of surface winds, heat, and freshwater, by way of a data assimilation algorithm to reconstruct historical changes in the state of the ocean. 
Historical observations are sparse and insufficient for understanding the history of the ocean and its circulation. By utilizing data assimilation techniques in combination with advanced computational models of the global ocean, researchers are able to interpolate the historical observations to all points in the ocean. This process has an analog in the construction of atmospheric reanalysis and is closely related to ocean state estimation.
Current projects.
A number of efforts have been initiated in recent years to apply data assimilation to estimate the physical state of the ocean, including temperature, salinity, currents, and sea level, in recent years. There are three alternative state estimation approaches. The first approach is used by the ‘no-model’ analyses, for which temperature or salinity observations update a first guess provided by climatological monthly estimates. 
The second approach is that of the sequential data assimilation analyses, which move forward in time from a previous analysis using a numerical simulation of the evolving temperature and other variables produced by an ocean general circulation model. The simulation provides the first guess of the state of the ocean at the next analysis time, while corrections are made to this first guess based on observations of variables such as temperature, salinity, or sea level. 
The third approach is 4D-Var, which in the implementation described uses the initial conditions and surface forcing as control variables to be modified in order to be consistent with the observations as well as a numerical representation of the equations of motion through iterative solution of a giant optimization problem.
Methodologies.
No-model approach.
ISHII and LEVITUS begin with a first guess of the climatological monthly upper-ocean temperature based on climatologies produced by the NOAA National Oceanographic Data Center. The innovations are mapped onto the analysis levels. ISHII uses and alternative 3DVAR approach to do an objective mapping with a smaller decorrelation scale in midlatitudes (300 km) that elongates in the zonal direction by a factor of 3 at equatorial latitudes. LEVITUS begins similarly to ISHII, but uses the technique of Cressman and Barnes with a homogeneous scale of 555 km to objectively map the temperature innovation onto a uniform grid.
Sequential approaches.
The sequential approaches can be further divided into those using Optimal Interpolation and its more sophisticated cousin the Kalman Filter, and those using 3D-Var. Among those mentioned above, INGV and SODA use versions of Optimal Interpolation. CERFACS, GODAS, and GFDL all use 3DVar. "To date we are unaware of any attempt to use Kalman Filter for multi-decadal ocean reanalyses." The 4-Dimensional Local Ensemble Transform Kalman Filter (4D-LETKF) has been applied to the Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory's (GFDL) Modular Ocean Model (MOM2) for a 7-year ocean reanalysis from January 1997-2004. 
Variational (4D-Var) approach.
One innovative attempt by GECCO has been made to apply 4D-Var to the decadal ocean estimation problem. This approach faces daunting computational challenges, but provides some interesting benefits including satisfying some conservation laws and the construction of the ocean model adjoint.

</doc>
<doc id="20512231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512231" title="Ataxocerithium huttoni">
Ataxocerithium huttoni

Ataxocerithium huttoni is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20512243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512243" title="Deutscher Sportclub für Fußballstatistiken">
Deutscher Sportclub für Fußballstatistiken

The Deutscher Sportclub für Fußballstatistiken e.V., (English: "German sports club for football statistics") short DSFS is an association dedicated to collecting and publishing German football statistics, similar to the RSSSF, and is a member of the German Olympic Society. 
The club used to be best known for its annual publication, the "Deutschlands Fussball in Zahlen", a yearbook on German football. Unlike other yearbooks, it does not so much focus on professional football, but rather covers the higher amateur leagues.
History.
The DSFS was formed on 1 July 1971 but was only registered in 1979. It was formed by six football enthusiasts after Helmut Druwen posted an add in the "kicker" sport magazine looking for people interested in football statistics. Having grown to a membership of 50, another add in the "kicker" in 1978 pushed the membership drive ahead and in 1979 the club finally became properly registered, joining the German Olympic Society as well.
From 1980, the club started publishing brochures and a club magazine. But after 1983, the "DSFS" went into decline for the first time, recovering only in 1986 from several years of inactivity.
With the re-establishment of the "Regionalliga" in German football in 1994, a reform of the clubs annual publication was started. Year by year until 2004 the contents was expanded until covering all divisions of German football on the top five levels including the top youth and women's leagues. Consequently the name ofthis annual publication was changed to "Deutschlands Fussball in Zahlen" (English: "Germanys football by numbers").
In 1998, it was declared "Gemeinnützig", similar to a Non-profit organization, which entitles German clubs to certain tax benefits. In 2004, the number of members was at its peak with almost 430 members. Since then the club lost several of them and now has approximately 254 members (2011 census).
As of September 2006, the clubs president is Dirk Henning.

</doc>
<doc id="20512269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512269" title="EP 2000">
EP 2000

Ep 2000 is the second EP by Quebec hard rock group GrimSkunk released in 2000. Tracks 1 and 4 would later appear on the album "Seventh Wave".
References.
Bande à part profile

</doc>
<doc id="20512283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512283" title="Royal Little">
Royal Little

Royal Little (born March 1, 1896 in Wakefield, Massachusetts, died January 10, 1989, Nassau, Bahamas), was the founder and chair of Textron, and is considered to be the Father of Conglomerates.
Little graduated from Noble & Greenough School in 1915 and from Harvard University in 1919, despite having been on academic probation. He soon began working for various textile firms, before founding Special Yarns Corporation in 1923 on $10,000 in borrowed money, whose name he changed to Textron in 1944. Little spent much of his time acquiring other textile firms, and was successful in his efforts. By 1947, the company reported sales of $125 million. 
By the 1950s, realizing that the textile industry was not consistently viable, Little began to acquire firms in other industries, beginning the modern conglomerate. Throughout the decade, Textron acquired assets in pneumatic tools, antennas, plastics, plywood, aluminum, helicopters, chain saws, and leather, among others.
Little retired in 1960, at which time Textron was one of the top 100 companies in the country. Other corporations, in following Textron's model, attempted to diversify their holdings in industry. In his retirement, he wrote "How to Lose $100,000,000 and Other Valuable Advice" in 1979.
Little died at his home in the Bahamas in 1989. At his request, there was no funeral.
Royal Little was the nephew of Arthur Dehon Little, the founder of Boston's Arthur D. Little management consulting firm.

</doc>
<doc id="20512285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512285" title="Kyle Jenkins">
Kyle Jenkins

Kyle Abbott is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless". Born onscreen on January 8, 2001, the character is the son of businessman Jack Abbott (Peter Bergman) and Diane Jenkins (Maura West). For the character's first three-year run, he was portrayed by a series of infant toddler actors. In 2010, the character returned, portrayed as slightly older by child actor Garrett Ryan. After two years, he was rapidly aged to an adult, with Blake Hood stepping into the role in April 2012. Upon his return, Kyle began dating Eden Baldwin (Jessica Heap).
In March 2013, after a year in the role, Hood was let go and announced to be replaced by Hartley Sawyer. The soap opera had initially issued a casting call for a character named Connor Boyd, and due to his characteristics resembling that of Kyle, his casting was kept quiet. Hood stated that his ouster came as a shock to him. Sawyer made his debut on April 24, 2013. The character's six-year absence was criticized, and his age upon his 2010 return received unfavorable reviews. Hood was positively received in the role, and the decision to release him and replace him with Sawyer has also been criticized.
Casting.
The role was originally portrayed by two sets of twins, Connor and Garret Sullivan and Marissa and Madison Poer from 2001 to 2002, and twins Cooper and Oliver Guynes in 2002. Seth Stern portrayed the role in 2004. Following the character's return after a 6-year absence, the role was assumed by Garrett Ryan on February 25, 2010. He initially departed after two episodes, though returned as a recurring cast member eight months later on October 12, 2010. When asked at the 38th Daytime Emmy Awards if he was remaining with the series, Ryan replied: "Um, yes. I'm definitely sticking around on the show. I've been on a lot lately..." Ryan was last seen as Kyle on January 5, 2012. 
In March 2012, the character was rapidly aged, with Blake Hood cast to portray Kyle as an adult. He was previously known for his role of Mark Driscott on The CW's "90210". Hood debuted on April 27, 2012. Hood was surprised at how fast the process of soap operas where, and also credited Peter Bergman (who plays his on-screen father, Jack) as being very "gracious" and kind to him, lending experience. In March 2013, after a year in the role, Hood was let go and replaced with Hartley Sawyer. The soap opera had issued a casting call for a character named "Connor Boyd" in January, and due to the character sounding very much like Kyle, Sawyer's casting was kept quiet. Casting directors used a scene previously been performed by Noah Newman to recast the character. Hood stated his ouster and replacement came as a shock to him. Sawyer made his onscreen debut on April 24, 2013.
In December, it was announced that Sawyer had been let go from the role eight months after his debut. He made his last appearance on January 27, 2014.
Character development.
Ryan described has being a "little brat" but noted that it was "fun to play". Following Kyle being rapidly aged and returning to town, Hood stated that his new agenda was to "be close to his dad and move on with his life". However, Hood talked about how Kyle's goal to "live a happy full life" may not happen because he just happened to have "stepped into this situation where the woman who killed his mother is still here." Kyle was "less than pleased" that his father Jack was re-developing a relationship with his ex-wife Nikki, who killed his mother in self-defense. Hood further said: "What’s great is that come back and [is so much older now. It really feels like I can do whatever I want with the character ... hasn’t seen these people in 15 years or so."
Storylines.
2001–04.
Kyle was born under the name Christian Victor Newman on January 8, 2001. His mother Diane learned that her ex-husband, Victor Newman, had his sperm frozen, and when she obtained it she had herself artificially inseminated to carry Victor's child, and she later gave birth and told him he was the father. In reality, Diane's nemesis Nikki Newman had switched the sperm sample, and she was shocked to discover it was that of Jack. Soon after, she renamed the baby Kyle. Jack sued for sole custody of Kyle but lost, but once Diane burned down the Abbott poolhouse and tried to frame Jack's wife Phyllis Summers for it, he and Phyllis obtained custody of Kyle. However, Jack eventually gave Kyle back to Diane, and they moved to Chicago.
2010–.
Six years later, as an arranged surprise for Jack from his new wife, Emily Peterson (Stacy Haiduk), Kyle, along with Diane, made a brief return to Genoa City to visit with Jack while Jack and Kyle became acquainted. Diane returned to town with Kyle again eight months later. Kyle resided in Genoa City, while both of his parents were being investigated by the SEC for plotting against Victor and making money off his stocks after making the world believe that he died. His mother sent him to boarding school in Switzerland without informing Jack because she was planning on faking her own murder and then joining her son. She also pleaded with Victor to sign the custody papers for Kyle if anything were to ever happen to her. It was unknown whether Diane was just following Adam Newman's (Michael Muhney) orders in her faked murder plot, or if she really did want Victor to have custody of Kyle over Jack. Then, Jack found out that Diane sent Kyle away the night that she was actually murdered. After Diane's death, Jack tracked Kyle down under his alias, Timothy Bilton, and went to Switzerland to bring his son home. Jack then had to tell Kyle that his mother was killed. 
While his father was under investigation, Kyle stole Jack's Harvard class ring that the police were looking for as evidence. He reasoned that he already had his mother taken away from him, and he wanted to keep his dad. Later, Victor showed Jack the custody papers that Diane made him sign, and Jack was infuriated at Victor and his deceased ex-wife for trying to take his son away from him. Jack vowed to fight to keep Kyle with his biological family. Kyle and Jack revealed to everyone that Kyle would be moving to New York to attend a hockey boarding school, and he left two weeks later. Kyle returns a grown adult for his new cousin's christening in April 2012. Upon seeing Nikki, the woman who killed Diane, and Jack together, he expresses his anger and distaste towards their relationship, claiming that they were bashing his mother's memory by being together. Afterward, Kyle went to Victor to ask if he could move in with him as Victor always said he was "welcome," and takes a job at Newman Enterprises. He then began dating Eden Baldwin (Jessica Heap), and made friends with many pillars of the town. 
When Victor suddenly went missing and his wife Sharon Newman (Sharon Case) took over the ranch, Kyle eventually moved out after he could no longer deal with her. As a result of him insulting her, Sharon stole Kyle's driver's license as part of her kleptomania. Afterward, Jack told Kyle he was welcome to move back to the Abbott mansion, which he did. While working at Newman Enterprises, Kyle takes a liking to Phyllis and enlist her help in keeping an eye on Jack. When Kyle realizes that his father has been abusing his pain medications, he leaks the story to the press in an attempt to get Jack to realize he needs help. When Jack resigns as CEO of Newman Enterprises, he offers Kyle a job at Jabot Cosmetics, where he attracts the attention of young model Summer Newman (Hunter King). While initially dismissing her as too young, he later takes a liking to her and they begin a relationship. Summer's parents, Phyllis and Nicholas Newman (Joshua Morrow), secretly know that Summer is actually Jack's daughter, and Kyle is dating his half-sister. In an attempt to lure Kyle away from Summer, Phyllis kisses him and he ends their relationship. They briefly reunite before the truth about Summer's paternity is revealed, bringing their relationship to a permanent end.
Reception.
In 2009, Jamey Giddens of Zap2it wrote that Zack Conroy would fit well as a teenaged version of the character, saying he "would kill to see Conroy create the role of a teenage Kyle Abbott on "The Young and the Restless"". He also criticized Kyle's absence over the years and predicted his return to the soap opera, writing: "Imagine Kyle Abbott arriving in Genoa City with a massive chip on his shoulder. Maybe he could seduce that annoying Eden away from Noah, or get involved in a steamy affair with a woman twice his age, like Lauren Fenmore (the woefully-underutilized Tracey Bregman)?" Jillian Bowe (also of Zap2it) criticized Ryan's introduction and the character's return in 2010, writing: "Sound the alarm and blow the trumpets. After years of begging and pleading with the regime over at "The Young and the Restless" to bring back Jack Abbott's (Peter Bergman) sons, one of them finally appears—sort of. Since Diane (now played by 30-something Maura West) returned, "Y&R" has all but beat fans over the head in reminding us of how Kyle was conceived, all the while neglecting to explain why Abby—who was conceived at the very same time as her cousin—is now decades older than him. What gives? De-SORASing the long-anticipated character of Kyle Abbott is a huge no-no and gigantic re-write of history. Good, bad or sticky, "Y&R" fans will always remember that two babies came from Kay Alden's wacky, sperm caper. My vote is "Y&R" needs to age Kyle appropriately before fans decide to flush this story (if not Jack and Victor's swimmers) down the drain." Tommy Garrett of the website Highlight Hollywood wrote that Hood's performance was "sensational" and found him "very handsome"; though was unfavorable of his successor, Sawyer, writing: "Hartley Sawyer, who with all due respect, is not attractive and actually very boring in the role." "Soap Opera Digest" described the decision to "dump the charming Blake Hood" and recast the character with Sawyer as "puzzling".

</doc>
<doc id="20512288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512288" title="Jarmo (game)">
Jarmo (game)

Jarmo is a two-player abstract strategy board game. According to Tartarian and Polish legend, Batu Khan, the grandson of Genghis Khan, carried this game (or a variant of it) around during his military campaigns. Supposedly, he would play at least one game before a battle in order to prepare himself. In this game, a player attempts to place as many of their pieces onto the other player's first row. At the same time, the player tries to capture as many of the other player's pieces on the way. 
A Jarmo variant called Jasir is played in parts of Poland, and in some eastern European countries. In fact, several variants of Jarmo and Jasir exist, but they are all fundamentally similar. Jasir means "archer" in Tartar, and the pieces used in the game are called archers. The games are sometimes collectively referred to as Halma. However, Jarmo and Jasir are not related to the Halma family of games which include Halma, Chinese Checkers, Conspirateurs, and Salta.
An interesting aspect of Jarmo and Jasir is that the board is asymmetric. Each player has a different view of the game from their side of the board. The lines connecting the holes are not the same for each side of the board. To make the game more fair, it is suggested that players play two games and switch sides in between. As a note, most board games have a symmetric board. 
The following rules are described for Jarmo only. Please see the article for Jasir for its rules.
Goal.
The player with the most points wins. Two points are awarded for every archer that makes it to the other player's first row. One point is awarded for every archer remaining on the rest of the board. If both player's have the same amount of points, then the game is a draw. 
Equipment.
Jarmo's board is a 5x5 hole board with several lines connecting each of the holes. Please refer to the diagram in the external links. Each player has five pieces called "archers". One player plays the black archers, and the other player plays the white archers.
Game Play and Rules.
1. The players first decide who will play the black archers, and who will play the white archers. They also decide who will start first.
2. The players then place their five archers on the row nearest them which is also called the first row (or first rank).
3. An archer may move along a marked line onto a hole. If the hole is occupied by an enemy archer, the enemy archer is removed from the board (the enemy archer may be played back into the game at a later time under certain circumstances - please refer to rule 7). The player's archer is then marked with a white or black line. If that same archer captures another enemy archer no additional markings are added. Captures are not compulsory.
4. No more than one archer can occupy any one hole at a time. Only one archer may be moved on a player's turn. Players alternate their turns in this game.
5. Unlike Jasir, the archers in Jarmo can move forward, backward, laterally on any marked line. In Jasir, archers cannot move backwards.
6. Archers that make it to the other player's first row can no longer move backward to re-enter the rest of the board behind them. They must stay there for the remainder of the game unless they are captured by an enemy archer that moves backwards onto it. 
7. As mentioned earlier, a marked archer is one that has captured at least one enemy archer. When a marked archer reaches the enemy's first row, they allow for the player to "take back one of their captured pieces" from the enemy player, and place it on any available hole on the player's first row. If no holes are available on that turn, then the player must wait to place it on their next opportunity. 
8. The game ends, when any one player has brought all of their remaining archers on the board onto the enemy player's first row. The first player do so will count two points for every archer on the enemy player's first row. The other player also counts two points for every archer on the enemy player's first row, but only one point for every archer remaining on the rest of the board. The player with the most points wins. 
9. Due to the asymmetry of the board game, it is suggested that a second game be played with players switching sides. Points are then added together from the two games, and the winner is the player with the most points. 
10. In order to avoid some unnecessary draws, a player cannot move an archer back and forth between two holes in four consecutive turns. 
Related Games.
Jasir

</doc>
<doc id="20512292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512292" title="Shelby Chong">
Shelby Chong

Shelby Chong, née Fiddis, (born February 1, 1948), is a comedian, American motion picture producer and actress. She was the executive producer of 2003's "Best Buds" (2003). She was the associate producer of four Cheech and Chong films. 
Early life and education.
Shelby Fiddis was born in Los Angeles, California in 1948. She attended public schools in the metropolitan region. Interested in acting and comedy, she started performing in local clubs as a stand-up comedian. 
Marriage and family.
In 1975 in Los Angeles, Fiddis married Canadian actor and comedian Tommy Chong, becoming his second wife. They adopted Marcus Wyatt (b. 1967) in 1978. They have three children together: Paris (b. 1974), Gilbran (b. 1981), and Precious Chong. (Tommy Chong also has two daughters from his first marriage.) 
Marcus took the surname of his adoptive parents and siblings when he turned eighteen. He and three of his sisters have each pursued acting careers, and his two brothers have acted in occasional family movie productions.
Return to acting.
Shelby Chong acted in "Cheech & Chong’s Next Movie" (1980), "Nice Dreams" (1981) and "Things Are Tough All Over]]" (1982). She was associate producer for "Still Smokin"' (1983), and "Cheech & Chong's The Corsican Brothers" (1984). Her notable acting roles include "Nancy Reynolds" in "Sandman" (1993).
Shelby Chong performed as Tommy's opening act at his comedy shows from 1996–2000, when she became his comedy partner. Since Cheech and Chong's reunion in 2008, Shelby performed as their opening act at sold-out comedy shows on their cross-country tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20512311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512311" title="Deep Treble">
Deep Treble

Deep Treble is the premier co-ed a cappella group at Rutgers University in New Brunswick. The group was founded in September, 1998 by Hanna Schwartz, a then-sophomore in Rutgers College and Jordan Ullman, a then-graduate student at the Rutgers University Graduate School of Education. It was the first co-ed A Cappella group on campus and since its inception, has been entirely student-run. The group travels across the eastern seaboard on a yearly basis, and has participated in the International Championship of Collegiate A Cappella several times, making it to the finals twice and picking up several awards on the way. They recently celebrated their 15th Anniversary Season. 
History.
Conception and early beginnings (1998-2001).
The 2000-2001 school year was a big one for Deep Treble. December's concert in Trayes Hall proved the biggest yet, with over 350 music lovers showing up. In January, Deep Treble began work on its first album, "All Kinds of Treble," set to be released in the Fall of 2001. April marked the first time Deep Treble performed in Nicholas Music Center at the Mason Gross School of the Arts.
2000-2001 was also the first year Deep Treble was accepted into the International Championship of Collegiate A Cappella (ICCAs). After placing second in the Northeast Quarterfinals at Tufts University in Boston, Deep Treble won the Northeast Semifinals at the University of Connecticut in Storrs, Connecticut. This win sent Deep Treble to Avery Fischer Hall in Lincoln Center in New York City for the International Finals. Along the way, Deep Treble picked up many awards, including two to Jordan Ullman for his arrangements, a vocal percussion award to Brian Chambers, a vocal percussion award to Jeremy Schafer, and best vocalist awards for the sisters Rabie and Rachel Wohl.
In the Fall of 2001 Deep Treble released its self-produced debut album, "All Kinds of Treble." In the Spring of 2002, Deep Treble took first place in the ICCA Mid-Atlantic Quarterfinals. Brian Chambers picked up an arrangement award for "Regulate/I Keep Forgettin'," while Minna Urrey won the Outstanding Soloist Award for "Jersey Girl." At the Semifinals, Deep Treble took third place and multi-talented Brian took home the award for best percussionist.
Another go at international acclaim (2007-present).
After a few years off the competition circuit, Deep Treble decided to compete again in the ICCAs in 2007. Under the musical direction of Viraj Lal, DT placed second in the Mid Atlantic Regional at Drexel winning the award for Best Choreography. Rutgers hosted the Semifinals and won first place, in addition to a Best Soloist Award for Yaa Acheampong’s rendition of “Janie’s Got a Gun” and Best Vocal Percussion by Jessica Totaro. This win marked the second time Deep Treble reached a berth at the Finals in Lincoln Center. DT starred in a television segment on NJN for its tremendous success. That summer, Deep Treble recorded its third album. Take the Cake, launched in Spring 2008 with a huge Cake-celebration, earned accolades, rave reviews, and proved to be the most successful album for the group yet.
On December 13, 2008, Deep Treble celebrated its 10th anniversary in style. First, there was a reunion providing a great chance for current members to connect with alumni and a great opportunity for alumni to reconnect with old friends. At the reunion, the Deep Trebles of past and present relived old songs under the guidance and leadership of the original arrangers, past musical directors, and many of the original soloists. Subsequently, the 10th Anniversary Concert featured the alumni clad in black with a splash of red singing “Beautiful,” with Monica Fonorow, “Janie’s Got a Gun,” with Candice Helfand, “Let Go,” with Melanie Kim, “Under the Bridge,” with Kenny Karnas, “Always Be My Baby,” with Gia Wright, “The Whole World Together,” with Jason Troost, Matt LaFargue, Uton Onyejekwe, and Travis Nilan, and “The Remedy,” featuring Travis Nilan. The alumni even sang a song by themselves: “If You Could Only See” with Uton Onyejekwe. As a result of the event, Deep Treble established the position of Historian to maintain contact with the alumni and to preserve documentation of the concerts.
The competition season of Spring 2009 proved to be one of Deep Treble’s hardest and triumphant. The competition set included two new songs, and DT’s membership included seven new members. Under the musical direction of Julia Fendler, DT overcame these difficult odds and placed second in the Mid Atlantic Quarterfinals at RPI, picking up an award for Best Arrangement by Alexandra Bancroft for her mash-up, “Unapologize.” Rutgers, once again, hosted Semifinals, and Christofer Peckhardt earned the award for Best Soloist of “Beautiful Child.”
In 2011 and 2012, Deep Treble returned to the ICCAs and although they did make it to the Semi-Finals, they took home Best Soloist awards both years for "Rock Medley" Arranged by Galdriel Sevener '12 and sung by Tyler Picone '14, and a return of "Beautiful Child" arranged by Kenneth Feibush and also sung by Tyler Picone. The group also took home the award for best vocal percussion in 2011 awarded to Charles Salamone '12. 
In May of 2013, Deep Treble celebrated their 15th anniversary in style where it all began, at Kirkpatrick Chapel where the first Deep Treble concert was performed. The group had a small get together beforehand to meet and socialize with alumni and performed several songs with alumni such as: "All These Things" "The Remedy" "Your Ex-Lover is Dead" "The Sign" and Unfaithful Apology". 
In such a short time, Deep Treble has established solid reputation at Rutgers and in the a cappella world. DT frequently performs at benefits, concerts, and events around campus and elsewhere. Its alumni have gone on to become lawyers, doctors, professional musicians and arrangers, and teachers, and still have time to appear at concerts to join for the encore. While the future is unknown, the prospects look bright with new members, invigorating songs, victorious competitions, and rocking albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20512325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512325" title="Bop-Be">
Bop-Be

Bop-Be is the final album on the Impulse label by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett's 'American Quartet'. Originally released in 1977 it features performances by Jarrett, Dewey Redman, Charlie Haden, and Paul Motian. It is the last album recorded by the American Quartet and the final album Jarrett released on a label other than ECM.
To date, "Bop-Be" has only ever been reissued on compact disc in Japan, packaged in a miniature replica of the original vinyl LP sleeve. However, it was included in the four-disc collection "". This also applies to the Jarrett album "Back Hand".
Critical reception.
In a contemporary review for "The Village Voice", music critic Robert Christgau gave the album an "A" and highlighted saxophonist Dewey Redman for his three compositions and dominant playing on what is by name only a pianist's album.
In a retrospective review, Allmusic's Richard S. Ginell gave it four stars and found it nearly as good as "Byablue", Jarrett's previous album with the American Quartet.

</doc>
<doc id="20512348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512348" title="Ubhayābhisārika">
Ubhayābhisārika

Ubhayābhisārika is a Sanskrit single-player satirical play formatted as a monologue. It was written by Vararuchi, who is thought to have lived in the Gupta period The literal meaning of the title is "Both Go to Meet" or "The Two Have a Tryst". However, "abhisārika" usually refers to a courtesan or prostitute.
The only character in the play is Vita, which, loosely translated, means a lecher or a satyr. Vita knows all the courtesans of the city (Kusumapura, a part of Pataliputra or the modern Patna) by their name, ancestry and their partners in sexual congress. Besides the courtesans, a remarkable character is a eunuch who is portrayed as being as seductive as any courtesan.
The play is a good example of the social life of the upper class of medieval India. In particular, it reveals the epicurean lifestyles of the rich and powerful, the considerable sexual freedom enjoyed by courtesans, and the avaricious nature of their mothers who were once courtesans themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="20512351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512351" title="Vettam Mani">
Vettam Mani

Vettam Mani or Vettom Mani (August 27, 1921 – May 29, 1987) was an eminent scholar and writer. His most famous work is the "Purāņic Encyclopedia" which is a monumental and exhaustive study of Indian Puranas, epics and allied literature of Hinduism. The author himself referred to the book as a comprehensive dictionary with special reference to the epic and Purāņic literature.

</doc>
<doc id="20512373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512373" title="William Head Institution">
William Head Institution

William Head Institution is a Canadian minimum-security federal correctional institution for men located in Metchosin, British Columbia, about 25 kilometers southwest of Victoria on the southernmost tip of Vancouver Island. The Institution opened in 1959 and can house 180 inmates. Inmates live in four groups of four duplexes, which can each house five people. William Head uses an individual approach focused on basic programs.
Facility Characteristics:
Institution for male offenders. Security level: Minimum.
Date opened: 1959.
Number of inmates: 94.
Average length of sentences:
- Less than 40 months: 20 per cent of inmates.
- 40 months and over: 27 per cent of inmates.
- Life sentence: 53 per cent of inmates.
Number of employees: 101.
Reported:
April 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20512401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512401" title="San Francisco International Comedy Competition">
San Francisco International Comedy Competition

The San Francisco International Comedy Competition (sometimes referred to as The San Francisco International Stand-Up Comedy Competition) is a stand-up comedy contest held each September in San Francisco, California, and neighboring areas of Northern California.
History.
The SFICC was originally conceived by Bay Area comedian Frank Kidder. However, it has been produced since its inception by Jon and Anne Fox, who now retain complete ownership after purchasing Kidder's share.
The competition has evolved from two nights of 20 comics performing, to its current multi-week format.
The Competition.
Hundreds of comedians each year submit applications to enter the contest. Of these, 32 are chosen to perform in one of two week-long preliminary rounds. In these prelims, comedians perform sets of 5 to 7 minutes in length. The top five from each preliminary round move on to the semi-finals.
The semi-final round is another week of shows, with the 10 semi-finalists performing sets of 10 to 12 minutes. From this group, five finalists are chosen.
Finalists must prove themselves in yet another week of shows, this time performing sets ranging in length from 15–20 minutes.
Penalties are assessed for comedians who go over and/or under the time constraints.
The performances are judged on the following criteria: Material, Stage Presence, Delivery, Technique, Audience Response, Audience Rapport, and the judges' "Gut Feeling" about the performer. Typically, the judges, who are different at each event, are previous competitors, members of the media, talent agents/scouts and representatives from the performance venue. There is also an extra point awarded, given by the audience through their applause after a comedian's performance. If the audience gives a ten-count of enthusiastic applause, the extra point is awarded.
Venues are varied and wide-ranging, to ensure that the performers can play to all types of audiences, and have included bars, clubs, casinos, colleges, theatres and more.
Notable.
Marsha Warfield, in 1979, became the competition's first African-American winner and its first female winner. She is also the only woman to win in the entire history of the SFICC.
Among the big names who entered, but did not advance to the semi-finals are Roseanne Barr, Janeane Garofalo, Bobcat Goldthwait, Christopher Titus and D.L. Hughley.
Don Friesen won in 1999 and again in 2005, making him the only person to have won the competition more than once.
Paul Ogata's win in 2007 was the first by an Asian-American comedian in 32 years of the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20512448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512448" title="Byablue">
Byablue

Byablue is an album on the Impulse label by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett's 'American Quartet'. Originally released in 1977 it features performances by Jarrett, Dewey Redman, Charlie Haden, and Paul Motian.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 4 stars stating "Highly recommended on LP, since the Middle Eastern tracks were deleted from the CD reissue.".

</doc>
<doc id="20512497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512497" title="Audrye Sessions">
Audrye Sessions

Audrye Sessions was an indie rock band from Oakland, California.
History.
Audrye Sessions was founded in 2002 by singer Ryan Karazija who was later joined by Alicia Marie Campbell. Soon after Michael Knox joined the band through a Craigslist ad. They began playing coffeehouses in their hometown of Livermore, California. 
In a "San Francisco Chronicle" profile, they have described themselves as having a "very Brit-rock feel like The Beatles meet Muse." The band has been compared to Muse, Coldplay, Oasis, Radiohead, and Verve.
In 2007 they won a spot on Live 105's BFD summer concert, and have played at San Francisco's Noise Pop and Austin's SXSW music festivals. Their final lineup consisted of Karazija and Campbell, as well as Michael Knox and James Leste. Musicians who previously performed and toured with Audrye Sessions include violinist Anton Patzner and drummer Alex Feldman.
They released a self-titled Audrye Sessions EP in October 2008 through Black Seal, a unit of RCA Records. The band's first full-length album, was released on February 17, 2009.
In the fall of 2009, they recorded "Turn Me Off" in Simlish. The song was later featured in "", the first expansion pack for the massively popular "The Sims 3" video game.
Their music was featured in the television show "Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew". In their first self-titled album, their song "Turn Me Off" was the most popular. In the summer of 2010, they released an EP called "An Otherwise Perfect Day". On August 24, 2010, the band performed their final show in their hometown of Oakland.
Karazija subsequently relocated to Reykjavík, Iceland and recorded as Low Roar, releasing a self-titled album in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20512517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512517" title="Zhang Bao (Yellow Turban)">
Zhang Bao (Yellow Turban)

Zhang Bao (died 184) was a Yellow Turban rebel leader during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history. He was a younger brother of Zhang Jiao and older brother of Zhang Liang, the other two key leaders of the rebellion. He was the proclaimed General of Land according to Zhang Jiao's doctrine.
After the death of Zhang Jiao in the winter of 184, the task of leading the rebels went to Zhang Bao and Zhang Liang, whose leadership was less effective. Zhang Liang was defeated and killed by the imperial general Huangfu Song at Guanzhong. Shortly after, Huangfu attacked Zhang Bao at Xiaquyang (present-day Jinzhou), and beheaded him.
In fiction.
In Luo Guanzhong's historical novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms", Zhang Bao fought with imperial forces led by Zhu Jun, Liu Bei, Guan Yu and Zhang Fei. He was depicted as a sorcerer and was able to summon a thunderstorm, which created an apparition of an army of dark warriors.
Ultimately shortly after Zhang Liang was captured and executed, Zhang Bao began making more reckless decisions and was hard pressed by government forces in Yang Province. His men began to fear for their lives and he was eventually assassinated by one of his own men, Yan Zheng during an attack on the castle of Yangcheng. With this the Yellow Turbans degenerated into a force of bandits militarily. By 205 they ceased most of their rebellious activities and the remaining followers mostly joined the Celestial Master Sect.
It is said that Zhang Bao and his brothers were the grandsons of Zhang Daoling.

</doc>
<doc id="20512525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512525" title="Facel Vega FVS">
Facel Vega FVS

The Facel Vega FV/FVS was a car produced by French car maker Facel Vega from 1954 to 1959. It continued until 1962 as the HK500.
History.
FV.
The Facel 'Vega' was launched at the 1954 Paris Salon. By 1956 the cars were called FVS (for Facel Vega Sport), earlier cars often being referred to as simply "FV". The 1954 versions of the Facel were fitted with a DeSoto Firedome (Chrysler) 4.5 litre Hemi V8 engine, paired with either Chrysler's two-speed Powerflite automatic transmission or, at extra cost, a four-speed manual made by Pont-à-Mousson. At this stage, the 180 hp FV was capable of depending on which rear axle ratio was installed. The chassis, designed by Lance Macklin, was tubular framed, featuring coil springs and double wishbones at the front, with a leaf-sprung live rear axle. Styling, by Daninos himself, was somewhat American and perhaps a bit heavy, with rudimentary tail fins. The body was an expanded version of the earlier, Facel-bodied Simca/Ford Comète. An abundance of stainless steel brightwork was fitted.
The interior was uncommonly luxurious, and of exceptional workmanship. The dashboard was aircraft-inspired, and one of the first to feature a middle console over the gearbox. The rear seats folded flat to provide a luggage platform and additional access to the boot. In 1955 the engine capacity increased to 4.8 litres and 200 hp (FV1), which later in the year grew to 250 hp (FV2). 47 of these early FVs were built in 1954 and 1955. Six were convertibles, but as these suffered from rigidity troubles the rest of the large two-door Facels were pillarless coupés.
FVS.
The 1956 FVS featured a panoramic (aka wrap-around) windshield. Sometimes referred to as FV2, the car featured the same engine as in the later FV1s. Subsequently the 5.4-litre FV2B appeared, with 255 hp. Later versions offered a three-speed automatic, and disc brakes were available from 1958. At some point a reworked, more harmonious front end was introduced, featuring what looked like twin stacked headlights but what were actually headlamps on top and auxiliaries beneath. Power steering and power brakes were both standard as of 1957. For 1958, the engine grew to 5.8 litres (FV4) and 325 hp, although the earlier 4.5 and a 4.9 (FV3/FV3B) were also listed as available. In total, 357 FVs and FVSs were built.
A four-door version, called the Excellence, was added to the lineup in 1958, but was even more rarefied than the two-door version.
HK500.
For 1959, the Facel Vega HK500 was introduced. Essentially, it was just a renamed, upgraded FVS. Equipped at first with the 335 hp 5.8-litre V8 from the FVS, the HK500 soon received a 360 bhp 6.3 litre Chrysler V8 making for a top speed of 147 mph (237 km/h). 60 miles per hour came up in 8.5 seconds. Initially disc brakes were optional, becoming standard in April 1960. The crisply designed Facel Vega II replaced the HK500 in 1962, after 489 had been built. One was a specially made convertible. Total FV/HK production was 842 or 846 depending on the source.
The HK500 was the car being driven on January 2, 1960 by French publisher Michel Gallimard when he lost control and crashed outside of Villeblevin, killing both himself and his Nobel laureate passenger Albert Camus. Some have speculated that the driver was not familiar with the car's handling and weight, and that contributed to the severity of the crash.

</doc>
<doc id="20512530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512530" title="Buffalo Games">
Buffalo Games

Buffalo Games Inc. (Buffalo Games) located in Buffalo, New York is a table-top and card games manufacturer, as well as puzzle and puzzle accessories manufacturer. It was founded in 1986.
Buffalo Games Inc. continues to develop their product line with an emphasis on family.
History.
Buffalo Games Inc. was originally founded in 1986 as a family run business. The initial product line consisted of several board games, and one puzzle, referred to as "The World's Most Difficult Puzzle". The initial revenue from their product line came from their sales and marketing to bulk mail catalogs and department store gift sections. They began mass manufacturing of games and puzzles in 1996.
Products.
Buffalo Games Inc designs and produces puzzles and puzzle accessories, as well as party-style board games. As of 2013, these are their past and present products:

</doc>
<doc id="20512540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512540" title="Union College of Laguna">
Union College of Laguna

The Union College of Laguna is a college institution that is located at Santa Cruz, Laguna, Philippines. The Union College was founded in 1947 by veteran educator Dr. Enrique Sobrepeña whose aim was to provide access to education to students who can't go to Manila for further education.
Mission and Vision.
Mission.
Union College was established to bring education to the students in the countryside, to effectively mold the youth for character development; to strive for excellence in knowledge and skills; to nurture talents for cultural fulfillment; and to produce graduates imbued with a deep sense of consecrated service to God and community.
Vision.
In the pursuit of truth, Union College envisions itself as a provider of knowledge, expertise, wisdom and goodness of character thus developing excellent graduates of sterling character, God-fearing and responsive to the needs of the global community.
Academics and Courses.
The Union College of Laguna is composed of the following Schools:
The Union College School of Integrated Preparatory Studies (UCSIPS) provides a 12-year program that combines kindergarten, elementary, and high school studies to prepare the student for college. This curriculum is not common among the educational institutions in the Philippines.It is currently headed by Mr. Redentor L. Abadier. 
The School of Arts and Sciences (SAS) Provides the subjects that are required by the Philippine governing entities for education. These subject includes collegiate mathematics, physical education, and the sciences. The SAS also provides specialized studies and grant degrees in BS Psychology, Bachelor of Arts with majors in Political Science, Public Administration, English, and Economics. It is currently headed by Dr. Lito F. Noroña. 
The School of Education (SED) is a branch of the College provides the programs for Bachelor of Elementary Education and Bachelor of Secondary Education. It is currently headed by Dr. Rosemarie D. Sabado. 
The School of Accountancy, Business Administration, Technology and Hotel and Restaurant Management (SABATH) governs entrepreneurial and technical training. It grants degree and certificate programs for Accountancy, Business Administration, and HRM. The SABATH also gives degrees and certificates for Secretarial Administration, Computer Science, Information Technology, and Computer Engineering. It is currently headed by Dr. Mona Lisa Dabao. 
The Graduate School provides courses in Public Administration, and Education with a choice of major in Administration and Supervision, Guidance and Counseling, or Psychology.

</doc>
<doc id="20512801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512801" title="John Kirkcaldie">
John Kirkcaldie

John Kirkcaldie is a retired professional downhill mountain biker from New Zealand. He won the New Zealand championship in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20512811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512811" title="U-27-class submarine (Austria-Hungary)">
U-27-class submarine (Austria-Hungary)

The "U-27" class was a class of eight submarines or U-boats built for and operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy () during World War I. The class was based upon the German Type UB II design of the German Imperial Navy and was constructed under license in Austria-Hungary.
After the Austro-Hungarian Navy had filled its most urgent needs for submarines after the outbreak of World War I, they selected the German Type UB II design for its next group of submarines in mid 1915. Orders for the first six boats were placed in October 1915 with the Austrian firm of Cantiere Navale Triestino and the Hungarian firm of Ganz Danubius. Two more boats were ordered in 1916, bringing the class total to eight.
The boats were just over long and were armed with two bow torpedo tubes, a deck gun, and a machine gun. For propulsion they were equipped with twin diesel engines for surface running and twin electric motors for subsurface movement. Although the class was based on the German design, the Austro-Hungarian U-boats were heavier and slightly faster underwater, but less heavily armed than their German counterparts
All eight boats were commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy between 1917 and 1918 and saw active service during the war. and were the most successful in terms of ships sunk and gross register tonnage sunk, respectively. Two boats sank only one ship each, and a third, , sank no ships. "U-30" was also the only boat of the class to be lost during the war. The remaining seven were ceded to France and Italy as war reparations and six were scrapped by 1920; the seventh sank while being towed to Bizerta for scrapping.
Background.
Austria-Hungary's U-boat fleet was largely obsolete at the outbreak of World War I. The Austro-Hungarian Navy satisfied its most urgent needs by purchasing five Type UB I submarines that comprised the from Germany, by raising and recommissioning the sunken French submarine "Curie" as , and by building four submarines of the that were based on the 1911 Danish "Havmanden" class.
After these steps alleviated their most urgent needs, the Austro-Hungarian Navy selected the German Type UB II design for its newest submarines in mid 1915. The Germans were reluctant to allocate any of their wartime resources to Austro-Hungarian construction, but were willing to sell plans for up to six of the UB II boats to be constructed under license in Austria-Hungary. The Navy agreed to the proposal and purchased the plans from AG Weser of Bremen.
Design.
The "U-27"-class boats were coastal submarines that displaced surfaced and submerged. The boats had a single hull with saddle tanks, and were long with a beam of and a draft of . For propulsion, they featured two shafts, twin diesel engines of for surface running, and twin electric motors of for submerged travel. The boats were capable of while surfaced and while submerged. Although there is no specific notation of a range for the "U-27" class, the German UB II boats, upon which the class was based, had a range of over at surfaced, and at submerged. The "U-27" class boats were designed for a crew of 23–24.
The "U-27" class boats were armed with two bow torpedo tubes and carried a complement of four torpedoes. They were also equipped with a 75 mm/26 (3.0 in) deck gun and an machine gun.
Differences from the Type UB II submarines.
Although the "U-27" design was based on the German Type UB II submarine, there were some differences between the two designs. The Austro-Hungarian boats were slightly heavier than their German counterparts, by only while surfaced, but by while submerged. The UB II boats were shorter by about in length, but nearly identical in beam and draft. Both types of submarines were rated at the same on the surface, but the Austro-Hungarian boats were reported as over faster underwater even though the electric motors of the two classes had comparable power output. The German boats were more typically more heavily armed than their Austro-Hungarian cousins, and featured two larger torpedo tubes— vs. —and many sported a larger deck gun— vs. .
Construction.
With the plans purchased, the Austro-Hungarian Navy began the intricate political negotiations to assign the six boats—to be designated "U-27" to "U-32"—between Austrian and Hungarian firms. Of the initial order of six boats, two were allocated to the Austrian firm of Cantiere Navale Triestino (CNT) operating out of the Pola Navy Yard, and the balance to the Hungarian firm of Ganz Danubius in Fiume. The Navy ordered the first six boats of the class on 12 October 1915.
The first six boats were all laid down between late 1915 and early 1916. Later in 1916, the seventh boat of the class, , was laid down, after having been presented to the Navy as a gift by the "Österreichischen Flottenverein", and an eighth, , as a replacement for , which had been lost in May. The seventh and eighth boats were constructed by CNT at the Pola Navy Yard. Shortages of labor and materials plagued subcontractors and, consequently, the delivery dates for the boats were not met. However, the first six boats had all entered service by the middle of 1917.
The first of the class to be launched was on 19 October 1916, followed closely behind by three days later. The final boat launched was "U-41" on 11 November 1917. The "U-27" class boats were the last domestically built submarines completed for the Austro-Hungarian Navy.
Service career.
All the boats of the "U-27" class, the most numerous of all the Austro-Hungarian submarine classes, saw active service, and all but one boat had wartime successes; sank no ships during her career, and disappeared after the end of March 1917, the only boat of the class to be lost during the war. and "U-41" also had little success, each credited with sinking a single ship. At the other end of the spectrum, "U-27", the lead boat of the class, sank the largest number of ships, 33, and sank the greatest amount of tonnage, .
At the end of the war, "U-27" and were surrendered at Pola, while "U-28" and "U-40" were surrendered at Venice. All four of these boats were ceded to Italy as war reparations and were scrapped by 1920. "U-29", "U-31", and "U-41" were half of the six submarines at Cattaro, and were all awarded to France. The boats were towed from Cattaro to Bizerta, but "U-29" foundered en route; "U-31", "U-41", and the others were scrapped within twelve months of their arrival there.
Class members.
SM "U-27".
"U-27", the lead boat of the class, was built by the Austrian firm of Cantiere Navale Triestino (CNT) at the Pola Navy Yard and launched on 19 October 1916. She was commissioned on 24 February 1917. During the war, she sank the British destroyer , damaged the Japanese destroyer "Sakaki", and sank or captured 34 other ships totaling . "U-27" was surrendered at Pola at war's end and handed over to Italy as a war reparation in 1919 and was broken up the following year. "Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships, 1906–1921" calls "U-27" Austria-Hungary's "most successful submarine".
SM "U-28".
"U-28" was built by CNT at the Pola Navy Yard and launched on 8 January 1917. The boat was commissioned on 26 June 1917. Under the command of Zdenko Hudeček, "U-28" sank ten ships totaling and damaged another . She was surrendered to the Italians at Venice in 1919 and scrapped in 1920.
SM "U-29".
"U-29" was built by the Hungarian firm of Ganz Danubius at Fiume and launched on 21 October 1916. She was commissioned on 21 January 1917, the first of the class to be commissioned. Under commander Leo Prásil, "U-29" sank three British steamers () and damaged the British protected cruiser . "U-29" was at Cattaro at the end of the war and awarded to France as war reparation in 1920, but foundered while under tow to Bizerta for scrapping.
SM "U-30".
"U-30" was built by Danubius at Fiume, launched on 27 December 1916, and commissioned on 17 February 1917. The boat, under the command of "Linienschiffsleutnant" Friedrich Fähndrich, sailed from Cattaro on 31 March 1917 and was never heard from again. "U-30" sank no ships during her brief career.
SM "U-31".
"U-31" was built by Danubius at Fiume and launched on 28 March 1917. She was commissioned on 24 April 1917. In addition to damaging the British light cruiser in October 1918, during the battle of Durazzo. "U-31" sank one other ship, an Italian vessel of . She was scrapped in Bizerta after she was awarded to France in 1920.
SM "U-32".
"U-32" was built by Danubius at Fiume and launched on 11 May 1917. The boat was commissioned on 29 June 1917. "U-32" hit five ships of , sinking four and damaging one. At Pola at war's end, the boat was handed over to Italy and scrapped in 1920.
SM "U-40".
"U-40" was ordered after the funds to purchase the boat were presented by the "Östereichischen Flottenverein" as a gift to the Austro-Hungarian Navy. She was built by CNT at the Pola Navy Yard, launched on 21 April 1917. and commissioned on 4 August 1917. During the war, "U-40" sank two ships and damaged two others, hitting a total of Commonwealth shipping. The Italian destroyer "Ardea" claimed to have sunk "U-40" in a depth charge attack on 26 April 1918, but the boat was surrendered to Italy at Venice in 1919 and broken up.
SM "U-41".
"U-41" was ordered as a replacement for which had been sunk in May 1916. She was built by CNT at the Pola Navy Yard and launched on 11 November 1917. During construction, "U-41" was lengthened about to accommodate the diesel engines on hand that were to have been installed in "U-6". "U-41" was commissioned on 19 February 1918, the last boat of the class, and the last Austro-Hungarian boat completed and commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy. "U-41" sank a single French steamer of during her short wartime career, and was at Cattaro at war's end. She was ceded to France in 1920 and towed to Bizerta, where she was scrapped within the year.

</doc>
<doc id="20512812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512812" title="Charles-Théodore Millot">
Charles-Théodore Millot

Charles-Théodore Millot (28 June 1829 – 17 May 1889) was a French general who distinguished himself in the Franco-Prussian War (1870–71) and the Tonkin campaign (1883–86). His victories at Bac Ninh (March 1884) and Hung Hoa brought to an end the two-year undeclared war in northern Vietnam between France and China, and paved the way for the conclusion of the Tientsin Accord between the two countries on 11 May 1884. Millot resigned as general-in-chief of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps shortly after the outbreak of the Sino-French War on 23 August 1884 and returned to France.
Command of Tonkin Expeditionary Corps.
In early 1884 the arrival of substantial reinforcements from France and the African colonies raised the strength of the expeditionary corps to over 10,000 men. Its new commander, "général de division" Charles-Théodore Millot (1829–1889), organised this force into two brigades. The 1st Brigade was commanded by "général de brigade" Louis Brière de l'Isle (1827–1896), who had earlier made his reputation as governor of Senegal. The 2nd Brigade was commanded by "général de brigade" François de Négrier (1842–1913), a charismatic young Foreign Legion commander who had recently quelled a serious Arab rebellion in Algeria. 
Millot commanded the expeditionary corps for eight months, from February to September 1884. During his tenure of command he organised two major campaigns to capture Bac Ninh and Hung Hoa (March and April 1884) and two more modest expeditions to capture Thai Nguyen and Tuyen Quang (May and June 1884). In the Bac Ninh campaign he won a spectacular walkover victory against Xu Yanxu's Guangxi Army. At the Capture of Hung Hoa, he flanked Liu Yongfu out of a formidable defensive system without losing a man. Having argued strenuously against sending a column to occupy Lang Son in the heat of the Tonkin summer, he emerged unscathed from the official enquiry into the circumstances of the Bac Le Ambush (June 1884). 
Millot was arguably the most successful of the many commanders of the expeditionary corps, but he was unpopular with both his officers and his men, who considered him overcautious. Significantly, his decision to halt General de Négrier's pursuit of the defeated Chinese forces in the Bac Ninh campaign was held against him, even though he had sound military reasons for this decision. The troops immediately gave sardonic Vietnamese nicknames to their three generals. The much-admired de Négrier became "Maolen" ('Quick!'), Brière de l'Isle "Mann Mann" ('Slow!'), and Millot "Toi Toi" ('Stop!'). 
Millot's career in Tonkin ended on a sour note. In poor health, and dismayed at the way the French government used the Bac Le Ambush as a pretext for war with China, he submitted his resignation in September 1884. In his last order of the day, he described himself as 'a sick and disappointed man'.

</doc>
<doc id="20512820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512820" title="Shades of magenta">
Shades of magenta

This article is about notable tints and shades of the color magenta. These various colors are shown below.
Definition of magenta.
Magenta is a color made up of equal parts of red and blue light. This would be the precise definition of the color as defined for computer display (the color #FF00FF shown in the color swatch above). It is a pure chroma on the RGB color wheel (Image of RGB color wheel:) midway between violet and rose. In HSV color space, "magenta" has a hue of 300°.
Magenta is not a spectral but an "extraspectral" color: it cannot be generated by light of a single wavelength. Humans, being trichromats, can only see as far as 380 nanometers into the spectrum, i.e., as far as violet.
The hue magenta is the complement of green: magenta pigments absorb green light, thus magenta and green are opposite colors.
The three major historical variations of magenta.
Magenta dye (original variation) (1860).
Before "printer's magenta" was invented in the 1890s for CMYK printing, and "electric magenta" was invented in the 1980s for computer displays, these two artificially engineered colors were preceded by the color displayed at right, which is the color originally called "magenta" made from coal tar dyes in the year 1859.
Besides being called original magenta, magenta dye color is also called rich magenta to distinguish it from the colors "printer's magenta" and "electric magenta", shown below.
Magenta was one of the first aniline dyes, discovered shortly after the Battle of Magenta (1859), which occurred near the town of Magenta in northern Italy. The color was originally called fuchsine or roseine, but for marketing purposes in 1860 the color name was changed to "magenta" after the battle. Hence, the color is named indirectly after the town.
Process magenta (pigment magenta) (printer's magenta) (1890s).
In color printing, the color called process magenta or pigment magenta is one of the three primary pigment colors which, along with yellow and cyan, constitute the three subtractive primary colors of pigment. (The secondary colors of pigment are blue, green, and red.) As such, the CMYK printing process was invented in the 1890s, when newspapers began to publish color comic strips.
Process magenta is not an RGB color, and there is no fixed conversion from CMYK primaries to RGB. Different formulations are used for printer's ink, so there can be variations in the printed color that is pure magenta ink. A typical formulation of "process magenta" is shown in the color box at right. The source of the color shown at right is the color magenta that is shown in the diagram located at the bottom of the following website offering tintbooks for CMYK printing: [http://www.tintbook.com/].
Web colors magenta and fuchsia (1990s).
Magenta, shown at the right, is one of the three secondary colors in the RGB color model, used to make all the colors on computer and television displays. It is made by a mixture of red and blue light at equal intensity. It is called magenta on X11 list of color names, and fuchsia on the HTML color list. The web colors magenta and fuchsia are exactly the same color. Sometimes the web color magenta is called "electric magenta" or "electronic magenta".
Additional variations of magenta.
Magenta (Crayola).
At right is displayed a Crayola color formulated in 1949; it was originally called "brilliant rose" but the name was changed in 1958 to "magenta".
Since this color has a hue code of 329, signifying a tone of rose, the original color name "brilliant rose" was more accurate. 
Ultra pink.
Displayed at right is the Crayola color shocking pink. 
This is a Crayola crayon color formulated in 1972 and called ultra pink. In 1990 the name was changed to "shocking pink".
Hot magenta.
Displayed at right is the color hot magenta. 
This color was formulated by Crayola in 1972.
Purple pizzazz.
Displayed at right is the color purple pizzazz. 
This color was formulated by Crayola in 1990.
Shocking pink.
Shocking pink (the original 1937 "shocking pink") takes its name from the tone of pink used in the lettering on the box of the perfume called "Shocking", designed by Leonor Fini for the Surrealist fashion designer Elsa Schiaparelli in 1937.
Orchid.
The color orchid, since it has a hue code of 302, may be classified as a rich tone of magenta. "Orchid" is a representation of the color of the orchidaceae flower. 
The first recorded use of "orchid" as a color name in English was in 1915.
In 1987, orchid was included as one of the X11 colors. After the invention of the world wide web in 1991, these became known as the X11 web colors.
Magenta (Pantone).
Displayed at right is the color magenta (Pantone), i.e., the color that is called "magenta" in the Pantone color system. 
The source of this color is the "Pantone Textile Paper eXtended (TPX)" color list, color #17-2036 TPX—Magenta.
Telemagenta.
Displayed at right is the color telemagenta.
This is one of the colors in the RAL color matching system, a color system widely used in Europe. The RAL color list first originated in 1927, and it reached its present form in 1961. 
Sky magenta.
Displayed at right is the color sky magenta. The color "sky magenta" is a representation of the color of the sky near the sun during the brief period during twilight when the pink of sunset transitions into the blue of early evening. This color was one of the colors in the set of "Venus Paradise" colored pencils, a popular brand of colored pencils in the 1950s. 
This color is also called "medium lavender pink".
A photograph of the sky displaying the color "sky magenta" in its natural context by photographer Dave Horne is displayed here: [http://www.flickr.com/photos/dhorne/1109754369/
Steel pink.
The color steel pink is displayed at right.
The color "steel pink" was introduced by Crayola in January 2011, when the Ultra Hot and Super Cool set of Crayola colored pencils was fully introduced.
"Steel pink" is a deep tone of magenta.
Magenta haze.
Displayed at right is the color magenta haze. 
The source of this color is the "Pantone Textile Paper eXtended (TPX)" color list, color #18-2525 TPX—Magenta Haze.
Quinacridone magenta.
At right is displayed the color quinacridone magenta. 
"Quinacridone magenta" is a color made from quinacridone dye. It is sold in tubes at art supply stores. By mixing various amounts of white with it, artists may create a wide range of light, bright, brilliant, vivid, rich, or deep tones of magenta. 
Plum.
The color plum, since it has a hue code of 307, may be regarded as a dark tone of magenta. The color "plum" is a close representation of the average color of the plum fruit. 
The first recorded use of "plum" as a color name in English was in 1805.
Dark magenta.
Displayed at right is the web color dark magenta.
Wrapping the spectrum into a color wheel.
If the visible spectrum is wrapped to form a color wheel, magenta (additive secondary) appears midway between red and violet:

</doc>
<doc id="20512868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512868" title="Swimming at the Asian Games">
Swimming at the Asian Games

Swimming has been an Asian Games sport since the 1951 edition.

</doc>
<doc id="20512880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512880" title="Solenette">
Solenette

The solenette or yellow sole, "Buglossidium luteum", is a species of flatfish in the family Soleidae, and the only member of its genus. It is characterized by its small size, low-slung semi-circular mouth, and regularly placed dark fin rays. A common and widespread species, it is native to sandy bottoms in the eastern Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea. It is of little commercial value.
Distribution and habitat.
The solenette occurs in the eastern Atlantic Ocean from Iceland and Scotland southward, as well as in the North Sea, Kattegat and the Baltic Sea. It also occurs in the Mediterranean Sea, including the Adriatic Sea, the Sea of Marmara, and the Bosphorus. It has been reported from a range of 5-450 m, but is rare in very shallow waters. The highest abundances occur at depths of 5-15 m in the English Channel and at 20-35 m in the Bay of Biscay. Their distribution is not restricted by sediment type as in some other flatfish species. In the Solway Firth, there is a general movement offshore in the winter.
This species has more specific habitat requirements than other widespread Atlantic flatfish such as the European plaice, common sole, and common dab. It is concentrated in waters moderately influenced by estuary outflows, at a salinity of 29-33 ppt, and is absent from the mouths of the largest estuaries where the salinity is lower. The solenette is often found on or half-buried in muddy or muddy-sandy substrates.
Description.
The smallest of the soles in European waters, the solenette usually measures 10-13 cm long and attains a maximum length of 15 cm. It has an oval, compressed, slightly elongate body with both eyes on the right side of the head. The snout is rounded with the upper jaw slightly elongated to form a "beak". The diameter of the upper eye is less than the distance between it and the front of the head. The dorsal fin begins on the anterior profile of the head, with 65-78 fin rays. The anal fin contains 49-63 fin rays, and the caudal fin is connected to the dorsal and anal fins by a small membrane. The pectoral fin on the eyed side is small, with 3-5 fin rays, and the one on the blind side is reduced to 1 long and 1-2 short fin rays.
The lateral line scales number 55-70, and are rectangular in shape with short, strongly curved intercanalicular striae. The coloration of the eyed side is variable, frequently yellowish or light brown with or without darker blotches or spots. The dorsal and anal fins are sandy with every 5th or 6th (occasionally 4th or 7th) fin ray dark for the majority of their lengths. The solenette can change its color to better match its background.
Biology and ecology.
Adult solenette feed on a variety of small benthic organisms, mainly crustaceans (copepods, amphipods, and cumaceans), bivalve molluscs, and polychaete worms. The diet of the solenette varies by geographical region; solenette from the English Channel feed on a larger variety of prey than those from the Bay of Biscay, and take proportionally more polychaetes as opposed to crustaceans and molluscs for the Bay of Biscay. Feeding activity peaks in summer and declines markedly in winter.
The solenette spawns in February in the Mediterranean, from March to June in the Bay of Biscay, and in July and August in the western English Channel, North Sea, and western Ireland. The eggs are small and distinguishable from those of other soles by having only a few large oil globules. The larvae hatch at about 2 mm long, with metamorphosis beginning at about 7 mm long and being complete at 8-9 mm. In appearance the larvae are similar to those of the common sole, but with fewer large stellate chromatophores. There is also a distinct patch of pigment on the ventral abdominal wall, and the distinct shape of the head is also apparent in the early stages.
In the North Sea, there are no special nursery areas, with juveniles and adults occurring in the same areas. The young take up a benthic lifestyle at 12 mm long. Most growth occurs in the first year of life and continues at a relatively low and constant rate afterwards. Both sexes mature in their third year, with males growing faster than females and females attaining a larger ultimate size. The maximum reported age is 13 years.
Relationship to humans.
The solenette is too small to be of commercial interest and is usually discarded by fishers. It is caught as bycatch in trawls, sometimes in large numbers, and historically has often been confused with the young of the common sole. Between 1985 and 2006, the range of the solenette increased significantly in the North Sea, which is believed to be a consequence of rising sea bottom temperatures.

</doc>
<doc id="20512904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512904" title="Greater Brisbane League">
Greater Brisbane League

The Greater Brisbane League or formerly the Greater Brisbane Baseball Board league (GB3) is the largest baseball league in the Australian state of Queensland and covers all teams from Brisbane North, South, West, Metro as well as two Gold Coast teams. These are from age groups Little League (U12) through to seniors. It is run by the governing body of Baseball Queensland.
To participate in the Greater Brisbane Major League, clubs must meet certain criteria set by Baseball Queensland. Generally the hardest criteria for clubs to meet is to field a team in the junior age levels U14's, U16's and U20's. When this criterion is not met, senior teams may only compete in the South Queensland Baseball League or Pacific League competition.
The GBL consists of six senior division teams from Major/Pacific League A and B through to South Queensland League A-C and a separate Masters competition. Juniors consist of an U20 competition, division one and two U16 and a division one and two U14 competitions. U8, U10 and U12 competitions are run by their respective regions and are non-divisional.
History.
The Greater Brisbane League was originally known as the Queensland Baseball Association fixtures, which began in 1946 when six teams entered the competition playing primarily at New Farm Park, Kalinga Park, Langlands Park, Perry Park and the Brisbane Exhibition Ground. Uniforms were made out of surplus army uniforms and teams made up of many American ex-pat soldiers from World War II and A-Grade cricketers to keep game fit during the off-season.
Teams.
Clubs currently in the Greater Brisbane League are:
Below is a map indicating the locations of all eighteen teams competing in the Greater Brisbane League competition. The Brisbane CBD is represented by the black square. Also note Toowoomba is located off the map to the west:
Commissioners Cup.
The Commissioners Cup or Commissioners Shield is an annual, end of year event that usually coincides with the Christmas break of the season. It is a one off game in Major A, B and C grades between the current Greater Brisbane League leaders of the Northside and the Southside.
Major A standings are on win percentage, whereas Major B and C-Grade standings are on points.
Major League Criteria.
The basics to qualifying for Major League criteria, clubs must have a minimum of:
Competitions.
"See: Greater Brisbane League 2008-09"
Media coverage.
The Greater Brisbane League is covered across many media sources from Quest Community Newspapers including the "Redcliffe and Bayside Herald", "Caboolture Shire Herald", "Albert and Logan News", "Pine Rivers Press", "Northern Times", and the "Logan West Leader", as well as many other regional newspapers such as the "Hinterland Grapevine", "The Sunshine Coast Daily", "Gold Coast Bulletin", "Benowa Garden News", and the "Mudgee Guardian".
Major League results are also covered by the television network 7 and more in depth results are covered by "The Sunday Mail" and the "The Courier Mail".

</doc>
<doc id="20512936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512936" title="Dendritic spike">
Dendritic spike

In neurophysiology, a dendritic spike refers to an action potential generated in the dendrite of a neuron. Dendrites are branched extensions of a neuron. They receive electrical signals emitted from projecting neurons and transfer these signals to the cell body, or soma. Dendritic signaling has traditionally been viewed as a passive mode of electrical signaling. Unlike its axon counterpart which can generate signals through action potentials, dendrites were believed to only have the ability to propagate electrical signals by physical means: changes in conductance, length, cross sectional area, etc. However, a large body of evidence now makes it clear that dendrites are active neuronal structures. Dendrites contain voltage-gated ion channels giving them the ability to generate action potentials. Dendritic spikes have been recorded in numerous types of neurons in the brain and are thought to have great implications in neuronal communication, memory, and learning. 
A dendritic spike is initiated in the same manner as that of an axonal action potential. Depolarization of the dendritic membrane causes sodium and potassium voltage-gated ion channels to open. The influx of sodium ions causes an increase in voltage. If the voltage increases past a certain threshold, the sodium current activates other voltage-gated sodium channels transmitting a current along the dendrite. Dendritic spikes can be generated through both sodium and calcium voltage-gated channels. Dendritic spikes usually transmit signals at a much slower rate than axonal action potentials. Local voltage thresholds for dendritic spike initiation are usually higher than that of action potential initiation in the axon; therefore, spike initiation usually requires a strong input.
Voltage-Gated Channels.
Voltage-Gated Sodium Channel.
Voltage-gated sodium channels are proteins found in the membrane of neurons. When electrically activated, they allow the movement of sodium ions across a plasma membrane. These channels are responsible for propagation of electrical signals in nerve cells. Voltage-gated sodium channels can be divided into two subunits: alpha and beta. A variety of alpha subunit voltage-gated sodium channels have been identified. Voltage-gated sodium channels found in mammals can be divided into three types: Nav1.x, Nav2.x, and Nav3.x. Nav1.x sodium channels are associated with the central nervous system. Nav1.1, Nav2.2, and Nav1.6 are three isoforms of the voltage-gated sodium channels that are present at high levels in the central nervous system of an adult rat brain. Of the three isoforms, Nav1.6 is the most abundantly found. These channels have been well documented in the axonal membrane of the central nervous system. Nav1.2 has been primarily identified in unmyelinated axons while high concentrations of Nav1.6 have been observed at nodes of Ranvier of axons. These voltage-gated sodium channels have also been observed in the dendrites of neurons in the central nervous system confirming the conductive properties of dendrites. 
Distribution of voltage-gated sodium channels along the dendritic membrane plays a crucial role in a dendrites ability to propagate a signal. High dendritic membrane thresholds often make it harder for initiation of dendritic spikes. However, increased density of voltage-gated sodium channels may reduce the amplitude of a signal needed to initiate a spike. Clustering of voltage-gated sodium channels have been observed at the synapses of the globus pallidus neuron. It has also been demonstrated through dendritic computational models that the threshold amplitude of a synaptic conductance needed to generate a dendritic spike is significantly less if the voltage-gated sodium channels are clustered at the synapse. The same type of voltage-gated channels may differ in distribution between the soma and dendrite within the same neuron. There seems to be no general pattern of distribution for voltage-gated channels within dendrites. Different neuronal dendrites exhibit different density patterns which are subject to change during development and can be modulated by neurotransmitters.
Voltage-Gated Calcium Channel.
Like voltage-gated sodium channels, voltage-gated calcium channels are also integral membrane proteins found in the plasma membrane. Voltage-gated calcium channels generate action potentials by the same mechanisms as voltage-gated sodium channels. Various voltage-gated calcium channels have been identified in neurons. N- and P/Q-type voltage-gated calcium channels are the primary subtypes found to support synaptic transmission. These channels are concentrated at nerve terminals. T-type and R-type voltage-gated calcium channels have been found in basal dendrites, and it is thought that the activation of these channels during action potential bursts lead to the generation of dendritic calcium spikes. T-type and R-type channels are all part of the alpha 1 subunit class of calcium channels. 
The various types of voltage-gated calcium channels result in two forms of voltage activation: low-voltage-activated (LVA) and high-voltage-activated (HVA) calcium currents. In deep cerebellar nuclei, calcium currents are not uniformly distributed along a dendrite. The relative strength of LVA calcium currents are significantly more concentrated at the distal end of dendrites. The uneven distribution of LVA calcium currents suggests the important role of LVA calcium currents in dendritic integration at synaptic inputs.
Voltage-Gated Potassium Channel.
Voltage-gated potassium channels are another set of voltage-gated channels that play a significant role in the initiation of dendritic spikes. Voltage-gated potassium channels, similar to voltage-gated sodium and calcium channels, facilitate the movement of cations across the plasma membrane. But unlike voltage-gated sodium and calcium channels, the voltage-gated potassium channel moves cations out of the cell thereby having an inhibitory effect on dendritic spike initiation. 
The transient A-type voltage-gated potassium channel is a specific channel that plays a key role in dendritic spike initiation. The density of voltage-gated sodium and calcium channels is similar in both dendrites and axons; however, the dendritic membrane is far less excitable than the axonal membrane. The difference in excitability can be attributed to the presence of these voltage-gated potassium channels. Voltage-gated potassium channels inhibit the ability of dendrites to generate action potentials and decrease the amplitude of dendritic spikes with increasing distance from the soma. The ability of voltage-gated potassium channels to modulate dendritic signaling may have significant effects on synaptic plasticity.
Spike Initiation.
Action Potential.
Action potentials initiated in the axon normally travel down the axon away from the soma. However, it is also possible for an action potential to travel in the opposite direction, invade the soma, and then travel down the dendrite as a dendritic spike. This retrograde signal provides information to the synapse that the neuron has fired an output. The efficacy of the signal varies among different neuronal types. For example, backward propagation of action potentials is very limited in cerebellar Purkinje cells but is quite prevalent in interneurons of the medium ganglionic layer of the cerebellum-like lobe of some fish.
Synaptic Input.
Action potentials may be first generated at the dendrite if stimulated by strong synchronous synaptic inputs. The ability of a dendrite to initiate an action potential is not only highly dependent on synaptic input but also on the number of voltage-gated channels and density of voltage-gated channels present in the membrane.
Spatial Summation.
Initiation of a dendritic spike through a single strong synaptic input does not guarantee that the spike will propagate reliably over long distances. If multiple synapses are simultaneously activated, dendritic spikes may be formed through spatial summation. Spatial summation involves the addition of multiple input signals resulting in a larger signal and possibly a dendritic spike. Hippocampal CA1 neurons have been shown to produce reliable dendritic spike propagation through spatial summation of multiple synaptic inputs. In the hippocampus, the CA1 neurons contain two distinctive regions that receive excitatory synaptic inputs: the perforant path (PP) through the apical dendritic tuft (500-750 μm from soma) and the Schaffer-collateral (SC) through the basal and apical dendrites (250-500 μm from soma). Studies show that individual stimulation of either the PP or SC was not sufficient enough to allow a dendritic spike to initiate an action potential. However, it was shown that when a dendritic spike occurred due to PP stimulations, the presence of a CC stimulation determined whether or not the signal would propagate to the soma.
Spike Propagation.
Backward Propagation.
Dendritic spikes most commonly propagate backwards from the soma to distal dendritic branches. Backward propagation serves a number of functions in the neuron. These functions vary based on the neuronal cell types. In general, backwards propagation serves to communicate output information to the post synaptic membrane. In many neurotransmitter releasing neurons, backward propagation of dendritic spikes signals the release of neurotransmitters. For example, Mitral cells seem to serve both as projection neurons and as local interneurons. If the axonal output of mitral cell is shut down by soma inhibition, local dendritic action potential causes the mitral cell to release neurotransmitters into the environment. Backward propagation of dendritic spikes has been demonstrated in various neuronal types in the brain but has rarely been studied outside of the brain. Other than neurons in the brain, dendritic spikes have been observed in the neurons of the spinal cord.
Forward Propagation.
Forward propagation of dendritic spikes is initiated due to synaptic activity. Forward propagation serves to amplify signals that may not reach the soma through normal passive transmission. The strength of synaptic stimulation required to generate a dendritic spike varies among neuronal types. Neurons which receive relatively few inputs cannot rely on spatial summation and therefore must rely on stronger synaptic inputs. Some relatively unbranched neurons, such as the globus pallidus neuron, bypass the need of strong synaptic input by increased concentrations of voltage-gated sodium channels at the synapse. Other more branched neurons, such as the pyramidal neurons, rely on spatial summation of multiple inputs to generate forward propagating dendritic spikes. Forward propagation is not well understood and much research is devoted to the subject. It is thought by most experts that this phenomenon does not occur in neurons outside of the brain.
Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity.
Spike-timing-dependent plasticity (STDP) refers to the functional changes in a neuron and its synapse due to time dependent action potentials. When an action potential reaches the pre-synaptic membrane it opens voltage-gated calcium channels causing an influx of calcium. The influx of calcium releases vesicles filled with neurotransmitters, usually glutamate, into the synaptic cleft. The neurotransmitters bind to receptors on the post-synaptic membrane opening voltage-gated channels causing the membrane to depolarize. 
NMDA receptors are found throughout the post-synaptic membrane and act as a coincidence detector. The NMDA detects both glutamate released by pre-synaptic vesicles and depolarization of the post-synaptic membrane. The NMDA receptor exhibits voltage-dependent block by magnesium ions. Depolarization of the post-synaptic membrane (i.e. backward propagating dendritic spike) causes the magnesium ion to be removed from the channel, favoring channel opening. NMDA receptor activation thereby allows calcium influx. Neurons that “fire together wire together” refer to strengthening of synaptic connections through NMDA receptors when glutamate release is coincident with post-synaptic depolarization. This form of wiring is known as long term potentiation. Synaptic connection can also be weakened when the activity of neurons is uncorrelated, also known as long term depression. 
The dependence of post-synaptic depolarization in STDP indicates the importance of dendritic spikes. In general, post-synaptic depolarization occurs coincidentally with pre-synaptic activity when a backwards propagating signal reaches the post-synaptic membrane. Dendritic spikes allow backward propagating signals to reach and depolarize the post-synaptic membrane. The strengthening and weakening of synaptic connections is one proposed method of memory formation and learning.
Experimental Methods.
Patch Clamp.
Patch clamp recording is used to measure electrical activity in neurons. The technique uses a one micrometer diameter open tip glass micropipette to suction the membrane of a cell. The pipette is filled with ionic solution, and a silver wire is placed in the solution to conduct and amplify electrical signals. The ion solution can be varied and drugs can be delivered through the micropipette to study the effects of current under various conditions. Receptor and voltage-gated channel antagonists are often applied (i.e. nickel used to block NMDA receptors) in order to study the effects of ion channels on dendritic spike initiation. Current injection is often paired with patch clamp recordings in order to observe current modulation due to various experimental factors.
Staining and Labeling.
Staining and labeling techniques are often used in microscopy to help identify specific structures in a cell. Staining usually involves the use of dyes that are absorbed by various cell structures at different rates. Labeling involves the use of fluorescence to identify specific molecules. Fluorophores, fluorescent molecules, may be directly attached or attached to an antibody in order to detect a specific target. In the case of dendritic spikes, staining and labeling are used to identify and quantify the presence of certain voltage-gated channels. For example, rabbit polyclonal antibodies raised against synthetic peptide sequences have been used to identify the presence of Nav1.2, Nav1.3, and Nav1.6 sodium channels in dendrites of the globus pallidus neuron.
Computational Modeling.
Computational modeling of neurons, artificial neural networking, has become a very popular tool in investigating the properties of neuronal signaling. These models are based on biological neural networks. Computational modeling can be used to study single neurons, groups of neurons, or even networks of neurons. This field has generated much interest and serves as a tool for all branches of neuroscience research including dendritic spike initiation.

</doc>
<doc id="20512947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512947" title="Kenneth Smith">
Kenneth Smith

Kenneth, Kenny, or Ken Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20512960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512960" title="Lung King Heen">
Lung King Heen

Lung King Heen () is a fine dining Chinese restaurant in the Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong. It is helmed by Chef de cuisine Chan Yan-tak, who came out of early retirement in 2002 for the Hotel. 
It is the only Cantonese restaurant in Hong Kong that has been awarded the maximum three Michelin stars by the 2009 Hong Kong and Macau edition of the Michelin Guide.
In 2010, the restaurant's homemade XO sauce was listed as the 'Best condiment' on the "Hong Kong Best Eats 2010" list compiled by CNN Travel.
Lung King Heen was added to Forbes Travel Guide's list of 5 stars restaurants in January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20512970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20512970" title="Civil Engineering and Development Department">
Civil Engineering and Development Department

The Civil Engineering and Development Department (CEDD) is a department of the Hong Kong government that reports to the Development Bureau. Its duties are primarily the detailed planning and construction of infrastructure to be operated by other departments.
Organisation.
The department is structured primarily geographically, in support of its on-the-ground operations, together with two support functions:
Divisions.
Slope Safety.
Hong Kong Slope Safety is a division within the CEDD that is responsible for Hong Kong's strategy on dealing with the safety of slopes, and making them look more natural [http://hkss.cedd.gov.hk/hkss/eng/green/green/greening.htm]. The government have committed to landscape every existing slope upgraded under the Landslip Preventive Measures (LPM) Programme and every newly formed Government slope.
History.
The department formerly came under the (former) Environment, Transport and Works Bureau.

</doc>
<doc id="20513010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513010" title="1927 Rose Bowl">
1927 Rose Bowl

The 1927 Rose Bowl Game was a college football bowl game held on January 1, 1927 in Pasadena, California. The game featured the Alabama Crimson Tide, of the Southern Conference, and Stanford, of the Pacific Coast Conference, now the Pacific-12 Conference. It was Stanford's second Rose Bowl game in three years. The game ended in a 7–7 tie, the last Rose Bowl game to end in a tie.
Game summary.
United Press called the 1927 Rose Bowl "the football championship of America", and the game was considered the most exciting in the series up to that time. The crowd of 57,417 set an attendance record. Stanford's George Bogue missed an 18-yard field goal attempt in the first quarter, then threw a touchdown pass to Ed Walker and kicked the point after to put Stanford up, 7-0. Stanford held that lead through most of the rest of the game, but in the final minutes, they were forced to punt on fourth down. Frankie Wilton's kick was blocked, and Alabama took over 14 yards from goal. Alabama running back Jimmy Johnson carried the ball in for the touchdown. The two-point conversion, and overtime, were decades in the future. Stanford's only hope was to block the point after, but Alabama ran the play quickly and Herschel Caldwell's kick tied Stanford, and took away a Stanford victory in the final minute. 

</doc>
<doc id="20513034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513034" title="Polyhedron (journal)">
Polyhedron (journal)

Polyhedron is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the field of inorganic chemistry. It was established in 1955 as the Journal of Inorganic and Nuclear Chemistry and is published by Elsevier.
Abstracting and indexing.
"Polyhedron" is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.813.

</doc>
<doc id="20513051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513051" title="Motnik">
Motnik

Motnik () is a village in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church in Motnik is dedicated to Saint George and is a Baroque building with 19th-century furnishings. Close by is a smaller church, the chapel of Mary Magdalene. Close to the settlement is also an abandoned brown coal mine in which the fossilized remains of a pygmy rhinoceros were discovered in 1910. They were found to be 25 million years old and are now displayed in a small museum in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="20513100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513100" title="British Independent Film Awards 2008">
British Independent Film Awards 2008

The 11th British Independent Film Awards, held on 30 November 2008 at the Old Billingsgate Market in London, honoured the best British independent films of 2008.
Awards.
The winner is bolded at the top of each section.
The Douglas Hickox Award.
Given to a British director on their debut feature

</doc>
<doc id="20513107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513107" title="Nevlje">
Nevlje

Nevlje (; ) is a settlement on the Nevljica River in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It is located approximately from Kamnik.
Name.
Nevlje was first attested in 1287 as "villa de Nawel" (and as "Newel" in 1288 and "Newla" in 1498). It is believed to be derived from the plural demonym "*Nev(ь/ъ)ľane" or "*Neveľane". The origin of the name is unclear, but may be derived from the Slavic personal name "*Neveľь", "*Neveľa", or "*Nevoľa". Some pseudoetymologies claim that the name is related the Slovene common noun "navje" 'cemetery'. In the 19th century the German name was "Neul".
History.
Nevlje is among the oldest settlements in the Kamnik area. A Negau helmet from the Hallstatt period (Early Bronze Age) was discovered in Nevlje in 1928. The parish church of Saint George is located in Nevlje and is the oldest in the region. Until 1232, it was the seat of the Parish of Kamnik. In the middle of the 20th century, the architecture of the church was enriched by Jože Plečnik, who designed its baptistry.
Kužna Hill is located above the village. Its name probably means the place where people with the plague were living. In 1563, an infectious disease hospital operated in Nevlje.
Archeological site.
In March and April 1938, an almost complete skeleton of a 40-year-old woolly mammoth ("Mammuthus primigenius"), an antler of a reindeer ("Rangifer tarandus"), an atlas of a polar fox ("Alopex lagopus"), and a small Paleolithic tool made of almost black flint were found in Nevlje by workers who built a bridge across the Nevljica and deepened its bed. It was the first discovered Paleolithic hunting settlement in the territory of the present Slovenia and was dated to around 20,000 BP, the time of the Gravettian culture in the latter half of the Würm period (the last glaciation period). The excavations attracted domestic and international public attention, researchers, and politicians. A bridge built at this spot was named the Mammoth Bridge (). A pollen analysis was performed at the site for the first time by Ana Tregubov-Budnar, the first Slovenian palinologist. In 1944, she attributed the pollen to the end of an interglacial period. Later, it was shown by Alojz Šercelj that it actually belongs to the Würm glaciation. The mammoth skeleton is one of the best preserved in Europe and has become the symbol of the Natural History Museum of Slovenia, where it is now on display.

</doc>
<doc id="20513126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513126" title="Dohzi-T">
Dohzi-T

, real name , is a Japanese rapper, who has been active since 1989.
Biography.
Dohzi-T belonged to hip hop band "Zingi", formed in 1990. He debuted as a solo singer with the single "Shōnen A" (lit. "Boy A") on October 10, 2001. He associated with popular singers such as Shota Shimizu, Miliyah Kato and Hiromi Go. Since he has long career in Japan, he is called "Brother Dohzi" by other musicians. He is also known for his ability to find new singers. Dohzi-T and DJ Bass were featured in Ayumi Hamasaki's song "Nothing from Nothing", released by Nippon Columbia on September 21, 1995. However, Hamasaki soon left from the record label and became a pop singer under Avex Trax. In January 2008, he collaborated with Thelma Aoyama in a song "This Day" on her CD single "Soba ni Iru ne". In June 2008, he released his single "Mō Ichi do...", featuring Beni. It sold over two million ringtone downloads. Soon after "Mō Ichi Do..." released an album named "12 Love Stories" including "Mō Ichi do..." as well as other collaboration songs with YU-A (from Foxxi misQ), Thelma Aoyama, JUJU and many more. The album was ranked as No. 3 on the weekly Oricon chart making it Dohzi-T's highest ranked album.

</doc>
<doc id="20513147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513147" title="Okrog pri Motniku">
Okrog pri Motniku

Okrog pri Motniku is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Spodnji Okrog" to "Okrog pri Motniku" in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20513149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513149" title="Daniel Scott (writer)">
Daniel Scott (writer)

Daniel Scott is an American fiction writer best known for his discussions of marginalized characters of American society. He has also been cited as an "almost post-gay" writer in that he sometimes employs gay characters whose sexuality is not necessarily a driving force of the story. Scott has been the recipient of awards from various organizations including the Christopher Isherwood Foundation, the New York Foundation for the Arts and the MacDowell Colony. Born November 17, 1963 in Milton, Massachusetts, he currently lives in New York City. 
Books.
His first book, "Some of Us Have to Get Up in the Morning", was published in 2001 and contains the stories "Bypass," "Cookout," "Fluency," "The Whereabouts of Me," "Infection," "The Right of Way," "Upside-down Heart," "Ice Machine," "Cleanser," "Fellow Feeling" and "The Host." His second book, "Pay This Amount", published in 2008, comprises the stories "The Runt," "Hazards Arising," "Pay This Amount," "The Day Manager," "Stickers," "Lëtzebuergesch," "Marginalia," "Fish Tanks," "In the Dwelling" and "Alicia Sturtz, Index of."

</doc>
<doc id="20513158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513158" title="Jaane Kya Baat Hui">
Jaane Kya Baat Hui

Jaane Kya Baat Hui is an Indian television series which premiered on Colors on December 1, 2008. It replaced the reality show Bigg Boss which ended on November 22, 2008. The series was produced by Prem Krishen of Cinevistaas Limited and starred Shweta Tiwari and Sanjeet Bedi in the leads. The show ended due to low TRPs, despite its strong theme. Jaane Kya Baat Hui had repeats on Rishtey from September 3, 2012 to February 15, 2013.
Plot.
The story takes off after 10 years of Aradhna's marriage to Shailendra Sareen. Everybody loves her, except for Brinda, Bharat's wife. Brinda wants her status in the family to strengthened and to also have a part of the property of her share; (for her children Sagar and Simran) The show deals with the extramarital affairs of Shailendra-; And him never loving/finding time to spend with Aradhna. Sameera, a girl who worked with Shailendra as his new secretary, and he continuously started to have an secret affair with her, even while Aradhna was working with him in the office. Unfortunately Aradhna witnessed one of the moments with Sameera and Shailendra and totally broke up. Finally, in greed, Shailendra agrees to always maintain his relationship with Aradhna and not betray her by making relationships with women that he employs. Unfortunately, one day an evil woman named Raveena decides to dupe Shailendra into her charms and turn him against Aradhna to gain his full trust to gain his property and business. Shailendra, who was blindfolded by Raveena, lent her money to buy a flat of her own (because at the time she was staying in a hotel), and she lied to Shailendra that she had financial problems. Meanwhile, Shantanu (the Sareens' family friend), and Chandar (Shailendra's elder brother), plotted many plans to eliminate Raveena from Shailendra's life. A few of these plans were not successful. 
Unfortunately Sanjana and Vrinda was also sided with Raveena just for the money and their side of the property. They never managed to realise the importance of Aradhna in the Sareen house, therefore never learnt their lesson.
In the end Aradhna achieves her goal (to get Shailendra out of Raveena's clutches), and Shailendra is sorry for his unacceptable actions. Aradhna does not forgive Shailendra fully, but instead says that if he was treated in the same way that she was, how would he feel, and the serial ended on a puzzling note.

</doc>
<doc id="20513167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513167" title="Play God">
Play God

Play God is the 1991 album by heavy metal band Reverend. This album was Reverend's second (and last) full-length release. "Play God" also marks the departure of bassist Dennis O'Hara and drummer Rick Basha, who were replaced by Angelo Espino and Jason Ian respectively. This album includes a cover of Creedence Clearwater Revival's "Fortunate Son".

</doc>
<doc id="20513173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513173" title="Okroglo, Kamnik">
Okroglo, Kamnik

Okroglo is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20513185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513185" title="Konrad Ryushin Marchaj">
Konrad Ryushin Marchaj

Konrad Ryushin Marchaj is the abbot of Zen Mountain Monastery, the mainhouse of the Mountains and Rivers Order (MRO) of Zen Buddhism, founded by John Daido Loori, Roshi from whom Marchaj received shiho in June 2009. Ryushin has been living in full-time residence at the Monastery since 1992 and became abbot there following Daido Roshi's death in 2009. As abbot and resident teacher, he oversees the training and operations of the Monastery, working closely with Geoffrey Shugen Arnold, Sensei, who is the head of the Mountains and Rivers Order. Ryushin came to the dharma through Vipassana meditation, eventually shifting to Zen practice and taking Daido Roshi as his teacher. Prior to ordination, Ryushin was a pediatrician and a psychiatrist. His dharma talks and other teachings have appeared in The Mountain Record and as a free podcast on WZEN.org. They are also available for purchase through the Monastery Store .

</doc>
<doc id="20513227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513227" title="Ushirogami Hikaretai">
Ushirogami Hikaretai

Ushirogami Hikaretai (うしろ髪ひかれ隊) is a Japanese idol Jpop band, created in 1987 and disbanded in 1988, third sub-group of Onyanko Club, consisting of three of its members: Akiko Ikuina, Makiko Saito, and Shizuka Kudo who also begins as a soloist in 1987 with a huge success after the band's break-up. Like its sister-band Ushiroyubi Sasaregumi, they sang theme songs for the anime series "High School! Kimengumi".
In October 2008, its producer Yasushi Akimoto announces its re-formation as Watarirouka Hashiritai with four members from his new production AKB48, modern successor of Onyanko Club. So far, Watarirouka Hashiritai has performed the second Blue Dragon (anime) opening .

</doc>
<doc id="20513228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513228" title="2009 Brisbane Lions season">
2009 Brisbane Lions season

This article covers the 2009 AFL season results for AFL team, the Brisbane Lions.
Squad for 2009.
"Statistics are correct as of start of 2009 season."

</doc>
<doc id="20513232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513232" title="Human rights in Qatar">
Human rights in Qatar

The state of human rights in Qatar remains a concern for several non-governmental organizations, although there have been several noted improvements since Sheikh Hamad seized power in the mid-1990s. Under his leadership, the Emirate entered a period of rapid liberalization and modernization, while maintaining its Islamic identity. Among other things, the country is known for being the first country among Arab States of the Persian Gulf to allow women the right to vote.
According to Human Rights Watch in June 2012 hundreds of thousands of mostly South Asian migrant workers in construction in Qatar risk serious exploitation and abuse, sometimes amounting to forced labor.
Labour.
Forced labour.
According to the US State Department, expatriate workers from nations throughout Asia and parts of Africa are routinely subjected to forced labor and, in some instances, prostitution. Most of these people voluntarily migrate to Qatar as low-skilled laborers or domestic servants, but are subsequently subjected to conditions indicative of involuntary servitude. Some of the more common labor rights violations include beatings, withholding of payment, charging workers for benefits which are nominally the responsibility of the amir, severe restrictions on freedom of movement (such as the confiscation passports, travel documents, or exit permits), arbitrary detention, threats of legal action, and sexual assault. Many migrant workers arriving for work in Qatar have paid exorbitant fees to recruiters in their home countries – a practice that makes workers highly vulnerable to forced labor once in Qatar.
Like other Persian Gulf nations, Qatar has sponsorship laws, which have been widely criticized as "modern-day slavery." Under the provisions of Qatar's sponsorship law, sponsors have the unilateral power to cancel workers' residency permits, deny workers' ability to change employers, report a worker as "absconded" to police authorities, and deny permission to leave the country. As a result, sponsors may restrict workers' movements and workers may be afraid to report abuses or claim their rights, which contribute to their forced labor situation.
Domestic servants are particularly vulnerable to trafficking since they are isolated inside homes and are not covered under the provisions of the labor law. Qatar is also a destination for women who migrate for legitimate purposes and subsequently become involved in prostitution, but the extent to which these women are subjected to forced prostitution is unknown. Some of these victims may be runaway domestic workers who have fallen prey to forced prostitution by individuals who exploit their illegal status.
The Government states that it is doing a good job with regards to human rights and treatment of labourers. The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) was established in 2002 to safeguard and consolidate human rights for everyone subject to the jurisdiction under the state. In a bid to combat Human trafficking, Sheikha Mozah bint Nasser Al-Missned established the Qatar Foundation on Combating Human Trafficking (QFCHT). To promote more awareness in this area, the Ritz-Carlton Doha, created the World's largest Cake for the QFCHT Sculpture.
Qatari contracting agency Barwa is building a residential area for labourers known as Barwa Al Baraha (also called Workers City). The project was launched after a recent scandal in Dubai's Labour camps, and aims to provide a reasonable standard of living as defined by the new Human Rights Legislation. The overall cost of the project is estimated at around $1.1 billion and will be an integrated city in the Industrial area of Doha. Along with 4.25 square metres of living space per person, the residential project will provide recreational areas and services for labourers. Phase one of the project is set to be completed at the end of 2008 while all phases will be complete by mid 2010.
FIFA World Cup preparations and reported abuses.
The construction boom in advance of Qatar hosting the 2022 FIFA World Cup has reportedly led to an increase in human rights abuses. In 2013 Amnesty International published reports showing that unpaid migrant workers were left to go hungry. According to the report, workers are being "treated like cattle" According to a report by the Guardian (and based on documents obtained at the Nepalese embassy in Qatar) dozens of Nepalese migrant labourers had died in Qatar in just a few weeks around in September 2013, and thousands more were enduring appalling labour abuses. According to their analysis, current construction practices will have resulted in over 4,000 deaths by the time of the 2022 event. As of December 2013, FIFA has investigated but taken no action to force Qatar to improve worker conditions.
Immigrant labor and human trafficking.
Qatar is a destination for men and women from South Asia and Southeast Asia who migrate willingly, but are subsequently trafficked into involuntary servitude as domestic workers and laborers, and, to a lesser extent, commercial sexual exploitation. The most common offense was forcing workers to accept worse contract terms than those under which they were recruited. Other offenses include bonded labor, withholding of pay, restrictions on movement, arbitrary detention, and physical, mental, and sexual abuse.
According to the "Trafficking in Persons" report by the U.S. State Department, men and women who are lured into Qatar by promises of high wages are often forced into underpaid labor. The report states that Qatari laws against forced labor are rarely enforced, and that labor laws often result in the detention of victims in deportation centers, pending the completion of legal proceedings. The report places Qatar at tier 3, as one of the countries that neither satisfies the minimum standards, nor demonstrates significant efforts to come into compliance.
The government maintains that it is setting the benchmark when it comes to human rights and treatment of laborers.
In common with other Arab countries of the Persian Gulf, sponsorship laws exist in Qatar. These laws have been widely described as akin to modern-day slavery. The sponsorship system ("kafeel" or "kafala") exists throughout the GCC, apart from Bahrain, and means that a worker (not a tourist) may not enter the country without having a "kafeel"; cannot leave without the "kafeel"`s permission (an exit permit must first be awarded by the sponsor, or "kafeel"); and the sponsor has the right to ban the employee from entering Qatar within 2–5 years of his first departure. Various governmental sponsors have recently exercised their right to prevent employees from leaving the country, effectively holding them against their will for no good reason. Some individuals after resigning have not been issued with their exit permits, denying them their basic right to leave the country. Many sponsors do not allow the transfer of one employee to another sponsor. This does not apply to special sponsorship of a Qatar Financial Center-sponsored worker, where it is encouraged and regulated that sponsorship should be uninhibited and assistance should be given to allow for such transfers of sponsorship.
Barwa, a Qatari contracting agency, is constructing a residential area for laborers known as Barwa Al Baraha (also called "Worker's City"). The project was launched after a recent scandal in Dubai's labor camps. The project aims to provide a reasonable standard of living as defined by the new Human Rights Legislation. The Barwa Al Baraha will cost around $1.1 billion and will be a completely integrated city in the industrial area in Doha. Along with 4.25 square meters of living space per person, the residential project will provide parks, recreational areas, malls, and shops for laborers. Phase one of the project was set to be completed by the end of 2008, and the project itself is set to be completed by the middle of 2010.
Women's rights.
Women in Qatar vote and may run for public office. Qatar enfranchised women at the same time as men in connection with the 1999 elections for a Central Municipal Council. These elections—the first ever in Qatar—were deliberately held on 8 March 1999, International Women's Day.
Qatar sent female athletes to the 2012 Summer Olympics that began on 27 July in London.
Individual rights.
Capital punishment.
Qatar retains the death penalty, primarily for espionage, or other threats against national security. Apostasy is also considered a capital offense, but there have been no recorded applications of the death penalty for this charge.
Corporal punishment.
Flogging is used in Qatar as a punishment for alcohol consumption or illicit sexual relations. According to Amnesty International, in 2012 at least six foreign nationals were sentenced to floggings of either 40 or 100 lashes.
Residency and naturalization.
Qatar is one of known countries of huge discrimination between expatriates and citizens, Qatar does not maintain wage standards for its immigrant labor, and does not permit labor-unions. Under the provisions of Qatar's sponsorship law, sponsors have the unilateral power to cancel workers' residency permits, deny workers' ability to change employers, report a worker as "absconded" to police authorities, and deny permission to leave the country. As a result, sponsors may restrict workers' movements and workers may be afraid to report abuses or claim their rights.
Qatar's government is keen to protect the status quo and doesn't want to compromise its cultural values or standard of living by allowing foreigners to become a permanent part of society. The only route to becoming a naturalized citizen is by marriage to a national; even this, however, doesn't guarantee citizenship, particularly for non-Muslims.
In exceptional circumstances only, Qatar's ruler might grant citizenship to a foreigner who has provided outstanding service to the state over a number of years. A generous employer might reward a loyal worker who has made a major contribution to the company over many years by providing him with a work and residence permit renewable each year, till the employee reach age of 60. After one's retirement, however, the employer would have to be a figure of considerable influence to maintain this gift and satisfy the labor authorities. In this case, one wouldn't be a citizen, but merely be allowed to remain in the country indefinitely based on yearly renewable permits, in most of cases the retired person who reach 60 years old has to leave the country and end his contract but he can return under special visa granting.
Also Qatari authorities oblige the employers for not issuing a contract for more than 20 consecutive years, there is no chance for workers and employees to get the visa renewed if the contract has passed 20 years with same employer. this because Qatari government does not want to adhere itself to pay pensions or retirement end of service for people who lived for 20 years, and at the same time avoiding the dilemma that this person may ask for nationality or citizenship.
Children of foreigners born in Qatar don't have rights of local citizenship and automatically assume the nationality of the parents. Only if the father is a national of Qatar, the child will usually be granted local nationality and may later become a national of Qatar and obtain a local passport. if the father is foreigner and mother is Qatari citizen the child is not allowed for any citizenship rights.
In many cases, the child isn't affected, but any children that he has might not enjoy the same rights of nationality, citizenship, abode, etc. as his parents and grandparents.
Gender equality.
Qatari women have made significant legal and social advancements since the 1990s. Sheikha Mozah has been a vocal advocate for women's issues, supporting women's conferences, higher education opportunities and the creation of a cabinet level position in the government dedicated to women's concerns.
As a result of these advancements, Qatari women have many career opportunities, including leadership positions, in education, banking, charitable projects, health and human services, tourism, law, civil service and even diplomacy. According to the embassy of Qatar women play various roles in the field of Education, Health, Legal, Journalism, Aviation, Banking, Politics, Finance, and Tourism.
36%–42% of Qatari women are in the workforce and experts say women are moving forward with more rights.
In 1999, Qatar came to allow women to legally vote and gain senior positions in government, either by being appointed or elected.
LGBT rights in Qatar.
Sodomy between consenting male adults in Qatar is illegal, and subject to a sentence of up to five years in prison. Sodomy between consenting female adults is legal in Qatar. Sexual orientation and gender identity are not covered in any civil rights laws and there is no recognition of same-sex marriages, civil unions or domestic partnerships.
Freedom of expression.
Freedom of expression is the political right to communicate one's opinions and ideas. A life sentence was handed to critics of government during the 2012 United Nations Climate Change Conference in Qatar to a Qatari poet Mohammed al-Ajami, also known as Mohammed Ibn al-Dheeb. Observers were not allowed to enter the court, and al-Ajami himself was not present at the sentencing. All the information available points to Mohammed al-Ajami being a prisoner of conscience who has been placed behind bars solely for his words.
Freedom of religion.
Qatar is a Muslim-majority nation, with 76% of its population adhering to Islam. The government uses Sunni law as the basis of its criminal and civil regulations. However, some measure of religious toleration is granted. Foreign workers, and tourists, are free to affiliate with other faiths, i.e. Christians, Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, and Bahá'ís, as long as they are discreet and do not offend public order or morality.
For example, in March 2008 the Roman Catholic church "Our Lady of the Rosary" was consecrated in Doha. However, in keeping with the need to be discreet, no missionaries are allowed and the church will not have any bells, crosses or other overtly Christian signs on its exterior.
Office of human rights in the MOFA of Qatar.
Article 21 of the law 39/2005 regarding ministry of foreign affairs stipulate the formation of "Office for human rights". One of its main missions is to prepare answers on the claims or reports of foreign countries and organizations on the situation of human rights inside the state.
Historical situation.
The following chart shows Qatar's ratings since 1972 in the Freedom in the World reports, published annually by Freedom House. A rating of 1 is "free"; 7, "not free".

</doc>
<doc id="20513244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513244" title="Pierre Nzila">
Pierre Nzila

Pierre Nzila is a Congolese politician. A member of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT), he served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville as Minister of Basic and Secondary Education from 1997 to 1999 and subsequently as Minister of Primary, Secondary and Higher Education from 1999 to 2002. He was a Deputy in the National Assembly of Congo-Brazzaville from 2002 to 2012, heading the National Assembly's Defense and Security Commission throughout that time.
Political career.
Following the June–October 1997 civil war, Nzila was appointed to the government as Minister of Basic and Secondary Education on 2 November 1997. Subsequently he was appointed as Minister of Primary and Secondary Education, Higher Education, and Scientific Research on 12 January 1999.
In the May–June 2002 parliamentary election, Nzila was elected to the National Assembly as the PCT candidate in the Okoyo constituency of Cuvette West Region, winning the seat in the second round of voting. After the election, he was not included in the government that was appointed on 18 August 2002, and he was elected as President of the National Assembly's Defense and Security Commission on 24 August 2002. He took up the latter post on 5 September 2002.
In the 2007 parliamentary election, Nzila stood again as the URN candidate in Okoyo constituency. In the first round, he placed first with 30.76% of the vote against 20.59% for ACCORD candidate Martin Oyali. Nzila then won the seat in the second round of voting. Following that election, Nzila retained his post as President of the Defense and Security Commission when the National Assembly began meeting for the new parliamentary term in September 2007.
At the Sixth Extraordinary Congress of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT), held in July 2011, Nzila was elected to the PCT's 471-member Central Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20513248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513248" title="George Lascelles">
George Lascelles

George Lascelles may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20513252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513252" title="The American Home">
The American Home

The American Home was a monthly magazine published in the United States from 1928 to 1977. Its subjects included domestic architecture, interior design, landscape design, and gardening.
"The American Home" was a continuation of the magazine "Garden & Home Builder". It was published by Nelson Doubleday of Doubleday, Doran & Company. Ellen Diffin Wangner edited the first issues, October 1928 to March 1929. "The American Home" lost money its first four years, and occasionally entire issues would be omitted. William Herbert Eaton, its circulation manager, became publisher in 1932, and subsequently bought the magazine in 1935, forming American Home Publishing Company, which continued to publish it in New York City until he sold the magazine in 1958 to Curtis Publishing Company, its single-copy distributor. Under Eaton, the magazine was refocused toward the upper middle class reader, leaving the higher end of the home market to fellow Doubleday magazine "Country Life", which Eaton also bought.
By 1953, "The American Home" had a paid circulation of over 3 million copies, reaching a peak circulation of 3.7 million in 1962. As part of its desire to move out of mass circulation publications, Curtis sold the magazine in 1968 to Downe Communications. John Mack Carter purchased the magazine in 1973, and it was acquired in late 1975 by the Charter Company. 
In 1975 Charter Company President and Chairman Raymond K. Mason installed Leda Sanford as president, publisher and editor-in-chief with a mandate to re-position the magazine and stem losses by attracting new readership. The publication saw slight gains,
After several years of losses, and in an era that saw the closure of the mass circulation magazines "Life", "Look", and "The Saturday Evening Post", the last issue of "American Home", with a cover date of February 1978, was published in late 1977. It was then merged with the Charter magazine "Redbook".

</doc>
<doc id="20513258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513258" title="Oševek">
Oševek

Oševek is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20513283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513283" title="Reidar Grønhaug">
Reidar Grønhaug

Reidar Grønhaug (2 December 1938 – 2005) was a Norwegian social anthropologist.
He was born in Stavanger. He took his mag.art. degree in 1967, and started working as a lector at the University of Bergen. He was promoted to associate professor in 1972, took his dr.philos. degree on the thesis "Micro-Macro Relations: Social Organization in Antalya, Southern Turkey" in 1975 and became a professor in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20513289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513289" title="Kaha">
Kaha

The word kaha can refer to several different things:
Other.
"Kaha" is also a Sanskrit term meaning "to speak".

</doc>
<doc id="20513302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513302" title="Kristen Holbø">
Kristen Holbø

Kristen Holbø (13 September 1869 – 19 October 1953) was a Norwegian painter and illustrator, most noted for his landscapes.
Biography.
He was born on Sygard Holbø in Vågå in Oppland county, Norway. He studied under Knud Bergslien in 1890, Eilif Peterssen and Harriet Backer in 1893 and 1894, and under Kristian Zahrtmann during the winters from 1897 to 1902. In 1909, Holbø held his first solo exhibition in Christiania Art Society. Holbø lived in Vågå until 1912, when the family moved to Lillehammer. From 1946 he received the National Artist salary.
His painting had a distinctly home-like tone, with a broad brush and robust palette. He often portrayed his home village and surrounding mountains of Gudbrandsdalen. As a landscape painter he described first and foremost his hometown, and also the mountainous area of Jotunheimen. During several summers, he also painted from Hvasser and Tjøme, both in Vestfold county. He is represented with eleven paintings and two illustrations in the National Gallery of Norway.
Personal life.
Holbø was married in 1905 to Anna Harildstad (1871–1958). He was the father of Norwegian artist, Halvdan Holbø.

</doc>
<doc id="20513323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513323" title="Rita Wong">
Rita Wong

Rita Wong (born 1968) is a Canadian poet.
Biography.
Wong grew up in Calgary, Alberta and currently lives in Vancouver, British Columbia. She is the author of two books of poetry, "monkeypuzzle" and "forage". Her work investigates the relationships between social justice, ecology, decolonization, and contemporary poetics. Wong is an assistant professor at the Emily Carr University of Art and Design, teaching Critical and Cultural Studies. She has another course in development, Cultivating Ecological, Cross-Cultural, and Interdisciplinary Contemplations of Water. She is also a visiting instructor at the University of Miami.
Education.
Wong graduated with a BA (Hons) in 1990 from the University of Calgary. She received Masters degrees in 1992 from the University of Alberta and in 1996 from the University of British Columbia. In 2002 she received her PhD from Simon Fraser University.
Published works.
"monkeypuzzle".
Wong's first poetry collection, "monkeypuzzle", was published by Press Gang in 1998. Reviewer Sook C. Kong in "Herizons" called it "a huge achievement." Mark Libin for "Canadian Literature" agreed that the collection "does indeed, as the book jacket declares, announce a promising new voice in Canadian literature." Wong's poems in the volume address her identity as a bisexual Asian woman.
"forage".
"forage", a second collection, was published in 2007; it explores how ecological crises relate to the injustices of the international political landscape. In Wong's words, "the next shift may be the biggest one yet, the union of the living, from mosquito to manatee to mom." Aaron Giovannone in "Canadian Literature" called the book "a dynamic mixture of styles ... coheres because of the author’s voice, which is emboldened by a sense of sheer affront and the need to find “ground to push against, red earth, / bloody earth, stolen earth.”" The book won the 2008 Dorothy Livesay Prize.
Wong and the Environment.
Wong's poetry often addresses her relationship with her environment. Her poems show a close connection with nature and a support for local product, while expressing distaste for genetically modified foods. In forage, her poem 'the girl who ate rice almost every day' encourages the reader to look up Monsanto in the US patent database, and see how many patents there are for genetically modified foods, including the type of foods affected. There is also a poem, 'canola queasy' dedicated to Percy Schmeiser, the Saskatchewan farmer sued by Monsanto because he intentionally propagated genetically engineered canola that had blown into his fields. Her work challenges the reader to think about how they affect their environment. For instance, in 'sort by day burn by night' Wong brings attention to Guiyu village, a small village in China whose main profit comes from disassembling circuit boards, usually with a sharp rock because they cannot afford a hammer. When asked about her own computer use Wong notes, "as someone who relies heavily on computers, I am implicated in the degradation and eventual destruction of ecosystems (mining for coltan)", but writes to try to "reconcile intent (to work toward peace and social justice) with [her consumption patterns as a citizen in North America".

</doc>
<doc id="20513326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513326" title="Lee Jung-jae">
Lee Jung-jae

Lee Jung-jae (born 15 March 1973) is a South Korean actor. He debuted as a fashion model, then began his acting career on television, notably in the campus series "Feelings" (1994) and the iconic drama "Sandglass" (1995). After his acting breakthrough in "An Affair" (1998), Lee's film career took off. He has starred in a variety of film genres, among them romantic films such as "Il Mare" (2000) and "Over the Rainbow" (2002), melodrama "Last Present" (2001), comedy "Oh! Brothers" (2003), action films "The Last Witness" (2001) and "Typhoon" (2005), heist film "The Thieves" (2012), and film noir "New World" (2013). He won Best Actor awards at the Blue Dragon Film Awards for "City of the Rising Sun" (1999), and at the Fantasporto Director's Week for "The Housemaid" (2010).
Career.
Lee Jung-jae was discovered by designer Ha Yong-soo while he was working at a café in Apgujeong, then worked as a fashion model for a number of years. Upon making his acting debut with the 1993 TV drama "Dinosaur Teacher", Lee became a star practically overnight, and was almost always cast in lead roles thereafter. A year later, he received favorable reviews for his first big screen role in Bae Chang-ho's "The Young Man", but it was the 1994 hit drama "Feelings" that made him a household name. 
In 1995 what was supposed to be a small supporting role as the heroine's silent, devoted bodyguard in ratings behemoth "Sandglass" turned Lee into a national heartthrob, such that his screen time was increased throughout the series' run. His acting breakthrough would come in late 1998 in the award-winning film "An Affair" by E J-yong. This was followed up by another success, "City of the Rising Sun", for which he received a Best Actor award at the domestic Blue Dragon Film Awards ceremony.
Though his time-travel romance "Il Mare" was not a popular success in 2000, since then it has developed a loyal fan base a la "Somewhere in Time" and attained the status of a minor classic among Korean cinema fans (Keanu Reeves played Lee's role in the 2006 Hollywood remake "The Lake House"). 
After starring in the Korean-Japanese coproduction "Asako in Ruby Shoes", released in December 2000, Lee found considerable popular success in a melodrama titled "Last Present", where he was cast opposite Lee Young-ae, and in the action/mystery/drama "The Last Witness" directed by Bae Chang-ho. In 2002 he starred in the romance "Over the Rainbow" with Jang Jin-young.
In 2003 he starred opposite Lee Beom-soo in "Oh! Brothers", a comic drama about two brothers, one of whom has an unusual disease. The film was one of Lee's biggest hits ever, topping three million admissions at the local box office. Nonetheless he remained out of the limelight for the next couple years. Finally at the end of 2005 he returned in "Typhoon", a big-budget action blockbuster by Kwak Kyung-taek, the director of "Friend".
Lee's much-anticipated return to television a decade after his memorable turn in "Sandglass" was not successful ratings-wise; "Air City" and "Triple" both flopped.
With the period action comedy "The Accidental Gangster and the Mistaken Courtesan", Lee said he wanted to try his hand at playing a different kind of role, a comical loose cannon type of character. Though it was not successful at the box office, he still considers it one of his most memorable films.
In August 2008 Lee was awarded his master's degree from Dongguk University's Department of Theater & Film Art in the Graduate School of Cultural Arts. He made his first foray into theater in December of that same year, taking on the titular role in "Hamlet in Water". The play ran for four days at his alma mater's Lee Hae-rang Theater. 
He then starred in the high-profile 2010 erotic thriller "The Housemaid", which screened at the Cannes Film Festival, and Toronto International Film Festival. Lee nabbed a Best Actor award at the Fantasporto Director's Week. As his next project, he joined the star-studded ensemble cast of "The Thieves", a 2012 heist film that became the second all-time highest grossing movie in Korean cinema history. 
"El Fin del Mundo" ("The End of the World") is a 13-minute split screen film made by visual artists Moon Kyung-won and Jeon Joon-ho, which depicts the destructive environmental changes the world faces in the future and the subsequent end of art and birth of new art based on dialogue between two artists in different times and space, played by Lee and Im Soo-jung. The film was screened at dOCUMENTA in 2012, considered the world's most prestigious and innovative contemporary art platform. A longtime art collector and honorary ambassador for the National Museum of Contemporary Art in 2011-2012, Lee also narrated the TV documentary "Contemporary Art, Bury the Boundary" which highlighted homegrown Korean artists. 
In 2013 noir thriller "New World", he played a police officer who goes undercover in a crime organization. Lee said he was grateful to co-star Choi Min-sik, who suggested casting him to the director. He later signed on to be exclusively managed by C-JeS Entertainment, reportedly choosing the agency after he worked with Song Ji-hyo in "New World".
Lee next played Prince Suyang opposite Song Kang-ho in the period film "The Face Reader", for which he won Best Supporting Actor at the Blue Dragon Film Awards.
Personal life.
Lee dated actress Kim Min-hee for three years; the couple broke up in late 2006. He has denied rumors romantically linking him with Lim Sae-ryung, the ex-wife of Samsung Group heir apparent Lee Jae-yong. 
Apart from his acting, Lee is known for having launched a chain of upscale Italian restaurants in Seoul named after his movie "Il Mare". Having studied interior design, he himself took responsibility for designing the interiors of his restaurants. Lee also founded the real estate development company Seorim C&D in 2008.
Lee says he enjoys art exhibitions, ballet performances and music concerts when he's off work, and often hangs out with actor Jung Woo-sung, his best friend since they starred together in "City of the Rising Sun".

</doc>
<doc id="20513337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513337" title="Miracle Centre Cathedral">
Miracle Centre Cathedral

The Miracle Centre Cathedral is the largest Pentecostal church in Kampala, the capital of Uganda. The building, in the Rubaga district of Kampala, has a capacity of 10,500, and the church claims to be the biggest auditorium in East Africa. 
The church's Senior Pastor is Robert Kayanja, who preaches prosperity theology, focussing on the creation of wealth and denouncing beggars. Kayanja is the younger brother of Anglican Archbishop of York John Sentamu, who preached at the cathedral in 2005. 
The Cathedral was built at a cost of US$7 million, half of which was donated by a South Korean woman who was healed after Kayanja prayed for her. 
According to Kayanja, the Cathedral's congregation has planted over 1,000 other Miracle Centre Churches across Uganda, and over 2 million Ugandans have professed faith in Christ at its crusades. Its charitable work in Kampala includes care for street children, orphans and people with AIDS. 

</doc>
<doc id="20513345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513345" title="Poltava (poem)">
Poltava (poem)

Poltava () is a narrative poem written by Aleksandr Pushkin in 1828-9 about the involvement of the Ukrainian Cossack hetman Ivan Mazepa in the Battle of Poltava between Sweden and Russia. The poem intertwines a love plot between Mazepa and Maria with an account of Mazepa's betrayal of Tsar Peter I and Peter's victory in battle. Although often considered one of Pushkin's lesser works and critiqued as unabashedly imperialistic, a number of critics have praised the poem for its depth of characterization and its ability to synthesize disparate genres. The poem inspired Tchaikovsky's 1884 opera "Mazeppa".
Outline of the poem.
The poem opens with an epigraph from Byron's 1819 "Mazeppa", which depicts the Hetman as a Romantic hero, exiled from Poland for conducting a love affair with a married noblewoman. Pushkin follows this epigraph with a passionate dedication to an anonymous loved one. The first edition carried a foreword [предисловие] in which Puskhin objects to the heroic presentation of Ivan Mazepa in works by other writers and his intention to correct them by depicting him as he actually was. 
The poem itself is divided into three parts - or "songs" [песни] - of roughly equal length. Part I opens by setting the scene in the estate of the nobleman Vasily Kochubei, and describing the beauty of his daughter Maria. Maria has fallen in love with the Hetman Mazepa, who is her godfather and much older than she is: therefore they keep their love secret. However, they are quickly discovered, and are forced to elope, which brings shame on the family and leaves their parents scared. 
The narrative then switches to a description of the political trouble in Ukraine: there is a significant support for a break with Russia; Mazepa is supporting the rebels. Kochubei vows to take revenge upon Mazepa for breaking the bond of trust between them and eloping with Maria. He has remained loyal to the Tsar sends a messenger to denounce the Hetman to the Tsar.
Most of Part II is written as a dramatic dialogue in the tradition of closet drama. Mazepa is focused on his plans to rebel against the Tsar, and Maria is worried that he no longer loves her. He asks her to promise that she would always choose him over her father, but declines to tell her of his betrayal of the Tsar.
Meanwhile, Kochubei has been captured by the rebels and he is tortured and interrogated by Orlik. The rebels demand to know where he has hidden his money but he declines to reply. Maria's mother comes to find her and help her save her father; but they arrive too late: Kochubei has already been executed. Mazepa is tormented on discovering Maria's disappearance and sets out to look for her.
Part III switches back to a single third-person narrator. Mazepa's mental and physical health is failing and he falls for the last rites, while King Charles XII of Sweden is preparing for battle against Peter I. Peter I and his cavalry arrive and defeat the Swedish army and the Ukrainian rebels. Mazepa does little fighting and flees the battlefield as fast as he can. He finds he can no longer sleep and sees Maria again, although the poem leaves it unclear whether this is a hallucination or an actual event. In a memorable passage, Maria no longer recognizes him, because she sees him for what he truly is: a ridiculous and horrible old man.
The poem closes with a reflection by the narrator after one hundred years, claiming that while Mazepa is now forgotten, Peter I, the hero of the battle, has created an enormous monument for himself. The narrator tells us that he does not know the fate of Maria.
Historical Sources and Inspiration.
Ivan Mazepa, Vasily Kochubei, and Kochubei's daughter Maria (Matryona) are historical figures. According to historians, it is true that Mazepa had a romantic interest in Maria and she went to live in his home, but whether they were involved in a relationship is unclear. In reality, Mazepa and Maria did not elope: Kochubei removed her from Mazepa's home and sent her to a convent.
It is true that Kochubei denounced Mazepa to Peter in 1706 for conspiring against him with Charles XII of Sweden, but it is unclear if Kochubei had evidence of this alleged conspiracy. However, in 1708 Charles and Mazepa did sign a secret treaty, and they did fight against Peter I in the battle of Poltava.
As Pushkin's Foreword makes clear, he had read a number of sympathetic treatments of Ivan Mazepa and was seeking to respond to them. He was responding both to Byron's "Mazeppa" and to a poem "Voinarovskii" by the Russian Decembrist poet Konstantin Ryleev which praises Mazepa.
Analysis.
This poem has received considerably less attention than Pushkin's other narrative poems, and its reception has been mixed. A.D.P. Briggs sees Pushkin's fusion genres and subject matter as unsuccessful, calls it overly-long - at nearly 1500 lines it is one of the longest of Pushkin's narrative poems - and protests the lack of variety in rhyme. Babinski also makes the charge that the disparate elements in the poem are not well-integrated, suggesting the poem is "not a continuous narrative… barely a narrative poem at all, more like a three-act play with an all-purpose narrator to keep the material together."
Several critics have made the charge that "Poltava" is an apology for Russian Imperialism. J.P. Pauls (1962) accuses Pushkin of "propagating the Russian imperialistic cause" and "distorting" historical truth. This view is echoed by Svetlana Evdokimova (1999), who contrasts what she sees as unabashed patriotism of "Poltava" with the richer, more ambiguous portrayal of Peter I and Empire in "The Bronze Horseman" (1833). Pushkin's biographer Henri Troyat suggested that Pushkin deliberately wrote a pro-Imperial poem in order to assuage Tsar Nicholas I, who was suspicious of his political loyalties after his return from exile.
Soviet critics tended to be more sympathetic towards the poem. V.M. Zhirmunskii (1924) sees the poem as the moment of Pushkin's decisive break with Byron, arguing that Pushkin uses a moral and historical perspective to create psychological portraits and evaluations of his characters, while Byron relies on emotion alone. S.M. Bondi argues that Pushkin successfully pulls together historical and personal themes and the poem is a valuable meditation on the place of the Russian state among European powers. However, while Pushkin certainly made the claim that he was writing a historically-accurate poem, Babinski points out "for all his insistence upon historicity, Pushkin slanted the facts."
Western critics who have been kinder to "Poltava" have focused on its characterization. John Bayley says that Mazepa "has something of the depth of a Shakespeare portrait". David Bethea also suggests that "Poltava" owes something to Shakespearean characterization. The most sympathetic treatment of the poem is offered in a book-length treatment by Virginia Burns (2005), which praises the poem for its successful characterization, tight structure and the scope of its philosophical inquiry.
Composition and publication.
Pushkin's notebooks show that he began "Poltava" on April 5, 1828, and completed the rest of it in October: Song I on October 3, Song II on October 9, Song III on October 16 and the Dedication on October 27. He finished the Foreword on 31 January 1829 and the poem was published later that year.
Influence.
Tchaikovsky's 1884 opera "Mazeppa" was loosely based on "Poltava".

</doc>
<doc id="20513354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513354" title="Lotoko">
Lotoko

Lotoko, also known by the slang term "pétrole", is a home-distilled alcoholic drink or "moonshine" in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
Lotoko is usually made from maize, but sometimes from cassava or plantain. Heads of corn are cut up and boiled into a mash which is then fermented and distilled using improvised stills made from cut down oil drums. Because of the woody core of the cobs of corn, the alcohol produced contains high levels of methanol which is toxic. Although it is officially banned, because of its high alcohol content (over 50%), its production is widespread in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Lotoko made from cassava or plantains doesn't carry the same methanol risk. 
Lotoko production, being a cottage industry, is very low-tech. It provides its mainly female producers with a degree of financial independence. 
Local NGOs have expressed concern as to its health effects in the communities of Kinshasa, where it costs 200 to 300 FC, compared to 600 FC for commercially brewed beers.
Lotoko is a Lingala word and is known country-wide.

</doc>
<doc id="20513359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513359" title="Knud Bergslien">
Knud Bergslien

Knud Larsen Bergslien (May 15, 1827 – November 27, 1908) was a Norwegian painter, art teacher and master artist. In his art, he frequently portrayed the lives of the Norwegian people, their history and heroes of the past. Bergslien is most associated with his historical paintings, especially "Skiing Birchlegs Crossing the Mountain with the Royal Child".
Background.
Knud Larsen Bergslien was born in Voss, in Hordaland, Norway. His parents were Lars Bergeson Bergslien and Kirsten Knutsdotter Gjelle. Knud Bergslien was the brother of sculptor Brynjulf Bergslien and uncle of painter and sculptor Nils Bergslien. Monuments honoring the three famous Bergslien artists now exist in Bergslien park located in Voss, Hordaland.
Career.
Knud Bergslien enlisted the army when he was 18 years old, but his unusual gift for drawing was soon noticed. After having been a student at the artist Hans Reusch's school of drawing in Bergen, he continued his studies abroad. Bergslien studied in Antwerpen from 1844 to 1852, in Paris from 1850 to 1851 and Düsseldorf from 1855 to 1869. He belonged to the Düsseldorf school of painting and was closely associated with follow artists Hans Fredrik Gude and Adolph Tidemand.
Norwegian artist Johan Fredrik Eckersberg had established an art school on Lille Grensen in Christiania (now Oslo) in 1859. After his death in 1870, the school would be continued by Knud Bergslien together with Morten Müller. Knud Bergslien served as the director of what became the Bergslien School of Painting ("Bergsliens Malerskole"). A whole generation of Norwegian painters became his students, among them Harriet Backer and Edvard Munch. Some of his students emigrated to America including the Norwegian-American artists, Lars Jonson Haukaness, Carl L. Boeckmann and Herbjørn Gausta.
Today, Bergslien is most associated with his historical paintings, especially "Skiing Birchlegs Crossing the Mountain with the Royal Child" (Norwegian: "Birkebeinerne på Ski over Fjeldet med Kongsbarnet"). His depiction of Birkebeiner skiers carrying Prince Haakon to safety during the winter of 1206 has become a national Norwegian icon. The prince grew up to be King Haakon IV whose reign marked the end of the period known as the Civil war era in Norway.
Bergslien was honored by the Oscar II, King of Sweden and Norway with the Order of Vasa, an esteemed order of Knighthood, for his 1875 painting titled "The Crowning of King Oscar II in the Nidaros Cathedral" (Norwegian: "Kong Oscar II's kroning i Nidarosdomen"). Bergslien’s work is represented the National Gallery of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="20513364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513364" title="Babu Kunwar Singh">
Babu Kunwar Singh

Babu Veer Kunwar Singh (1777–1858), one of the leaders of the Indian Rebellion of 1857 belonged to a royal Ujjaini house of Jagdispur, currently a part of Bhojpur district, Bihar state, India. At the age of 80 years, during India’s First War of Independence (1857), he actively led a select band of armed soldiers against the troops under the command of the British East India Company. He was the chief organizer of the fight against the British in Bihar. 
Early life.
Babu Kunwar Singh was born in November 1777 to Raja Shahabzada Singh and Rani Panchratan Devi, in Jagdispur of the Shahabad (now Bhojpur) District, in the state of Bihar. He belongs to ujjain/ujjaini(head clan of all parmar rajputs) Rajput community,Ujjains are considered as head of parmar rajputs as they are directly descendants of Great Raja Bhoj and Great King Vikramaditya Of ujjain(madhya Pradesh). In the early thirteenth century, the Ujjainia Paramar Rajputs (descendants of great Raja Bhoja and Vikramaditya Parmar) of Dhar, Malwa (Ujjain) came to the eastern part (Gaya) of India for doing Pind Daan to their forefathers, and they liked and won the fertile banks of the river Ganges in the western part of Bihar (Shahabad district). They were locally known as Ujjain/ujjaini (Ujjainia) Rajputs because of their place of origin, Ujjain.
Marriage.
Veer kunwar singh married the daughter of Raja Fateh Naraiyan Singh(Mewari sisodiya Rajput) a wealthy zamindar of Gaya district, Bihar and a descendants of Maharana Pratap of Mewar.
War.
He was an expert in the art of guerrilla warfare. He was the first Indian warrior after Shivaji to prove the efficacy of the warfare. His tactics left British puzzled. 
Indian rebellion of 1857.
Kunwar Singh led the rebellion in Bihar. He assumed command of the soldiers who had revolted at Danapur on 5 July 1857. five days later he occupied Arrah, the district headquarter. Major Vincent Eyre relieved the town on 3 August, defeated Kunwar Singh's force and destroyed Jagdishpur. Kunwar Singh left his ancestral village and reached Lucknow in December 1857. Kunwar Singh was nearly eighty and in failing health when he was called upon to take up arms. He gave a good fight and harried British forces for nearly a year and remained invincible until the end. During the rebellion, his army had to cross the Ganges river. Douglas' army began to shoot at their boat. One of the bullets shattered Kunwar Singh's left wrist. Kunwar Singh felt that his hand had become useless and that there was the additional risk of infection due to the bullet-shot. He drew his sword and cut off his left hand near the elbow and offered it to the Ganges. Kunwar Singh assumed command of the soldiers who had revolted at Danapur on 5 July. Two days later he occupied Arrah, the district headquarters. Major Vincent Eyre relieved the town on 3 August, defeated Kunwar Singh's force and destroyed Jagdispur. Kunwar Singh left his ancestral village and reached Lucknow in December 1857. In March 1858 he occupied Azamgarh. However, he had to leave the place soon. Pursued by Brigadier Douglas, he retreated towards his home in Ara, Bihar. On 23 April, Kunwar Singh had a victory near Jagdispur over the force led by Captain Le Grand. On 26 April 1858 he died in his village. The mantle of the old chief now fell on his brother Amar Singh who, despite heavy odds, continued the struggle and for a considerable time, running a parallel government in the district of Shahabad. In October 1859, Amar Singh joined the rebel leaders in the Nepal Terai.
Death.
In his last battle, fought on 23 April 1858, near Jagdispur, the troops under the control of the East India Company were completely routed. On 22 and 23 April being injured he fought bravely against the British Army and with the help of his army drove away the British Army, brought down the Union Jack from Jagdishpur Fort and hoisted his flag. He returned to his palace on 23 April 1858 and soon died on 26 April 1858.
Legacy.
To honour his memory and his contribution to India’s freedom movement, the Republic of India issued a commemorative stamp on 23 April 1966. Named after him, Government of Bihar established Veer Kunwar Singh University, Arrah in 1992.
The ICSE board has in its Hindi text-book (Ekanki Suman) a play (by the name of Vijay Ki Vela, literally: Moment of Victory and Veer Kunwar Singh) on the later part of Veer Kunwar Singh's life, starting from the time he was crossing the river Ganges and finishing with his death, because of his injury.
You may even see his name as a freedom fighter in the poem of 'Jhansi Ki Rani', written by Subhadra Kumari Chauhan.

</doc>
<doc id="20513366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513366" title="Le Follet">
Le Follet

Le Follet is one of the oldest Parisian fashion plate magazines, which makes it a "precious tool" for researching the history of fashion. It was published weekly from November 1829 to 1871, and at one point it merged with "Le Courrier de la Mode".

</doc>
<doc id="20513380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513380" title="Nokia N97">
Nokia N97

Nokia N97 is a touch screen smartphone in the Nseries of smartphones by Nokia, with a slide-out QWERTY keyboard (an AZERTY one is available in France). Announced on 2 December 2008, the N97 is Nokia's second touchscreen phone (after the Nokia 5800 XpressMusic) based on the Symbian OS S60 5th edition platform.
Release.
The Nokia N97 was released in US flagship stores on 9 June 2009, and on 26 June 2009 was released worldwide. In September 2009, two million N97 handsets had been reportedly sold in the three months following release.
The N97 shipped with trial versions of Quick Office, Adobe Reader, Boingo, Joikuspot, Ovi Maps, and Ovi store.
The initial software had mixed reception, prompting the release of new firmware in October 2009. Nokia released the new firmware with kinetic scrolling for the N97 to address the major issues present in the firmware the device launched with.
In October 2009, the N97 Mini, a downsized version of the original N97, was made available. The N97 Mini was generally seen as an improvement over the original N97.
Operating times.
Informal tests have shown that the battery can last nearly two days with regular use of the phone's various features for the original N97. Nokia quoted the following claimed operating times
Applications and options.
With the optional DVB-H Nokia Mobile TV Receiver, SU-33W it is possible to watch television on the phone.
The device can run Skype with an application from the Ovi store. It is compatible with Nokia's N-Gage games.
Reception of the original Nokia N97.
Older firmware issues.
Common criticisms of the original N97 were the relative lack of RAM and free disk space on the C: drive. With only around 50 MB of free RAM available after boot, the phone can become sluggish and close programs in order to conserve memory. Many first party applications also will only install on C: and with around 50 MB of free space, this is used quickly as it is also where temporary OS files are placed. This issue was resolved in the N97 mini as the user often has over 250 MB of free space on C: drive. A memory mapping alteration from firmware version 20 allowed applications to use less RAM and free it up better, helping to ease the strain of a lower amount of free RAM to the end-user.
Anssi Vanjoki, EVP of Markets at Nokia, admitted that quality control in software has been an issue for this device, saying "it has been a tremendous disappointment in terms of the experience quality for the consumers", though, according to Vanjoki, later repaired by firmware updates.
Other criticisms.
Nokia has acknowledged that on many devices, the cover and the lens were mounted too close causing scratches from dust and debris. On later units, Nokia reportedly fixed this issue. 
Others with the original N97 had speed problems with the built in GPS lock. These phones too easily lose track of the current location, making the free turn by turn navigation software provided by Nokia unusable. Users can have both the lens cover and GPS issues fixed under warranty at an official Nokia service centre. 
Despite most Nokia phones having great signal reception, the Nokia N97 did not follow that same tradition. It had very poor overall signal strength, even in comparison to other phones placed side by side to the N97 that were connected to the same network.
The user interface of the S60 5th edition software platform, built on top of Symbian OS 9.4, has been criticized by the site TechRadar as inconsistent because menu items require two taps to be activated.
In 2010 Nokia officially apologized for the amount of customers who have experienced issues with the N97 and the buggy software. This led to a large amount of potential customers choosing brands other than Nokia during this time period.
Despite of the generally lukewarm reviews, the phone sold well.
Nokia N97 Mini.
The N97 Mini is a downsized version of the N97 and has been available since October 2009. The N97 Mini downsized some features of the original N97, such as 8 GB of storage memory, 3.2 inch touchscreen, removal of FM transmitter, and a shorter battery life. It includes however a bigger internal (phone) memory and an improved keyboard. It uses the 2.0 Nokia N97 software by default. There has also been some redesign in the keypad. First, the big D-pad on the left side has been replaced by four arrow keys on the right side. Also there is more space between each keys and the keys are a little bit higher giving a much better feel when typing. Here under are some major changes listed in a table.
A limited edition called the "N97 mini Raoul Limited Edition" has been released in relation with fashion house FJ Benjamin and the Raoul brand. It also features the new "Fashion Asia widget" and went on sale in late October 2009 in Malaysia and Singapore.
Reception.
The user interface of the S60 5th edition software platform, built on top of Symbian OS 9.4, has been criticized by the site TechRadar as inconsistent because menu items require two taps to be activated.
When compared to the original N97, the cheaper N97 mini was reviewed as an improvement, especially its keyboard. 
In spite of the generally poor reviews the phone sold well.

</doc>
<doc id="20513406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513406" title="Pascal Elbé">
Pascal Elbé

Pascal Elbé (born 13 March 1967) is a French actor and director and screenwriter.
Biography.
Pascal Elbe was born in Colmar, Haut-Rhin, France, to a family of middle-class Jewish immigrants from Algeria. He was raised in Strasbourg. At 18, he moved to Paris to study acting.
In 2004, Elbe was nominated for a César Award for Most Promising Actor.

</doc>
<doc id="20513414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513414" title="David Korn">
David Korn

David Korn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20513447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513447" title="Open Market Option">
Open Market Option

The Open Market Option (or OMO) was introduced as part of the 1975 United Kingdom Finance Act and allows someone approaching retirement to ‘shop around’ for a number of options to convert their pension pot into an annuity, rather than simply taking the default rate offered by their pension provider.
The term OMO is now generally used to support a campaign, often led by the pensions industry and the media, to make sure people know the benefits of shopping around. The majority of people still don’t use the Open Market Option in large part because they don’t know they can or don’t realise the benefits of doing so. Retirees who don’t use the OMO and settle for the default deal offered by their pension provider, may be missing out on up to 20% more income from an annuity. This is especially important as retirees cannot change their annuity once it has been purchased.
One of the main reasons that people can get more from an annuity if they shop around is that they may qualify for what is known as an Enhanced Annuity (sometimes known as an Impaired Life Annuity) which pays a higher income to people who suffer from a range of health conditions - anything from asthma to a serious heart condition. There are also other products available that may suit people’s retirement needs better than the default deal offered by a pension provider. One of the best ways to make the most of the Open Market Option is to speak to an Independent Financial Adviser who will explain the different options available at retirement. 
The Association of British Insurers has been working with the retirement industry to improve consumers’ knowledge of the Open Market Option. This includes pensions providers making it much clearer to their customers that they can use the OMO and that they may get a better income by doing so. However, take up of the Open Market Option is still low and there are now calls from many to make it harder for a pension scheme to transfer into an annuity by default, thereby forcing people to consider their options.

</doc>
<doc id="20513455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513455" title="Maurice Chevit">
Maurice Chevit

Maurice Chevit (31 October 1923 – 2 July 2012) was a French actor.
Maurice Chevit made his theatrical début just after the Second World War, and made his first screen appearance in 1946 in René Clément's film "Le Père tranquille". In August 1950, the Theatre de la Huchette in Paris presented "Pepita ou Cinq cents francs de bonheur", a three-act comedy that Chevit co-wrote with Henri Fontenille; Chevit himself appeared in it, playing alongside Jacqueline Maillan, Pierre Mondy and Jacques Jouanneau. He was seen in many small film roles during the 1950s and 1960s, working with producers such as Henri Decoin and André Cayatte, but he was best known as a stage actor. 

</doc>
<doc id="20513458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513458" title="Finnish Military Intelligence Service">
Finnish Military Intelligence Service

The Finnish Military Intelligence Service (, literally "The General Staff's Intelligence Unit") is responsible for the military intelligence in Finland, and accountable to the Minister of Defence. Its SIGINT unit is located in Tikkakoski.
The current commander of the military intelligence is Commodore Georgij Alafuzoff. He began serving his five-year period on 1 January 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20513463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513463" title="Atriplex lindleyi">
Atriplex lindleyi

Atriplex lindleyi is a species of saltbush known by the common name Lindley's saltbush. It is native to Australia, where it is widespread, especially in dry areas. It is known elsewhere as an introduced species, in California and the United States an invasive species. 
This is an annual or perennial herb producing brittle, scaly whitish stems erect or spreading to lengths between 10 and 40 centimeters. The leaves are greenish white, scaly, and often toothed along the edges. They are widely lance-shaped to diamond in shape and up to 3 or 4 centimeters long. 
Male flowers are located in leaf axils or in spikelike inflorescences. Female flowers are generally held in small clusters below the male clusters in the leaf axils. The female inflorescence has spongy bracteoles up to a centimeter long and inflated around the flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="20513494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513494" title="Christophe Gadbled">
Christophe Gadbled

Christophe Gadbled (1734 – 11 October 1782) was a mathematics professor at the University of Caen.
Gadbled was born in Saint-Martin-le-Bouillant. He is known to have been the mentor of Pierre-Simon Laplace. He died in Caen.

</doc>
<doc id="20513500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513500" title="16th Golden Melody Awards">
16th Golden Melody Awards

The 16th Golden Melody Awards were held on 28 May 2005 at the Kaohsiung Cultural Center in Kaohsiung, Taiwan. 
Summary.
Sales of popular music had dropped more than 60 percent since its 1998 peak, leading to a few appeals during the night for people not to buy pirated goods.
Although Taiwanese singer Jay Chou started the evening with six nominations, he did not win in any of the categories.
During the presentation for the award of Best Male Mandarin Artist, Hong Kong actress Karen Mok could be heard announcing the winner as "Wang Lixing", combining the Chinese names for Leehom Wang () and Stanley Huang (). This mistake resulted in a confusion where Wang took the stage to receive the award without realizing that Mok had made the mistake. The actual award was meant for Huang, who was a relative newcomer compared to the more popular Wang. The mistake was partially blamed on Mok's Cantonese language background, which pronounces the two characters for "Wang" () and "Huang" () as "Wong" with the same tone. The second character in both artist's names also had the same tone in Mandarin, complicating the process because the third part of the name was nearly drowned out by the audience. Wang won the award the following year at the 17th Golden Melody Awards.
Special segments.
Leehom Wang and Jay Chou were interviewed and asked to comment on each other.
Chou also performed a medley piano battle with Nan Quan Mama group member Yuhao Zhan. The medley included segments from Prelude and Fugue No. 2 in C minor in Book 1 of Bach's "Well-Tempered Clavier", a capriccio of Chou's song "Reverse Scales" (), and the theme song of Super Mario Bros.

</doc>
<doc id="20513509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513509" title="Beenleigh Hawks">
Beenleigh Hawks

The Beenleigh & Districts Baseball Club is a baseball club that participates in the Greater Brisbane League competition and the Brisbane South competition.
History.
The club was established in 1982/83 to provide another sport option for the younger players of the Beenleigh Junior Rugby League with a view to keep the kids active and together during the off season, at this time the club had T-ball only. Tom Costigan, John Mulligan and Bob Sinden were key movers in establishing the club with other community minded persons of the region. Tom and John were keen promoters of providing sport to keep children active and occupied. Bob had a passion for the game of baseball and brought knowledge of the game to those who had the desire to create the sporting option to Beenleigh.
In 1985, the club introduced Pee Wee (U13) and Pony (U15) league teams to the developing baseball community of Beenleigh. The club continued to progress as it added teams of U16, U18 and eventually senior teams in 1988 to play in the Division 1 competition. At this time the club moved to Windaroo and used the Beenleigh and Districts Rugby Union facility whilst the Hammel Street complex was developed. This complex was later renamed and still remains the T E Costigan Field in recognition of the efforts of Tom Costigan in establishing the facility.
In 1997, Beenleigh and Districts Baseball Club applied and was successful in the entering the club in the Major Competition and to date remain in this competition.
On December 21, 2008, Beenleigh B-Grade won the Commissioners Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20513540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513540" title="Aegean Center for the Fine Arts">
Aegean Center for the Fine Arts

The Aegean Center for the Fine Arts was founded in 1966 by Brett Taylor, and is now overseen by its director, John Pack. The center is an independent, non-profit program located in Paros, Greece and Pistoia, Italy. Courses are offered in two semester-long sessions per year and include painting, drawing, photography, printmaking, creative writing, art history, literature and classical singing. The center accepts a maximum of 24 students into each of its semester programs.
Taylor was both a painter and musician who gained a passion for Greece from one of his teachers at the Tyler School of Art in Philadelphia. Taylor's writings described the intentions for his program: "...to get away from mass production and to meet a need for individualized instruction in an unfamiliar and very different setting which fosters a fresh perspective and independence..." John Pack has directed the Aegean Center since 1984 where he also teaches digital photography. 

</doc>
<doc id="20513557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513557" title="Paul Clammer">
Paul Clammer

Paul Clammer is an English travel writer best known for books on challenging destinations including Sudan Clammer is the co-author of several guide books for Lonely Planet a highly respected website focussing on helping travellers visit Afghanistan. Clammer attended St Ivo School, Cambridgeshire and Bristol University.

</doc>
<doc id="20513574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513574" title="Stuart Roberts (footballer born 1980)">
Stuart Roberts (footballer born 1980)

Stuart Roberts (born 22 July 1980 in Carmarthen) is a Welsh former professional footballer. He is a midfielder and currently with Carmarthen Town. He has represented Wales at Under-21 level.
Roberts began his career as a trainee with Swansea City, turning professional in August 1998. His first team debut came on 11 August 1998 when he was a late substitute for Jon Coates in the 1–1 draw at home to Norwich City in the League Cup. His league debut came four days later in the 2–1 defeat away to Cambridge United, this time as a second-half substitute for Ryan Casey. 
With Swansea in the midst of a financial crisis, Roberts spent part of the 2001 pre-season on trial with Rotherham United and moved to Wycombe Wanderers in October 2001 for a fee of £100,000. He remained with Wycombe until February 2004 when he returned to Swansea, initially on loan, but a month later on a free transfer. He later claimed that his time at Wycombe under Lawrie Sanchez had 'destroyed him as a player and a person'.
Released at the end of the season, he joined Chester City on a non-contract basis in June 2004.
Roberts joined Kidderminster Harriers in August 2004, but was released a month later and joined Forest Green Rovers. He was released by Forest Green at the end of the 2004–05 season.
In July 2005 he returned to Wales, joining Aberystwyth Town, where he was a regular for three years before joining Carmarthen Town in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20513601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513601" title="Michel Boujenah">
Michel Boujenah

Michel Boujenah (born 3 November 1952) is a French actor, comedian, film director and screenwriter.
Early life.
Michel Boujenah was born in Tunis, Tunisia. He is the brother of Paul Boujenah, a film director, and the uncle of Matthieu Boujenah, a comedian.
Career.
Boujenah has appeared in over twenty-five films and almost ten television productions. He has also directed three films and served as screenwriter on four films.

</doc>
<doc id="20513607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513607" title="New Hall Art Collection">
New Hall Art Collection

The New Hall Art Collection is a permanent collection of contemporary art by women artists. Paintings, prints, and sculpture are displayed throughout the Murray Edwards College, Cambridge, England. The unique architecture of the College buildings were completed in 1965 by Chamberlain, Powell and Bon and are Grade II* listed.
The Collection has come about as the result of many generous gifts and loans from artists and donors. In 1986, the College acquired Mary Kelly’s Extase (thanks to the generous support of the Eastern Arts Association and the artist herself) following her stay as artist in residence. This spurred the hope that the College might develop a permanent collection of 20th-century art by women, to inspire the female students who would live among it. In 1992, Dr Valerie Pearl (President 1981-1995) wrote to 100 of the leading women artists in Britain and received some 75 donations in return. Today the collection continues to acquire new works by contemporary women artists.
The Collection.
The collection includes works by:

</doc>
<doc id="20513631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513631" title="Comment programming">
Comment programming

Comment programming, also known as comment-driven development (CDD) is a software development technique that is based on the regular use of comment tags. In comment programming the comment tags are not used to describe what a certain piece of code is doing, but rather to stop some parts of the code from being executed. The aim is to have the commented code at the developer's disposal at any time he might need it. This is especially useful when the requirements change rapidly. In this case they happen to revert to older versions of themselves, thus making the programmer either write the code again, or revert parts of the code from the versioning repository, which would be more time-consuming. With comment programming, when such a request for reverting to an old implementation arises, the developer just comments the current implementation and uncomments the previous. It is advisable to add short descriptive comments to blocks of commented code.
Practical uses.
This programming process can be used for prototyping a new design pattern. This is done by creating a new structure of classes without any implementation, and then you can add the implementation later.
Pseudocode Example:
As you can see in the example, there is a structure around a click event handler. However, comment programming is used instead of a real implementation. The idea is that many functions can be written like this, and then the design can be reworked and revisited without having to refactor a lot of source code.
Popular culture.
MSDN Sweden produced a video for April 1st 2010, where they presented CDD as a serious methodology.

</doc>
<doc id="20513636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513636" title="Runcorn Indians">
Runcorn Indians

The Indians Baseball Club is a baseball club that participates in the Greater Brisbane League competition and the Brisbane South competition. It is one of the original clubs in Australia and several clubs have been offshoots of it, including Redlands Baseball Club and the Carina Redsox.
The club does not have a very strong junior base, but was the 2007/2008 U16 Division 2 premiers with the help of ex-player Rory Rohweder. Also the same season, the Runcorn Major A team became Greater Brisbane League premiers after defeating the Redcliffe Padres 2-0 in a best of 3 final series.

</doc>
<doc id="20513640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513640" title="Japan Academy Prize for Screenplay of the Year">
Japan Academy Prize for Screenplay of the Year

The of the Japan Academy Prize is one of the annual Awards given by the "Nippon Academy-sho association" (Japan Academy Prize Association).

</doc>
<doc id="20513641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513641" title="Atriplex nummularia">
Atriplex nummularia

Atriplex nummularia is a species of saltbush known by the common names old man saltbush, bluegreen saltbush, and giant saltbush. It is native to Australia, occurring in Western Australia, South Australia, the Northern Territory, Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland. It has been exported to other areas of the globe for various uses and was introduced to parts of the American desert southwest and northern Mexico, possibly for use as a soil stabilizer. Domestic grazing animals will eat the sturdy shrub, which is adapted to arid environments with saline soils, so it is used as an animal forage in such habitats. It is widely used as a forage crop in Tunisia and Namibia. The plant is generally palatable to grazing animals, but the palatability can be limited by the concentration of salt in the plant tissues as the plant takes in water from saline soils.
"A. nummularia" is a grayish-white shrub growing to heights between 1.5 and 3 meters. The erect to spreading stems and twigs are scaly and striated. The thick leaves are oval to triangular, wavy and sometimes with dull teeth, and up to 6 or 7 centimeters long. The plant may be monoecious or dioecious. The male flowers are held in clusters or long spikes up to 20 centimeters long. The female flowers are held in the leaf axils or in terminal inflorescences, or sometimes are interspersed among the male clusters. 

</doc>
<doc id="20513644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513644" title="Daniel Rich">
Daniel Rich

Daniel Rich (born 7 June 1990) is a current Australian rules football player for the Brisbane Lions. He was selected with the Brisbane Lions' first selection (pick 7 overall) in the 2008 National Draft.
Pre-AFL career.
Prior to being drafted by Brisbane, Rich had already amassed a considerable football résumé. This included under-18 selection for Western Australia in both 2007 and 2008, including selection for the All-Australian team both years, as well as playing in two senior premierships for Subiaco in the WAFL. Following strong performances at senior level, Rich was regarded by many observers as a potential top-two selection in the months leading up to the draft.
AFL career.
2009: Rising Star.
Rich made an impressive senior debut in round 1, 2009 amassing 21 possession and 4 tackles, a performance which garnered him the NAB Rising Star nomination for round 1. He was rewarded for an outstanding first-year season with the 2009 NAB Rising Star award, being only the second Rising Star winner to poll maximum votes from all 9 judges, he also created history by becoming the third consecutive player to be drafted at pick seven and win the award. The praise for Rich's debut season kept coming, this time coming from the players themselves, after winning the AFLPA Award for Best First Year Player by more than 400 votes.
2010.
• Following a stellar first season in 2009 which saw him win the AFL Rising Star award among other honours, Rich added bulk to his frame over the 2010 pre-season and established himself as a key component of the Lions midfield in 2010. 
• While Rich was consistently among the Lions top performers in the midfield, he particularly shone in the half-back line towards the tail-end of the season in the Lions’ narrow loss to St Kilda in round 15, against Melbourne in round 18, and Essendon in round 21. 
• Rich led the Lions in inside 50s (93) and was second for tackles with 103, and had an impressive average of 19 disposals per game. 
• Rich has not missed a senior AFL game since his debut in round 1 of the 2009 season, playing all 22 games in 2010 and bringing his total AFL games to 46 in just two years. 
• He finished inside the top ten at the Club Champion Award, at eighth place with 24.5 votes.
Personal life.
Rich was educated in Western Australia, attending secondary schooling at Sacred Heart College, Sorrento.

</doc>
<doc id="20513685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513685" title="Mogadishu-Villabruzzi Railway">
Mogadishu-Villabruzzi Railway

The Mogadiscio-Villabruzzi Railway () is an historical railway system that ran through southern Somalia. It was constructed between 1914 and 1927 by the colonial authorities in Italian Somaliland. The railway connected the capital city Mogadishu with Afgooye, and subsequently with Villabruzzi (present-day Jowhar). The line was later dismantled by British troops during World War II. Plans for re-establishing the railway were tabled in the 1980s by the Siad Barre administration, but were aborted after the regime's collapse.
History.
The railway was initially built for the surrounding area of Mogadishu ("Mogadiscio" in Italian), after World War I in 1914. In the 1924, it was extended to Afgooye. In 1927, it was extended again by H.R.H. Principe Luigi Amedeo, Duca degli Abruzzi, a senior member of the Italian Royal Family, had the railway extended to the Shebelle River colonial villages he was then developing. 
The line, 114 km long, reached Villabruzzi (then in full "Villaggio Duca degli Abruzzi", now "Jowhar") in 1928. The original proposal was for the railway to go on from Villabruzzi to the Somali border with Ethiopia and into the Ogaden, but the Second Italo-Abyssinian War in 1936 stopped further construction.
In 1939, the Italian leader Benito Mussolini planned road and rail connections between Mogadiscio and Addis Ababa, but only the road ("La Strada Imperiale") was built before World War II destroyed the Italian Empire. However, a small "decauville" railway of 200 km was built between Villabruzzi and the border with Ethiopia in order to solve the logistical problems related to the occupation of Ethiopia.
In 1941, the railway was dismantled by British troops when they occupied Italian East Africa ("Africa Orientale Italiana" in Italian). Since then the railway, except for a few tracks within Mogadishu harbour, was no longer used. In 1942 some diesel locomotives and related materials were moved by the British Government to Eritrea, to be used on the Massawa-Asmara railway.
In the 1980s, the President of Somalia Siad Barre proposed the reactivation of the railway. However, the collapse of his regime in 1991 stopped any possible reconstruction.
Statistics.
The railway in 1930 moved 19,359 passengers, and was used by even for tourism. In the same year 43,467 tons of products (mainly agricultural) were transported, with earnings up to 1,591,527 Somali lira. Most products transported were bananas, cotton and coffee, from farm plantations of the area of Villabruzzi, to be exported through the port of Mogadishu.
"Ferrovie Somale", a government company, administered the line. The single track railway had a narrow gauge, as established in 1879 by an Italian law on minor gauges.
Equipment.
The equipment of the Somali railway was similar to the one used in the Eritrean Railway.
Steam locomotives.
Three classes of steam locomotive were used: one design of 0-4-0 shunter and two designs of 0-4-4-0 Mallet for line service. 
202 Series.
These small 0-4-0 tank engines were and are the standard shunter locomotives of the system, built between 1927 and 1937 by the firm of Breda in Milan. They have short side tanks, a rear coal bunker, and a unified, oval dome containing the steam dome inside a larger sand dome - this arrangement, popular worldwide in nations that favored the sand dome, helped both to insulate the steam dome and to keep the sand dry with the warmth. Large, prominent builder's plates adorn the domes. They use Walschaerts valve gear with piston valves and superheating.
440 Series.
One of these early Mallet locomotives, which is a true Mallet and thus a compound, still exists in storage at the Asmara railway Station. It was a 1915 product of Ansaldo in Genova. 
442 Series.
These later, and much larger, compound Mallet locomotives were built by Ansaldo in Genova in 1938 to largely replace the earlier types, both the 440 Series and the unsuccessful 441 Series, which were simple locomotives (i.e., non-compound) and found liable to run out of steam on the heavy grades of the line. Like the other locomotives they are tank engines with large side tanks and a rear coal bunker, under cover of the cab roof in this design. These are quite hefty machines, as required by the tough demands of the terrain.

</doc>
<doc id="20513687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513687" title="Baguio Cemetery">
Baguio Cemetery

Baguio Cemetery is a 94,800-square meter public cemetery that is located in Baguio City on top of a hill in Naguilian Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20513724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513724" title="2004 ASP World Tour">
2004 ASP World Tour

The ASP World Tour is a professional competitive surfing league. It is run by the Association of Surfing Professionals.
Men's World Tour.
Tournaments.
Source
Final Standings.
Source
Women's World Tour.
Tournaments.
Source
Final Standings.
Source

</doc>
<doc id="20513725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513725" title="Atriplex pacifica">
Atriplex pacifica

Atriplex pacifica is a species of saltbush known by the common names Davidson's saltbush, South Coast saltbush, and Pacific orach. 
It is native to the coastline of Southern California, including the Channel Islands, and Baja California, where it grows in saline habitat on the immediate coastline, such as beach bluffs. It is an uncommon plant, chiefly because much of its native habitat has been drastically altered. 
This is a mat-forming annual herb producing scaly, reddish green, prostrate stems 10 to 30 centimeters long. The leaves are less than 2 centimeters long, usually oval in shape, with gray-green scaly undersides. Male flowers are borne in terminal spike inflorescences that emerge from the distal end of the branches, while female flower clusters appear proximally on the branches.

</doc>
<doc id="20513733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513733" title="Zurich.minds">
Zurich.minds

ZURICH.MINDS is a non-profit foundation set up in 2008 by Rolf Dobelli. The goal of the ZURICH.MINDS Foundation is "to create a bridge between the science, business and cultural communities". Members of the board are: Rolf Dobelli (Chairman), Jean-Claude Bastos de Morais, Pascal Forster, Michael Hengartner, Thomas Ladner, Hans Jürg Rufener and Alexander Wassmer.
Its annual meeting has received some coverage in local media, such as the Switzerland edition of The Wall Street Journal, 
Swiss national television 
amongst others. 
Members include Nobel prize laureate Kurt Wuthrich, former Chancellor of Germany Gerhard Schröder, philosopher John N. Gray of the London School of Economics, director at the Max Planck Institute Gerd Gigerenzer, writer and politician Matt Ridley, economist Paul Romer, neuroeconomist Ernst Fehr, and experimental psychologist Roy Baumeister,

</doc>
<doc id="20513740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513740" title="Emil Marschalk von Ostheim">
Emil Marschalk von Ostheim

Emil Freiherr Marschalk von Ostheim (16 April 1841, Bamberg - 7 July 1903, Bamberg) was a German historian, numismatist and collector. His book collection can be found at Bamberg State Library. 

</doc>
<doc id="20513763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513763" title="Rubus ulmifolius subsp. sanctus">
Rubus ulmifolius subsp. sanctus

"Rubus ulmifolius" subsp. "sanctus", commonly called holy bramble, is a bramble native to parts of Asia and Europe.
Chemistry.
3,6-Di-O-caffeoylglucose, 1-O-caffeoylxylose and 2,3-O-hexahydroxydiphenoyl-4,6-O-sanguisorboyl-(α/β)-glucose (an ellagitannin constituted with sanguisorbic acid), are found in "R. ulmifolius" subsp. "sanctus".

</doc>
<doc id="20513778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513778" title="Lalgarh (disambiguation)">
Lalgarh (disambiguation)

Lalgarh may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20513780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513780" title="Ross Creek Reservoir">
Ross Creek Reservoir

The Ross Creek Reservoir is an artificial lake in Dunedin, New Zealand. One of the oldest artificial lakes in the country, and the oldest water supply reservoir still in use in the country, it was created in the 1860s to provide water for the city of Dunedin, at that time in the middle of rapid expansion due to the Otago goldrush. Designed by engineer Ralph Donkin and supervising builder David Proudfoot, the reservoir was opened in 1867 as the Royal Albert Reservoir, but the name was unpopular and it has been known as the Ross Creek Reservoir for over a century.
The reservoir, dams, and picturesque valve tower have a New Zealand Historic Places Trust Level I classification.
The reservoir is located in a heavily wooded valley in the suburb of Glenleith, four kilometres north of the city centre. Fed by a small stream, the Ross Creek — a tributary of the Water of Leith — it is held behind two small dams, 23 metres and 10 metres in height. The base of the larger dam is 95 metres above sea level, with the water surface at approximately 115 metres ASL.
Ross Creek Reserve.
The reservoir is surrounded by a public reserve which has been allowed to regenerate with native bush. Though not technically covered by the New Zealand Reserves Act, the area is referred to as a reserve and managed and maintained as such by the Dunedin City Council, by virtue of its high scenic and recreational value. This lies between Tanner and Rockside Roads in Glenleith and Cannington Road in Maori Hill. The winding Burma Road runs through the reserve to the north and west of the reservoir. One of Dunedin's most popular golf courses, Balmacewen Golf Course, abuts the reserve's southwest corner. The highest point in the reserve, in its northeastern corner close to Tanner Road, is some above sea level.
Numerous popular walking tracks lead to and circle the reservoir, and follow the course of the Ross Creek and its tributary, School Creek. Track counters have recorded as many as 4,000 walkers on the tracks per month, making them some of Dunedin's most well-used bush walks. The tracks are marked with stone markers, and a permanent orienteering course is also marked numbered posts. The walks can be entered from various points along Burma and Tanner Roads, but the main entry is from lower down Ross Creek at Glenleith. A further track links the reserve with a walkway which follows the course of the Water of Leith past a former quarry to link with tracks which run through Woodhaugh Gardens at the mouth of the Leith Valley to the southeast.
Notable features of the reserve — other than the reservoir — include a waterfall which cascades some into School Creek. Though these falls appear completely natural, they were created by the diversion of Ross Creek to form the reservoir, and now carry waters from the creek's flood channel. The lower parts of the reserve's tracks close to Glenleith are also notable, as they pass through the narrowest part of the Ross Creek's valley, which rises as canyon walls on both sides of the track and creek.

</doc>
<doc id="20513789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513789" title="Birmingham Magistrates' Court">
Birmingham Magistrates' Court

Birmingham Magistrates' Court is a Magistrates' Court in Birmingham, England.
The court currently sits at Victoria Law Courts on Corporation Street, but it is proposed to move the court to a new purpose-built courthouse, nearby.
Plans to relocate the court to a new building in the Masshouse development have been shelved as a result of budgetary restraint imposed by the UK Government. As a result, the current building on Corporation Street will be maintained until at least 2015 when plans to build a new Magistrates' court in Birmingham will be reviewed.

</doc>
<doc id="20513793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513793" title="Walking on a Dream (song)">
Walking on a Dream (song)

"Walking on a Dream" is a song by the Australian electronic duo Empire of the Sun, released as the lead single from their debut album, "Walking on a Dream". The full Sam La More remix was made available as a free download on the band's official website. The single was successful on the Australian ARIA Charts, reaching as far as number ten and being certified double platinum. It was also placed at number four in the 2008 Triple J Hottest 100. "Walking on a Dream" won the award for Single of the Year at the ARIA Music Awards of 2009.
Although the single was originally due for release in the United Kingdom on 9 February 2009, the CD release date was postponed until 6 July 2009. The song was made the Single of the Week on the iTunes Store for the week of 21 April 2009.
Music video.
The music video for the song was shot by Josh Logue on location along the Bund in Shanghai, China in July/August 2008, just prior to the 2008 Summer Olympics. It features Steele and Littlemore wearing Eastern costumes and makeup, inspired by Peking Opera.

</doc>
<doc id="20513795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513795" title="Württemberg Cup">
Württemberg Cup

The Bitburger-wfv-Pokal is one of the 21 regional cup competitions of German football. The winner of the competition gains entry to the first round of the German Cup. It was introduced in 1945. In 2011 the cup was renamed from WFV-Pokal into Bitburger-wfv-Pokal because of a new name sponsoring by the brewery Bitburger. Current champion from season 2010–11 is the 3rd league club 1. FC Heidenheim. WFV stands for Württembergischer Fußball-Verband (football association of the region Württemberg).
History.
The competition was established in 1945 in the Württemberg part of Württemberg-Baden and in Württemberg-Hohenzollern. In 1952, these two states merged with South Baden to form Baden-Württemberg but three separate football associations, Württemberg, Baden and South Baden, remained and also their regional cups.
Initially, the final was held at a neutral ground but from 1967 onwards, one of the two finalists received home advantage. Occasionally, it would however still be held at a neutral venue when the club with the home advantage didn't have a suitable stadium. After 1981, the competitions final returned to a neutral venue.
From 1974 onwards, the winner of the WFV Cup qualified for the first round of the German Cup. At times, the WFV was permitted to send both, winner and finalist to the first round of the German Cup, currently (2008–09), it is only the winner as Württemberg is not one of the three largest federations, which are permitted to send two clubs.
Possibly the most remarkable WFV-Cup winner in terms of German Cup appearance was the SC Geislingen in 1984–85. The club drew Hamburger SV for the first round and beat the "Bundesliga" club 2–0, then defeated Kickers Offenbach 4–2 to go out in the third round 0–2 to the later winners Bayer Uerdingen.
Modus.
Professional clubs are not permitted to enter the competition, meaning, no teams from the "Fußball-Bundesliga" and the "2nd Bundesliga" can compete.
All clubs from Württemberg playing from the "3rd Liga" to the four "Landesligas" (VII) gain direct entry to the first round. To make up the set number of 128 clubs for the first round, the best teams from the "Bezirkspokale", which teams below tier seven play in, are also admitted.
Cup finals.
Held annually at the end of season, these were the cup finals since 1950:
Winners.
Listed in order of wins, the Cup winners are:

</doc>
<doc id="20513804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513804" title="Sirisumana Godage">
Sirisumana Godage

Deshabandu Sirisumana Godage (born in May 1936) is a Sri Lankan entrepreneur. He is Sri Lanka’s leading book publisher. Presently he is the chairman of the Godage International Publishers. 

</doc>
<doc id="20513806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513806" title="Inaki Basauri">
Inaki Basauri

Inaki Basauri (born 1 October 1984 in Monterrey, Mexico) is a Mexican-born American rugby union player who currently plays for Tarbes.
Career.
Basauri first started playing rugby when he was 15 and was invited to a practice by his friend. Inaki graduated from Walt Whitman High School in 2002. Throughout High School, he played sevens rugby with the Maryland Exiles in the summer and varsity football in the fall. He played for the U-19 National Team at age 16 and vice-captained the USA U-19 Tour to France for the World Championships. After the France U-19 World Championships, he was recruited by Massy to play for their U-21 Team. At 23, he played professionally for SU Agen in France and was the youngest starter of the team. 
He also played in Italy for the L'Aquila Rugby club in the Super 10 competition. Having previously played in France for CA Lannemezan, SU Agen and CA Perigueux he now plays for Tarbes in the Pro D2. Basauri was also a member of the USA 2007 Rugby World Cup and 2011 Rugby World Cup squads.

</doc>
<doc id="20513812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513812" title="Babu Amar Singh">
Babu Amar Singh

Babu Amar Singh was a revolutionary in the Indian Rebellion of 1857 and brother of Babu Kunwar Singh. After the death of Babu Kunwar Singh on April 24, 1858, Babu Amar Singh became the chief of the army and despite heavy odds, continued the struggle and for a considerable time ran a parallel government in the district of Shahabad. In October 1859, Amar Singh joined the rebel leaders in the Nepal Terai.

</doc>
<doc id="20513817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513817" title="Hallelujah (ThisGirl song)">
Hallelujah (ThisGirl song)

"Hallelujah" is the first single to be released from ThisGirl's album Uno. The single was released prior to the album on June 14, 2004.
Track listing.
CD1 includes a track called "Excited" which is a modified version of the track "Excited But Tired" which is from ThisGirl's EP "Demo's for the Family".
CD2 also includes a modified track called "Dreams Dreams Dreams V-VIII". The original version can be found on the "Demo's for the Family" EP under the name "Dreams Dreams Dreams I, Dreams, Dreams, Dreams, IV".
Reception.
Reviews of the single were mixed, some praise the songs for their bouncy/energetic edge, with comments such as Carnaple.com's:
<br>
Others criticize the band's change of style from their earlier songs, with BBC music review saying:
Music video.
The music video for "Hallelujah" was directed by Armando from Retro-juice productions. The video features a variety of shots of the band performing live and shots of a recording studio.

</doc>
<doc id="20513838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513838" title="Île Ronde, Brest">
Île Ronde, Brest

The Île Ronde (literally "Round Island") is a French islet 400m to the south west of Pointe de l’Armorique, in the roadstead of Brest, within the territory of the commune of Plougastel-Daoulas. Its highest point is 24m. Facing Île Ronde, on the pointe de l’Armorique, is the fort de la pointe de l’Armorique. 
In the sea, 600m to the east of Île Ronde, are two dolphins, concrete cubes built by the German occupiers during the Second World War at a place where the water is 16m deep. They were intended to host the German battleship "Bismarck", but she was sunk in May 1941 before she could reach Brest and never used them. It seems these caissons were not intensively used. The proximity of the channel separating Île Ronde from the pointe de l’Armorique gives rise to severe sea currents, making docking manoeuvres at this point difficult. Today unused, these concrete cubes have become inaccessible for humans and thus have become a haven for flora and fauna, including nests for common terns

</doc>
<doc id="20513854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513854" title="Atriplex parishii">
Atriplex parishii

Atriplex parishii is an uncommon species of saltbush known by the common names Parish's saltbush and Parish's brittlescale. It is native to central and southern California where it can occasionally be found along the immediate coastline, and the Channel Islands. Its distribution extended historically into the western edges of the Mojave Desert and Baja California and it may still exist there. 
This is a plant of saline and alkaline soils, such as those on dry lakebeds and ephemeral vernal pools. There are five varieties of the plant, each growing in a separate and disjunct region of the species' distribution; some varieties are known only from the Central Valley. 
This is a small annual herb producing whitish scaly prostrate stems less than 20 centimeters long. The numerous rough whitish leaves are under a centimeter long and oval to somewhat heart-shaped. The flowers, both male and female types, are generally borne in hard clusters.

</doc>
<doc id="20513872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513872" title="Adriaan Strauss">
Adriaan Strauss

Jan Adriaan Strauss, (born 18 November 1985 in Bloemfontein, South Africa) is a rugby hooker who represents Free State Cheetahs in the ABSA Currie Cup and the in Super Rugby He made his international debut for South Africa on 19 July 2008 coming off the bench against Australia in the Tri Nations. He stayed with the team for the remainder of the Tri Nations earning 5 caps, but missed out on the November tour to the UK following the return of John Smit to action with Chiliboy Ralepelle leapfrogging him in the selection order.
He scored both of his first two tries for the Springboks in one test on 18 November 2012 against Scotland at Murrayfield in Edinburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="20513880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513880" title="Redlands Baseball Club">
Redlands Baseball Club

The Redlands Baseball Club is a baseball club that participates in the Greater Brisbane League competition and the Brisbane South competition.
History.
Formed in the 1995/1996 season by John Murray as an offshoot of the Runcorn Indians, the club was originally called the Redlands Indians. However, Redlands Baseball Club rose meteorically. This was largely due to the vision and collaboration of loyal club members, the Redlands Shire Council and financial assistance from the Queensland Government.
Redlands Baseball Club, with two world-class fields, is a AAA standard lighted venue complete with a modern clubhouse and indoor batting cages. Situated 25 kilometres southeast of Brisbane in natural bushland, the Redlands Baseball Facility was a host site for the 2000 Olympic trials. Tested by world baseball teams from USA, Italy, the Netherlands and South Africa international recognition was firmly established. The venue hosts State and Australian Titles and is regularly used for club games.
The fields were also used for the 2007 Claxton Shield and will again host two 2009 Claxton Shield games.

</doc>
<doc id="20513926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513926" title="Members of the Australian Senate, 1944–1947">
Members of the Australian Senate, 1944–1947

This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1944 to 1947. Half of its members were elected at the 21 September 1940 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1941 and finishing on 30 June 1947; the other half were elected at the 21 August 1943 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1944 and finishing on 30 June 1950.
In 1945, Robert Menzies founded the Liberal Party of Australia and it soon absorbed the moribund United Australia Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20513935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513935" title="Savannah metropolitan area">
Savannah metropolitan area

The Savannah metropolitan area is a metro area centered on the principal city of Savannah, Georgia. The official name given by the U.S. Office of Management and Budget (OMB) is the Savannah, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is used for statistical purposes by the United States Census Bureau and other entities. The OMB defines this area as consisting of Bryan, Chatham, and Effingham counties in Georgia; its total population was estimated at 361,941 in 2012. In the official 2010 census, the Savannah MSA had a population of 347,611, an 18.6 percent increase from the 2000 population of 293,000. The Savannah MSA is the third most populous of fourteen Georgia MSAs (ranked after Atlanta and 
Augusta) as well as one of the fastest-growing metro areas in the state for the period 2000-2010 (exceeded only by Atlanta, Gainesville, Warner Robins and Brunswick).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 293,000 people, 111,105 households, and 76,405 families residing within the MSA. The racial makeup of the MSA was 61.24% White, 34.87% African American, 0.26% Native American, 1.49% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.82% from other races, and 1.26% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.18% of the population.
The median income for a household in the MSA was $44,201, and the median income for a family was $50,052. Males had a median income of $37,992 versus $24,777 for females. The per capita income for the MSA was $19,940.
Combined Statistical Area.
The Savannah–Hinesville–Statesboro Combined Statistical Area (CSA) is made up of six counties in Georgia. The statistical area includes two metropolitan areas and one micropolitan area. The 2012 U.S. Census estimated population for this area was 516,159, up from 495,745 at the 2010 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="20513956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513956" title="Gangadhar Appa Burande">
Gangadhar Appa Burande

Gangadhar Appa Burande (, December 29, 1919 in Moha – October 1, 2008) was an Indian politician. 
He was born in Moha village in the Marathwada region, and went to school in Ambajogai, Nanded and Hyderabad. During his student days in Hyderabad, he became involved in the leftist movement and joined the All India Students Federation. In 1942 he became a member of the Communist Party of India. He was one of the pioneers of establishing and building the Communist Party in Marathwada, and an activist in the anti-Nizam struggle. For a period he was jailed.
Following Independence, he organized the All India Kisan Sabha (Peasants' Union) in Beed District. He served as sarpanch of Moha between 1956-1974. In 1960 he founded the organization Maharashtra Shikshan Sanstha, which offers schooling and housing for students from poor backgrounds. He was again jailed between 1962-1966. For a brief period, he was a representative in the Beed Zilla Parishad.
When the Communist Party was divided in 1964, Burande sided with the Communist Party of India (Marxist). He became the Secretary of the Beed District Committee of CPI(M), and a member of the Maharastra State Committee of the party. In 1969, he was elected vice-president of the Maharashtra State Committee of the CPI(M)-led Kisan Sabha.
During the Emergency, Burande was jailed again. He was imprisoned in 1975, and released in 1977. In the 1977 general election he was elected to the Lok Sabha (Lower House of Parliament) from Beed. Burande got 197497 votes (57.56%), defeating the Congress (I) candidate Laxman Shankarao Deshmukh.
In 1982 he became a member of the Maharashtra State Secretariat of CPI(M). In 1986 he was elected president of the Kisan Sabha in Maharashtra, and was one of the representatives of Maharashtra in the Central Kisan Committee (the national leadership of AIKS). In the 1990s, he stepped down from the CPI(M) State Secretariat, and instead took over as the first chairman of the State Control Commission of the party. At the 2004 state conference of the Kisan Sabha, he was elected vice-president of the State Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20513976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513976" title="Île de Tibidy">
Île de Tibidy

Tibidy (Latin - "insula Thopopegya" or "insula Thopepigia") is a French islet at the mouth of the river Faou, at the bottom of the roadstead of Brest, on land belonging to the commune of L'Hôpital-Camfrout. Its highest point is 15m. The island houses a private manor and is linked to the mainland by a spit.
A legend given in the life of Saint Guénolé by the cartulary of Landévennec Abbey states that Saint Guénolé, accompanied by 11 other disciples of Saint Budoc, arrived from Île Lavret (archipelago of Bréhat) on île de Tibidy and there set up an oratory. Three years later, they left the island and reached Landévennec, with the island then being given to Landévennec Abbey by Gradlon.

</doc>
<doc id="20513992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20513992" title="Graded exercise therapy">
Graded exercise therapy

Graded exercise therapy (GET) is physical activity that starts very slowly and gradually increases over time. This approach is used as part of a treatment plan for chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) and certain other conditions. This method avoids the extremes of the "push-crash" cycle of over exercising during remittance or not exercising at all due to concern of relapse.
Typically the GET begins with active stretching, followed by range-of-motion contractions and extensions, done for five minutes per day for a completely inactive individual. Avoiding extremes is key, and activity must be balanced with rest. Exercise sessions should be preset by the number of repetitions or amount of time. The duration is determined by the patient using trial and error, with the goal of stopping before becoming tired. Research has shown that gradual, guided physical activity can be helpful for those suffering from CFS.
However, despite such currently held views by government health departments on the usefulness of GET (e.g. UK's NHS.), there are still many doubts as to the effectiveness of using such treatment for those suffering from ME/CFS, as raised by studies made by those working more closely with this disease. In particular, their own research found that between 30% and 50% of patients using this method are actually made worse.

</doc>
<doc id="20514003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514003" title="Tasimelteon">
Tasimelteon

Tasimelteon (trade name Hetlioz, previously known as BMS-214,778) is a drug approved solely for the treatment of non-24-hour sleep–wake disorder in totally blind people. It was under development for the treatment of insomnia and other sleep disorders. It is a selective agonist for the melatonin receptors MT1 and MT2 in the suprachiasmatic nucleus of the brain, similar to older drugs such as ramelteon. It has been through Phase III trials successfully and was shown to improve both onset and maintenance of sleep, with few side effects.
A year-long (2011–2012) study at Harvard tested the use of tasimelteon in blind subjects with non-24-hour sleep–wake disorder. In May 2013 Vanda Pharmaceuticals submitted a New Drug Application to the Food and Drug Administration for tasimelteon for the treatment of non-24-hour sleep–wake disorder in totally blind people. It was approved by the FDA on January 31, 2014 under the brand name Hetlioz.

</doc>
<doc id="20514011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514011" title="Cyril Cartwright">
Cyril Cartwright

Cyril Cartwright (b. January 28, 1928 in Dukinfield, Cheshire, England) is a former British cyclist who held national records on the track and on the road and came second in the world amateur pursuit championship in Copenhagen in 1949. He held the British five-mile and 30-mile records.
Cyril Cartwright was a miner in the Dukinfield area of England. He won the national 25-mile time trial championship in 1948, one of the first riders in the country to beat one hour for the distance. He set a national record at 59m 18s. He won the British Empire Games (Now called the Commonwealth Games) 4,000m pursuit in Auckland, New Zealand, in 1950, beating the future Tour de France rider, Russell Mockridge. The ship journey to New Zealand took five weeks. Cartwright got in as many miles as he could before the ship left in January, including riding from Manchester to London and back over a weekend. He took 13 hours on the southbound journey, 11 hours going north. He said:
Of his ride against Mockridge, he said:
By three-quarter distance, Mockridge was struggling so badly that he gave up when he was 50 yards behind. As well as the gold medal, Cartwright received a certificate for the fastest time ridden in New Zealand. 
Cartwright remembered: "As we boarded his ship the journey home, the captain didn't say 'Congratulations, nice work.' His words were: 'I've locked those rollers of yours in the hold for the voyage home. You were nothing but a nuisance on the way here but we don't want to have to put up with it on the way back.".
He had a poor season in 1951 and stopped racing after not being selected for the Olympic Games in Helsinki in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20514019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514019" title="Ca' Vendramin Calergi">
Ca' Vendramin Calergi

Ca' Vendramin Calergi is a palace on the Grand Canal in the "sestiere" (quarter) of Cannaregio in Venice, northern Italy. Other names by which it is known include: "Palazzo Vendramin Calergi", "Palazzo Loredan Vendramin Calergi", and "Palazzo Loredan Griman Calergi Vendramin." The architecturally distinguished building was the home of many prominent people through history, and is remembered as the place where composer Richard Wagner died.
Currently, it is home to the Venice Casino ("Casinò di Venezia") and the Wagner Museum ("Museo Wagner").
History.
Ca' Vendramin Calergi was designed in the late 15th century by Mauro Codussi, architect of Chiesa di San Zaccaria and other noteworthy churches and private residences in Venice. Construction began in 1481 and was finished after his death by the Bottega dei Lombardo in 1509. The twenty-eight-year period it took to complete construction is considered short based on the technology available at that time. 
The spacious Renaissance-style palace stands three-stories high with direct access to the Grand Canal available by gondolas. The beauty and balance of the building's façade are exceptional. Classically inspired columns divide each level facing the canal. Two pairs of tall French doors divided by a single column topped by arches and a trefoil window rest above the doors on the piano nobile and upper levels. Opulent paintings, sculptures, and architectural details originally filled the building's interior. Baroque master Mattia Bortoloni decorated the ceilings of many rooms. The palace is locally known by the nickname "Non Nobis Domine" ("Not unto us, O Lord"), which is engraved in the stone under a ground-floor window.
Andrea Loredan, a connoisseur of the fine arts, commissioned the palace, which was paid for by the doge, Leonardo Loredan. In 1581, the Loredan family suffered financial difficulties and sold it for 50,000 ducats to Julius, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, who had deep affection for Venice. However, the duke kept it only two years before selling it to Guglielmo I Gonzaga, Marquis of Mantua, who then sold it to Vittore Calergi, a Venetian noble from Heraklion on the island of Crete. Calergi greatly expanded the building in 1614 with a large addition by architect Vincenzo Scamozzi called the "White Wing" which included windows overlooking a garden courtyard. (The addition was demolished in 1659 and rebuilt the following year.) In 1739, the palace was inherited through marriage by the Vendramins, a powerful patrician family of merchants, bankers, religious leaders, and politicians, who owned it for more than a century. 
In 1844, Marie-Caroline de Bourbon-Sicile, Duchess of Berry, and her second husband, Ettore Carlo Lucchesi-Palli, Duke della Grazia, purchased Ca' Vendramin Calergi from the last member of the Vendramin family line. In the turmoil of the Risorgimento, they were forced to sell the palace to Caroline's grandson, Henry (Enrico), Count de' Bardi, and many of its fine works of art were auctioned in Paris. Count de' Bardi and his wife Infanta Adelgundes and the related Dukes of Grazia maintained the home and hosted many famous names of the day. In 1937, the last of the Grazia nobles, Count Lucchesi-Palli, sold it to Giovanni Volpi, Count of Misurata, who remodeled the living quarters and turned it into a Center for Electromagnetic and Electrical Phenomena. 
The City Council of Venice purchased Ca' Vendramin Calergi in 1946. Since 1959, it has been the winter home to the celebrated Venice Casino ("Casinò di Venezia").
Wagner Museum.
German composer Richard Wagner stayed in Venice six times between 1858 and his death. He arrived in Italy on his final trip not long after performances of his opera "Parsifal" premiered at the second Bayreuth Festival. He rented the entire piano nobile (mezzanine) level of the Ca' Vendramin Calergi from Count de' Bardi before his departure and arrived on 16 September 1882 with his wife Cosima Liszt, four children (Daniela von Bülow, Isolde, Eva and Siegfried Wagner) and household servants. 
Wagner died of a heart attack in the palace on 13 February 1883 at age 69. A memorial plaque on a brick wall adjacent to the building is inscribed with a tribute by novelist and poet Gabriele d'Annunzio that reads: 
The Wagner Museum ("Museo Wagner") opened at the palace in February 1995. It holds the Josef Lienhart Collection of rare documents, musical scores, signed letters, paintings, records, and other heirlooms. The holdings constitute the largest private collection dedicated to Wagner outside of Bayreuth. The museum is open to the public on Saturday mornings by appointment. 
The Associazione Richard Wagner di Venezia operates the museum and the Richard Wagner European Study and Research Center ("Centro Europeo di Studi e Richerche Richard Wagner - C.E.S.R.R.W."). It also holds exhibitions, conferences, and concerts, and publishes scholarly papers that promote the life and works of Wagner.
The International Association of Wagner Societies also holds a symposium called "Wagner Days in Venice" ("Giornate Wagneriane a Venezia") at the palace each autumn.

</doc>
<doc id="20514032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514032" title="Île de Térénez">
Île de Térénez

Île de Térénez is a French islet inside the last bend of the river Aulne, on the territory of the commune of Rosnoën. Its highest point is 18m.
Covered in woods, it is accessible by dry land at low tide and faces the Landévennec ship graveyard and Landévennec Abbey. The corniche de Térénez, running along the right bank of the Aulne for 4 kilometres, leads to the pont de Térénez, located 2.5 km further upstream.

</doc>
<doc id="20514053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514053" title="Fourth East Asia Summit">
Fourth East Asia Summit

The Fourth East Asia Summit was rescheduled several times, had its venue changed and one attempt to hold it was cancelled due to the 2008–2009 Thai political crisis. It was ultimately held on 25 October 2009 in Cha-am and Hua Hin, Thailand.
Participants.
The 16 countries involved were:
Agenda.
The world economic conditions were to have been on the agenda of the Summit. but by the adjourned date the immediate crisis appears to have passed.
The Summit in October 2009 is scheduled to receive a report on the proposed Comprehensive Economic Partnership for East Asia to potentially establish the world's largest trading bloc. Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and retired Australian diplomat Richard Woolcott will also address the Summitt on regional architecture and his idea of an Asia Pacific Community.
It was not clear the status of the Japanese proposal for an East Asia Community at this Summit or alternatively the ASEAN Plus Three Summit.
The members were to consider India's plans for the revival of Nalanda University.
Issues related to staging the fourth EAS.
The Summit was originally to be held in Bangkok on 17 December 2008. It was announced in late October 2008 that the Summit would be shifted from Bangkok to Chiang Mai due to concerns about political unrest in the capital city.
It was then announced on 2 December 2008 that due to the 2008 Thai political crisis the Summit would be postponed from 17 December 2008 to March 2009. On 12 December 2008 Abhisit Vejjajiva indicated that if he become the next Prime Minister of Thailand he would seek to hold the Summit in February 2009.
In January 2009 it was announced that, although the ASEAN Summit had been scheduled for 27 February 2009 to 1 March 2009, those dates were not convenient for the ASEAN dialogue partners and that the East Asia Summit and the ASEAN Plus Three meetings would be held later.
The re-scheduling of the Heads of Government/State of the 16 nations caused the EAS to be tentatively re-scheduled for April, coinciding with Easter. This revised date meant that consideration was being given to a change of venue from Phuket to Pattaya. This revised date and venue was subsequently confirmed. The venue was the Pattaya Exhibition and Conference Hall (PEACH).
It was also announced that India would be represented at the Summit by its Commerce and Industry Minister Kamal Nath, not its Prime Minister.
Cancellation of the Summit in 2008 and postponement to 2009.
On 11 April 2009, anti-Thai government protesters smashed their way into the East Asian summit, forcing the prime minister of Thailand, Abhisit Vejjajiva, to cancel the meeting and evacuate foreign leaders by helicopters. Officials did not say whether or when the summit would resume.
Following the cancellation, United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon led expressions of regret over the incident. Abhisit Vejjajiva later vowed legal action against anti-government protesters "who reduced a showcase Asian summit to a shambles and exposed the nation to international embarrassment".
During the lead up to the Summit, there were also several fatal border clashes between Thailand and Cambodia. The Summit was said to be used as an opportunity for discussions on the sidelines between the respective nations' leaders.
Attendance by leaders.
Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd was en route to the summit from Australia when he was contacted by the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and advised to return. The leaders of China, Japan and Korea had to be airlifted out by their Thai hosts, whilst New Zealand Prime Minister John Key did not make it out of the Bangkok airport grounds.
Rescheduling.
By late April the Thailand Government was looking to reschedule the Summit for June 2009 in Phuket. There had been earlier reports that Indonesia may seek to host the Summit if Thailand could not. Australian press reports suggested it could be held in Vietnam.
In early May Thailand was proposing at a senior officials meeting the dates of 13–14 June in Phuket, with a promise of a 5 km no rally zone around the venue.
This revised date was said to be inconvenient for the leaders of Indonesia, India and New Zealand with it likely the summit would be re-scheduled to October 2009.
The Summit was subsequently confirmed as having been rescheduled for 25 October 2009 in Phuket but then was moved again to Cha-am and Hua Hin.
Outcomes.
The Summit adopted two documents.
The first was a statement on disaster management.
The second related to the re-establishment of Nalanda University by India.
The Chairman's Statement noted:
21.We acknowledged the importance of regional discussions to examine
ways to advance the stability and prosperity of the Asia Pacific region.
In this connection, we noted with appreciation the following:<br>
(a) the Philippines’s proposal to invite the heads of other regional fora
and organizations in Asia-Pacific to future EAS meetings to
discuss measures that will protect the region from future economic
and financial crisis and strengthen Asia economic cooperation,
including through the possible establishment of an economic
community of Asia.<br>
(b) Japan’s new proposal to reinvigorate the discussion towards
building, in the long run, an East Asian community based on the
principle of openness, transparency and inclusiveness and
functional cooperation.<br>
(c) Australia’s proposal on the Asia Pacific community in which
ASEAN will be at its core, will be further discussed at a 1.5 track
conference to be organized by Australia in December 2009.
The Statement of the ASEAN Plus Three meeting noted that it was "a main vehicle" towards building the East Asian Community.

</doc>
<doc id="20514054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514054" title="15th Golden Melody Awards">
15th Golden Melody Awards

The 15th Golden Melody Awards were held on 8 May 2004 outside the Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall in Taipei, Taiwan. Overseas guests included Korean artists, BoA, Kangta and TVXQ of SM Entertainment, Tata Young and Tsubasa Imai.
Summary.
Jay Chou's fourth album "Ye Hui Mei", named after his mother, was awarded "Best Mandarin Album".

</doc>
<doc id="20514058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514058" title="Joseph Patten">
Joseph Patten

Joseph Patten (1710–1787) was a political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1770 to 1774 and from 1775 to 1776.
He was born in Billerica, Massachusetts and came to Nova Scotia around 1760. Patten was named a justice of the peace for Granville township in 1763. In 1774, his seat was declared vacant for non-attendance; he was elected again in 1775.

</doc>
<doc id="20514081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514081" title="Jardin botanique de l'Hôpital d'Instruction des Armées Clermont-Tonnerre">
Jardin botanique de l'Hôpital d'Instruction des Armées Clermont-Tonnerre

The Jardin botanique de l'Hôpital d'Instruction des Armées Clermont-Tonnerre (Botanical Garden of the Teaching Hospital of the Clermont-Tonnerre Armies) is a botanical garden located on the grounds of the Hôpital d'Instruction des Armées Clermont-Tonnerre at Rue du Colonel Fonferrier, Brest, Finistère, in the region of Brittany, France. It is open to the public weekend afternoons; admission is free.
The garden was begun in 1688 by Desclouzeaux, "Intendant de la Marine" at Brest, as a "jardin des simples" for herbs and medicines on the grounds of the royal naval hospital (established 1684). Under the supervision of chief gardener Antoine Laurent (1744-1820) it developed greatly to become an important adjunct to the Jardin du Roi (now Jardin des Plantes) in Paris, as Brest's mild climate favored the cultivation of a wide variety of exotic plants from around the world. By the 19th century it had become a major botanical garden, but the slow withering of its original medical function led to a progressive decline. The garden's remnants were almost totally destroyed in World War II, along with the hospital itself, but in subsequent years the garden has been gradually been restored.
Today the garden's terraces are again open to the public, and still display some 19th-century accessions. The garden is described in "Actu Santé" as containing the oldest two Chinese palms in Europe, the largest "Ginkgo biloba" in Europe, and excellent specimens of Camelias and "Gunnera manicata". Rare and valuable specimens are identified by signs.

</doc>
<doc id="20514096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514096" title="Japan Academy Prize for Outstanding Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role">
Japan Academy Prize for Outstanding Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role

The of the Japan Academy Prize is one of the annual Awards given by the "Nippon Academy-sho association" (Japan Academy Prize Association).

</doc>
<doc id="20514103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514103" title="Wiktor Tomir Drymmer">
Wiktor Tomir Drymmer

Wiktor Tomir Drymmer (1896–1975) was a Polish Army colonel and intelligence officer.
Career.
During World War I, Drymmer was a soldier in the Polish Legions and the Polish Military Organization.
After the war, he became an officer in Section II (the intelligence section) in the General Staff of the Polish Armed Forces, then an official in the Presidium of the Council of Ministers, director of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs Consular Department, and one of the closest collaborators of Foreign Minister Józef Beck.
During the Interbellum he also became chief of the secret K-7 organization, which had developed from an initiative of Edmund Charaszkiewicz's and which supervised certain Polish covert operations.
After World War II, he remained abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="20514106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514106" title="Flatpack (electronics)">
Flatpack (electronics)

Flatpack is a US military standardized Printed-circuit-board surface-mount-component package. The military standard MIL-STD-1835C defines: Flat package (FP). A rectangular or square package with leads parallel to base plane attached on two opposing sides of the package periphery.
The standard further defines different types with varying parameters which includes package body material, terminal location, package outline, lead form and terminal count.
History.
The original flatpack was invented by Y. Tao in 1962 while working for Texas Instruments to achieve improved heat dissipation. The dual in-line package would be invented two years later. The first devices measured 1/4 inch by 1/8 inch (3.2mm x 6.4mm) and had 10 leads.
The flat package was smaller and lighter than the round TO-5 style transistor packages previously used for integrated circuits. Round packages were limited to 10 leads. Integrated circuits needed more leads to take full advantage of increasing device density. Since flat packages were made of glass, ceramic and metal, they could provide hermetic packaging for circuits, protecting them from moisture and corrosion. Flat packs remained popular for military and aerospace applications long after plastic packages became the standard for other application fields. 

</doc>
<doc id="20514115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514115" title="Joey Godee">
Joey Godee

Joey Godee (born 2 March 1989 in Utrecht) is a Dutch footballer, currently playing for Eredivisie side Go Ahead Eagles, on loan from Belgian club Cercle Brugge. He is the son of former footballer Edwin Godee.

</doc>
<doc id="20514121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514121" title="Blackening">
Blackening

Blackening, Blackened, or Blacken may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20514122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514122" title="Kevin Strootman">
Kevin Strootman

Kevin Strootman (born 13 February 1990) is a Dutch international footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian Serie A club Roma.
Club career.
Sparta Rotterdam.
Born in Ridderkerk, Strootman began his career with Sparta Rotterdam, making his professional debut during the 2007–08 season. He signed a contract extension with the club in November 2008. After they were relegated at the end of the 2009–10 Eredivisie season, he played with Sparta in the Eerste Divisie.
Utrecht.
In the January transfer window of 2011, Strootman was signed by FC Utrecht. He played with Utrecht in the second half of the 2010–11 season, before moving to PSV in June 2011.
PSV.
Strootman was joined at PSV with fellow Utrecht recruit Dries Mertens. He said about the move, "I could have continued my development at Utrecht, but PSV is one of the top clubs in Holland, where I can quickly become a better player. This was the most logical step. There have been a number of steps in quick succession, but I do not think about it." Strootman made his PSV debut in a 3–1 home win against AZ. He made 88 total appearances for the Eindhoven club.
Roma.
On , PSV and Roma finalized a deal for Strootman's transfer to the Italian Serie A side in a deal worth €17 million, with the fee potentially rising to €19 million through add-ons. He was given the number 6 shirt. After completing the move, Strootman commented to the "Gazzetta dello Sport", "I'm really happy to be here. The negotiations went on too long, but I'm finally a Roma player. This is a top club, I joined because I know we can start winning immediately." In a pre-season friendly against the Major League Soccer (MLS) All-Stars, Strootman scored one goal — in the fifth minute — and assisted another as Roma prevailed 3–1 at Sporting Park, Kansas City, Kansas. He scored his first goal for Roma in 3–1 victory over Parma. He scored also in two draws, against Torino and Atalanta. Both games finished 1–1.
International career.
Strootman made his senior international debut for the Netherlands against Austria in 2011, and he has appeared in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.
Style of play.
Strootman is said to be a tough-tackling midfielder, possessing good vision and balance on the ball. He is a physical, tactical strong midfielder. He is best used as a central midfielder, often serving as a box-to-box midfielder or a deep-lying playmaker. He is known as the Dutch Roy Keane, drawing comparisons for the uncompromising style of play.

</doc>
<doc id="20514125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514125" title="Roja Ramani">
Roja Ramani

Roja Ramani (born 1959) is a South Indian movie actress who predominantly worked in Telugu cinema. She was a child star in her debut movie "Bhakta Prahlada" (1967), and was popular during the 1970s and early 1980s. She has acted in Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam and Kannada movies. She is an active member of BlueCross and involves in several social service activities.
She is married to S. Chakrapani, a producer/director and Head of ETV Oriya channel.
Ramani has a son, Tharun. As a child artist he has won Best Child Artist Award for his first movie "Anjali" at the age of 7yrs and at the age of 17 years he acted as a hero in "Nuvve Kavali" produced by Usha kiran movies (Ramoji Rao) which was one of the biggest hits in Telugu film industry.
She has a daughter, Amulya, who has a psychology degree and is currently pursuing interior design in Los Angeles, USA.
Career.
Ramani who was born on 16 September 1959. She has more than 45 years of film experience. She acted in more than 300 films in different languages like Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Malayalam, Hindi and Oriya. She also dubbed her voice for over 400 films in Telugu and Tamil for all the leading heroines at the time like Suhasini, Meena, Radhika, Ramya Krishna, Roja, Vijaya Shanthi, Shilpa Shetty, Divya Bharathi, Nagma, Khushboo etc.
She had started her career at the age of 5yrs in 1966 as a title role in a popular and Evergreen Film called "Bhaktha Prahaladha" in Telugu language. It is the first full length Eastman color feature film which was produced by AVM Productions. It was a blockbuster hit film.
She acted in more than 70 films as a child artist and at the age of 13 years she acted as a heroine in Malayalam movie called "Chambarathi" which went on to be a record breaking hit and was a trendsetter at the time. The same movie was remade with Ramani in Telugu as "Kanne Vayasu" and in Tamil as "Paruva Kalam" which also went on to be huge hits.
She was also the Jury member of AP NANDI Awards, AP State Television Awards, International Children’s Film Festival Awards, FilmFare Awards, International Film Festival- Indian Panorama Awards, and Zee Kutumbam Awards etc.
Awards.
She has won more than 50 awards and rewards for her performances and voice dubbing. Like AP State Govt. NANDI Awards, Kerala State Govt, FilmFare, Cinema Express, Cine Herald, Malayala Manorama, Cine Goers, Madras Film Fans Associaction etc.
She was felicitated in 75 years of Indian Cinema Celebration and also in 100 years Cinema Celebration.
She has been honored in America, by Telugu Fine Arts Community in New Jersey and by Telugu Association in Tampa, Florida for her lifetime achievement and contribution to film industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20514128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514128" title="Obadiah Wheelock">
Obadiah Wheelock

Obadiah Wheelock (1738 – after 1800) was a political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Annapolis township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1770 to 1774 and from 1774 to 1776.
He was born in Mendon, Massachusetts and came to Annapolis, Nova Scotia in 1760. He was unseated for non-attendance in 1774 but elected again later that same year.

</doc>
<doc id="20514139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514139" title="Ship graveyard">
Ship graveyard

A ship graveyard or ship cemetery is a location where the hulls of scrapped ships are left to decay and disintegrate, or left in reserve. Such a practice is now less common due to waste regulations and so some dry docks where ships are dismantled (to recycle their metal and remove dangerous materials like asbestos) are also known as ship graveyards.
By analogy, the phrase can also refer to a large number of shipwrecks which have accumulated in a single area but not been removed by human agency, instead being left to disintegrate naturally. These can form in places where navigation is difficult or dangerous (such as the Goodwin Sands or Blackpool), where a large number of ships have been deliberately scuttled together (as with the Kaiserliche Marine at Scapa Flow), or where a large number of ships have been sunk in battle.
List of ship graveyards.
Australia.
All states and territories of Australia, except the Australian Capital Territory, have ships' graveyards
New South Wales:
Northern Territory:
Queensland:
South Australia:
Tasmania:
Victoria:
Western Australia:

</doc>
<doc id="20514145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514145" title="Richard Howland Hunt">
Richard Howland Hunt

Richard Howland Hunt (14 March 1862 — 12 July 1931) was an American architect and member of the notable Hunt family of Vermont, who worked in partnership with his brother Joseph Howland Hunt (1870 — 11 October 1924) in New York City, as Hunt & Hunt. The brothers were sons of the first American Beaux-Arts architect, Richard Morris Hunt (1827 — 1895). Richard practiced in his father's office until the elder Hunt's death in July 1895, and continued, not without initial resistance on the part of trustees, to carry out his father's designs for the central block of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. After a brief interval, the brothers formed a partnership in 1901 that was only terminated by Joseph's death in 1924.
Richard Howland Hunt, the older son, studied architecture at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the École des Beaux-Arts, Paris, where his father Richard Morris Hunt had studied. In 1887 Richard Howland Hunt joined his father's offices, first as a draftsman and later an associate. In the interim following his father's death he attracted wealthy clients and built residences such as the Margaret Shepard house at 5 East 66th Street (1900), now housing the Lotos Club.
Joseph Howland Hunt studied at Harvard College and the School of Architecture at Columbia University before following his brother to the École des Beaux-Arts, returning to New York in 1901. Urban residences by Hunt & Hunt include the two Beaux-Arts houses designed for George W. Vanderbilt at 645 and 647 Fifth Avenue, known as The "Marble Twins". Only No. 647, a designated New York City Landmark, survives today. 
The brothers were primarily known for their elegant residences in Long Island, Tuxedo Park, New York, and Newport, Rhode Island. Their armory building for the 69th Regiment, New York, was the first armory to abandon pseudo-medieval crenellations.
Collaborations with sculptors.
As did many of the architects of the time, Hunt & Hunt designed bases and pedestals for sculptors. These include:
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="20514153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514153" title="Big in Japan (phrase)">
Big in Japan (phrase)

Big in Japan is an expression historically used to describe western based musical groups who achieve success in Japan but not necessarily in other parts of the world.
Original usage.
The phrase began to appear on several major Japanese foreign-rock magazines, especially the "Music Life" magazine, in the late 1970s, and in most cases, the "big in Japan" artists became popular in Japan due to being featured by "Music Life".
In the late 20th century, notable "big in Japan" artists included several stadium rock bands from the United States, metal artists from Northern European countries such as Norway, Denmark, and especially Sweden and Finland, eurobeat artists from Germany and especially Italy, and UK rock artists.
Some bands have used their popularity in Japan as a springboard to break into other audiences. Notably, the power pop group Cheap Trick, which had been known as the "American Beatles" in Japan for their appeal, achieved widespread success with their multi-platinum live album "Cheap Trick at Budokan". The band had previously struggled to break into the mainstream American market with their earlier albums. Furthermore, like Cheap Trick, some bands have lost their "big in Japan" titles after gaining popularity in their respective homelands. The most notable example is Queen, along with Bon Jovi.
For example, Scorpions initially had only mediocre success in Europe and the United States, yet were "Big in Japan", as evidenced by their 1978 tour of the country and the double live album "Tokyo Tapes". Another example is The Ventures, a band formed in 1959 and touring Japan each year since 1965, having logged over 2,000 concerts there by 2006. "Being 'Big in Japan' turned into a positive sign of their closeness to the hearts of Japanese people, with the band embedded in national and local rock cultures."
The phrase was used as the name of a UK punk band in 1977-82 (whose name inspired the title of a 1984 hit single by pop band Alphaville) and was the name of the lead track on the Grammy-winning 1999 album "Mule Variations" by Tom Waits. The mockumentary "This is Spinal Tap" parodies this phenomenon when the band schedules a Japanese tour after discovering that their single ""Sex Farm"" is inexplicably selling very well there.
Other usage.
Some people in other industries besides music, most notably Bob Sapp and Takeshi Kaneshiro, have been described as "big in Japan".
Many Thai kickboxers in K-1, most notably Buakaw Por. Pramuk, who is also the most popular kickboxer among women in Japan, have been considered "big in Japan", as most of them are successful in K-1 but it is widely believed in Japan that their muay thai accomplishments in Thailand are usually not very good and therefore they are not well-recognized in Thailand.
It has also been used in sports, for instance, to describe Major League Baseball players who join Japanese clubs at the end of their careers, such as Daryl Spencer.
"Small in Japan".
The derivative phrase "small in Japan", originally used for AC/DC, has been used since the early 1980s. In general, a small-in-Japan artist holds significant popularity in the Western world (in most cases the United States), and visits Japan many times to promote himself/herself, yet is almost unknown and unsuccessful in Japan despite being heavily featured by Japanese music media. Notable small-in-Japan individuals in the 2000s included Colbie Caillat, Alicia Keys, Jennifer Lopez, Eminem, The Jonas Brothers, Amy Winehouse, Linkin Park, Lindsay Lohan, 50 Cent, The Libertines, Jessica Simpson, and Connie Talbot.
In Japanese culture, the phrase "small in Japan" is also used to describe Japanese celebrities who are unknown, unsuccessful or "forgotten" in Japan but making their ways outside Japan. The phrase has been used to refer to certain musicians such as Dir En Grey, certain professional wrestlers such as Tajiri and Yoshi Tatsu, certain fashion models such as Ai Tominaga and Tao Okamoto, and all the Miss Universe contestants from Japan, most of whom are former unsuccessful fashion models, including Kurara Chibana and Riyo Mori.
In one exceptional case, "Digital Arts" magazine has used the phrase to describe the Xbox, a videogame console that was a success all over the world except in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20514168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514168" title="Valencian Community">
Valencian Community

The Valencian Community (; ; ; also known in Valencian as "País Valencià") is an autonomous community of Spain located in the central and south-eastern Iberian Peninsula. Its capital and largest city is Valencia. The region is divided into three provinces: Alicante, Castellón and Valencia, and thirty four "comarques".
It has 518 km of Mediterranean coastline and covers 23,259 km² of land with 5.1 million inhabitants (2009). Its borders largely reflect those of the historic Kingdom of Valencia.
The current version of the Valencian Statute of Autonomy (2006) declares the Valencian Community "nationality" of Spain. The official languages are Valencian (as Catalan is known in this territory) and Spanish.
Names.
The official name of the autonomous community, in Valencian "Comunitat Valenciana", has seen a variety of renditions in English; including "Valencian Community", "Valencian Country", "Land of Valencia", "Region of Valencia" or most commonly, simply "Valencia". The Spanish name, "Comunidad Valenciana", was co-official under the first Statute of Autonomy of 1982. At the present moment, the Valencian Government translates the name as "Region of Valencia" and, sometimes, "Land of Valencia", as the Department of Tourism states in publications edited both in Spanish and English.
Although "Comunitat Valenciana", out of official consideration, is the most widely used name and the one that has become officially enshrined, there were two competing names at the time of the forging of the Valencian Statute of Autonomy. On the one hand "País Valencià" ("País Valenciano" in Spanish), was first reported in the 18th century, but its usage only became noticeable from the 1960s onwards, with a left-wing or Valencian nationalist subtext which began with the Spanish Transition to democracy in the late 1970s and early 1980s. It can be translated as "Valencian Country", or "Region of Valencia". An example of this use is the so-called "Consell pre-autonòmic del País Valencià", the forerunner of the modern Generalitat Valenciana in 1978, and it is also referred to in the preamble of the Statute of Autonomy.
In order to solve the gap between the two competing names—the traditional "Regne de València" and the contemporary "País Valencià"—a compromise neologism, "Comunitat Valenciana", was created (""Comunitat" or Community" such as in Autonomous Community, which is the official name of the Spanish regions constituted as political autonomous entities).
In any case, the generic name of "Valencia" in English could refer to the city of Valencia, the Valencia province or the autonomous community.
History.
The pre-Roman autochthon people of the Valencian Community were the Iberians, who were divided in several groups.
The origins of present day Valencia date back to the former Kingdom of Valencia ("Regne de València"), which came into existence in the 13th century. James I of Aragon led Christian conquest and colonization of the existing Islamic "taifas" with Aragonese and Catalan people in 1208 and founded the Kingdom of Valencia as a third independent country within the Crown of Aragon in 1238.
In 1707, in the context the War of the Spanish Succession, and by means of the "Nueva Planta" decrees, king Philip V of Spain subordinated the Kingdom of Valencia, and the rest of the countries belonging to the former Crown of Aragon and which had retained some autonomy, to the structure of the Kingdom of Castile and its laws and customs. As a result of this, the institutions and laws created by the Furs of Valencia ("Furs de València") were abolished and the usage of the Valencian language in official instances and education was forbidden. Consequently, with the House of Bourbon, a new Kingdom of Spain was formed implementing a more centralized government than the former Habsburg Spain. 
The first attempt to gain self-government for the Region of Valencia in modern-day Spain was during the Second Spanish Republic, in 1936, but the Civil War broke out and the autonomist project was suspended. In 1977, after Franco's dictatorship Valencia started to be partially autonomous with the creation of the "Consell Pre-autonòmic del País Valencià" (Pre-autonomous Council of the Valencian Country), and in 1982 the self-government was finally extended into a Statute of Autonomy (devolved government) creating several self-government institutions under the Generalitat Valenciana. The first democratically elected President of the Generalitat Valenciana, Joan Lerma, took office in 1982 as part of the transition to autonomy. 
The Valencian Statute of Autonomy make clear that Valencia is intended to be the modern conception of self-government of the Valencian Country from the first autonomist movements ("autogovern") during Second Spanish Republic, but also joining it to the traditional conception of Valencian identity, as being the successor to the historical Kingdom of Valencia ("furs"). In fact, after a bipartisan reform of the Valencian Statute of Autonomy in 2006, it records the foral civil law, using the traditional conception of a kingdom, and, on the other hand, it also recognizes Valencia as a nationality, in accordance with the modern conception.
Geography.
Relief.
The inland part of the territory is craggy, with some of the highest peaks in the Valencia and Castellón provinces forming part of the Iberian mountain range. The mountains in the Alicante province are in turn a part of the Subbaetic range.
The most emblematic mountain of the Valencian Community is the Penyagolosa, in the Alcalatén area. It is widely thought to be the highest peak with 1,813 m, but actually the highest peak is the "Calderón" (1,839 m) located in the Rincón de Ademuz, a Valencian exclave between Aragon and Castile–La Mancha. The most emblematic mountain in the southern part of the territory is the Aitana (1,558 m).
The rather thin coastal strip is a very fertile plain mainly free of remarkable mountains except those around the Cap de la Nau area in northern Alicante province and the Peñíscola ("Peníscola") area in the Castellón province. Typical of this coastal area are wetlands and marshlands such as "L'Albufera" close to Valencia, "El Fondo" in Elche and Crevillent, "La Marjal" near Pego or "El Prat" in Cabanes, also the former wetlands and salt evaporation ponds in the Santa Pola and Torrevieja area. All of them are key RAMSAR sites which make Valencia of high relevance for both migratory and resident seabirds and waterbirds.
There are many important coastal dunes in the "Saler" area near the Albufera and in the Guardamar area, both of them were planted with thousands of trees during the 19th century in order to fix the dunes, thus forming now protected areas of remarkable ecologic value.
In addition to mainland Valencia, the Valencian territory administers the tiny Columbretes Islands and the coastal inhabited islet of Tabarca.
Climate.
Valencia has a generally mild climate, heavily influenced by the neighbouring Mediterranean sea. Still, there are important differences between areas:
Hydrography.
There are only two major rivers: the Segura in the Alicante province (whose source is in Andalusia) and the Júcar ("Xúquer" in Valencian) in the Valencia province (whose source is in Castile–La Mancha) both are subjected to very intense human regulation for cities, industries and -specially- agricultural consumption. The river Turia ("Túria") is the third largest and has its source in Aragon. Most rivers in the area, such as the Vinalopó, are usually short, and have little current (due to agricultural usage, climatic reasons or both) and often completely dry during the summer. Other Valencian rivers are the Serpis and Sénia.
Demographics.
The Valencian population traditionally concentrated in localities with fertile cultivation and growing lowlands by the most important rivers (Júcar, Turia, Segura, Vinalopó), also in harbour cities important to the agricultural trade.
The most important population centres used to be, during the Roman times, Sagunto ("Sagunt" in Valencian) and Dénia; later on in history, Valencia ("València"), Alicante ("Alacant"), Xàtiva, Orihuela, Elche ("Elx"), Gandia, and Villarreal ("Vila-real") and, more recently, Alzira and Castellón de la Plana ("Castelló de la Plana").
With a total population of 5,111,706 (2009), the Valencian Community ranks the 4th most populated autonomous community of Spain. The population density which is higher in the central and southern regions and minor in the northern and inner ones, is derived from the traditional distribution of people which originated
in the orographic characteristics of the Valencian territory and the possibility to obtain irrigated land agriculture. Demographics were also affected by (being perhaps the exception to the mentioned distribution) the great industrial activity and the commerce of agriculturally derived products during the 20th century of noncoastal cities like Alcoy ("Alcoi"), Elda, Ontinyent, Petrer, Villena, and La Vall d'Uixó.
In the last years, concentration in the provincial capitals and its metropolitan areas has augmented considerably (e.g. Torrent, Mislata, Paterna, Burjassot, San Vicente del Raspeig ("Sant Vicent del Raspeig"), etc.) especially in all the coastal cities and towns. Thus, traditionally small populations such as Benidorm or Torrevieja have undergone a considerable population increase (still more remarkable during summertime) due to the seasonal migration of tourists.
Therefore, Valencia's population is nowadays clearly urban and coastal, also influenced by seasonal tourism. See major core cities (municipalities) and metropolitan areas of the Land of Valencia:
Economics.
Valencia is long and narrow, running mainly north-south; historically, its rather steep and irregular terrain has made communications and the exploitation of the soil difficult, although the soil of the coastal plain is particularly fertile. This coastal axis has facilitated connections with Europe, either by sea through the Mediterranean, or by land through Catalonia.
The Valencian territory has few natural resources; the only important mineral deposit is the marble quarried in Alicante province.
Hydrological resources (see Geography above) are also lacking: the demand for water exceeds the supply, with this imbalance especially serious in Alicante province. In particularly severe drought years, the problem is managed through occasional nocturnal restrictions during summer and exploitation of aquifers. Valencia's water needs result in harsh contention with neighbouring regions such as Castile–La Mancha and Catalonia.
Agriculture—more specifically, citrus cultivation for the export market—was responsible for Valencia's first economic boom in the late 19th century, after centuries of slow development and even decay. Although in absolute terms the agricultural sector has continued to grow, the boom in the secondary and tertiary sectors during the Spanish miracle of the 1960s, has meant that its relative importance has decreased over time. The provinces of Castellón and Valencia still have thousands of hectares of citrus-producing groves and citrus continues to be a major source of income on the countryside. Alicante province also grows citrus, but its agriculture is more diversified with a higher presence of vegetables, especially in the Vega Baja del Segura area.
Though the low insulation rate and overall stable weather during the summer may pose a threat to water supplies for agriculture and human consumption, conversely this climate allows tourism to be the province's main industry. Very dense residential housing along the coast, occupied by locals, people from inland Spain and from other EU countries (mostly from the British Isles, Benelux, Germany and Scandinavia), boosts the summertime population (and hydrological demands).
In 2004, Valencia's GDP was 93.9% of the European Union average, although this figure may be too low because of the important presence of foreign residents either from other regions of Europe or economic immigrants, who are not properly represented in the official statistics. As in all of Spain, there was significant growth in the years immediately following 2004, at least until the 2008–13 Spanish financial crisis.
In 2008, the Land of Valencia generated 9.7% of the Spanish GDP. In terms of human resources, the unemployment rate was over 21% in 2009, and even greater among women, and the rate of activity reached 56.8% in 2002. The typical Valencian business is a small-to-medium-sized company, mainly family-owned and operated, although there are some multinationals.
In addition to tourism, the Valencia has significant exports, and is ranks second in this respect among the Spanish autonomous communities, constituting 12% of the national total. Major exports include agricultural products, ceramic tiles, marble products and cars (Ford has an assembly line in Almussafes), which make the port of Valencia one the busiest in Spain.
In 2011, the Valencian Community ranked as the 114th largest country subdivision by GDP (nominal), just behind Uttar Pradesh (India) and ahead Andhra Pradesh (India).
Politics.
Institutions of government: "La Generalitat".
In the process whereby democracy was restored in Spain between 1975–1978, the nationalist and regionalist parties pressed to grant home rule to certain territories in Spain. The constitution of 1978 opened a legal way for autonomous communities to be formed from provinces with common historical and cultural links. In recognition of the Region of Valencia as a historical nationality of Spain, and in accordance to the second article of the Spanish Constitution which grants autonomy to the "nationalities and regions" that comprise the Spanish nation, Valencia was granted self-government and constituted itself as an autonomous community in 1982, with the promulgation of its first Statute of Autonomy, the basic organic law, later approved by the General Courts of Spain.
All autonomous communities were organized politically within a parliamentary system; that is, the executive branch of government. The "President" is dependent on the direct support of the legislative power, whose members elect him by majority.
A new Statute of Autonomy was promulgated in 2006. The government of Valencia is represented by the Generalitat Valenciana (statutorily referred to simply as "La Generalitat") constituted by three institutions:
The Generalitat can also be integrated by the institutions that the Valencian Courts create. The Courts have approved the creation of the "Síndic de Greuges" (the Ombudsman), the "Sindicatura de Comptes" (Public Audit Office), the "Consell Valencià de Cultura" (Valencian Council of Culture), the Acadèmia Valenciana de la Llengua (Valencian Academy of the Language), the Juridic and Consultative Council and the Social and Economic Committee.
Valencian symbols.
The official Valencian anthem is the Hymn of the Regional Exhibition of 1909 ("Himne de l'Exposició Regional de 1909" in Valencian; commonly known as the "Himne de València", "Anthem of Valencia"), in whose composition the old hymn of the City of Valencia of the 16th century is included. The emblem of the Valencian Generalitat includes the seal of King Peter IV of Aragon, representative of the historical Kingdom of Valencia, whose shield is inclined towards the right, or, four bars Gules.
The official flag, the Royal Senyera ("Reial Senyera"), also known as "Senyera Coronada" (Crowned Senyera) or "Senyera Tricolor" (Tricolour Senyera) is the same as Valencia's City flag, which, in turn, is a historical derivation of the "Senyera", the heraldic symbol of the Crown of Aragon, also used today with few variations in all the former Kingdoms and Counties which were a part of this crown. There are also a number of Valencian private and civil entities such as trade unions, cultural associations, or political parties which simply use the "Senyera" as Valencian flag.
Other symbols are used at different levels by the Valencian society, like the heraldic animals of "rat-penat" (a bat) and "drac alat" (a winged dragon which was the emblem of James I), or the music of the Muixeranga, among others.
Languages.
Valencian and Spanish are the official languages of Valencia. Spanish is the official language of the Spanish state, while Valencian is the language considered by the Statute of Autonomy as "llengua pròpia" ("own language" or "language proper" to the territory). Valencian is traditionally spoken in the densely populated coastal areas rather than inland, where many places have Spanish as their traditional language, also those areas incorporated into the provinces of Alicante and Valencia at their creation in 1833 and which did not form part of the historical Kingdom of Valencia. Consequently, the 1984 Law on the "Use and Education of Valencian" defines certain municipalities as "predominantly Spanish-speaking", and allows them some few optional exceptions as to official use of Valencian, even though the right to use and to receive education in Valencian is guaranteed by the Statute of Autonomy (Art. 6.2) anywhere in Valencia.
Even in areas which formed part of the former Kingdom of Valencia, the knowledge and use of Valencian has diminished by language shift (especially relevant during the Francoist era) also influenced by immigration from other parts of Spain and the world. The knowledge of Valencian in those areas defined as "predominantly Valencian-speaking" by the Generalitat Valenciana (83% can understand, 58% can speak) is scarcely any higher than in Valencia as a whole (see table).
Valencian is regulated by the Valencian Academy of the Language ("Acadèmia Valenciana de la Llengua", AVL), created in 1998. The law that instituted the Academy, originally declared that Valencian was part of the same linguistic system that the former territories of the Crown of Aragon—namely Catalonia and the Balearic Islands—recognize as their "own language" or "language proper" to their territories. Note, that, as of 1996, Valencian was considered a dialect of Catalan by most linguists. However, in a subsequent official statement, in 2005, the AVL stated that the language spoken in Valencia is the same language that is spoken in Catalonia and the Balearic Islands, and that the different varieties constituted a "single language" which refers to the term "linguistic system" used in the previous law. The Institute of Catalan Studies ("Institut d'Estudis Catalans", IEC), also considers Catalan and Valencian to be the same language. Even though phonetic differences are evident, written standard Valencian differs only slightly from written standard Central Catalan. There is also a Valencian Sign Language which has been granted a special protection from the Statute of Autonomy for those Valencian deaf persons.
Many Valencians, as well as the Valencian political parties, think that early Valencian literature preceded Catalan literature; they consider Catalan to be a product or early Valencian and a different language. Politically, it is feared that placing Valencian as a dialect of Catalan will put Valencia in a vulnerable position in front of Catalonia.
Aside from purely philological criteria, the traditional and usual name of the language in Valencia is "Valencian". The widespread usage of this term by citizenry and all major parties does not necessarily deny nor endorse its Catalan linguistic filiation. Both Catalan and Valencian have slightly different standards, something which has produced some confusion as to whether they are both regarded as the same language or not. Thus, some Spanish government documents contain different versions for Catalonia and Valencia, then, in the 2005 referendum to approve the proposed European Constitution the Spanish government at first distributed identical translations of the Constitutional Treaty in standard Catalan, the same for Catalonia and Valencia. This provoked a vocal reaction of the Valencian regional government demanding the translation to be in standard Valencian, once it was approved, then, in turn, the Catalan government, as a means to endorse philological identity between Catalan and Valencian, assumed the Valencian standard and did not use the standard Catalan one in the leaflets used in Catalonia.
The ruling conservative People's Party (PP), mostly avoids addressing the filiation of Catalan and Valencian, while effectively endorsing the Valencian standard which is most consistent with Catalan; in spite of this, it may be quite vocal in reacting and defending "Valencian translations" on occasions like the European referendum mentioned above. Furthermore, the PP includes a right-wing group sympathetic to or absorbed from the Blaverism movement, which opposes considering these two as a single language.
Education.
State Education in Spain and the Valencian Community is free and compulsory from six to sixteen years of age. The current education system is called LOE (, ).
Levels.
Children from three to five years old in the Valencian Community have the option of attending the "infantil" or Pre-school stage, which is non-compulsory and free for all students. It is regarded as an integral part of the education system with infantil classes in almost every primary school. There are some separate nursery schools.
Valencian students aged six to sixteen undergo primary and secondary school education, which are compulsory and free of charge. Successful students are awarded a Secondary Education Certificate, which is necessary for entering further (optional) education as for their University or Vocational Studies.
Once students have finished their "Bachillerato" (Valencian: "Batxillerat"), they can take their University Entrance Exam (Spanish: "Pruebas de Acesso a la Universidad", Valencian: "Proves d'Accés a la Universitat"), known commonly in Spanish as "La Selectividad" (Valencian: "Selectivitat") which differs greatly from region to region.
The secondary stage of education is normally referred to by their initials, e.g. "ESO" standing for "Educación Secundaria Obligatoria" (Valencian: "Educació Secundària Obligatòria").
Universities.
The Valencian Community is home to a number of prestigious universities (Spanish: "universidades", Valencian: "universitats") like the University of Valencia, founded in 1499. At the request of James I of Aragon, Pope Innocent IV in 1246, authorized by a papal bull the establishment of "estudis generals" in Valencia. The University Statutes were passed by the municipal magistrates of Valencia on April 30, 1499; this is considered to be the 'founding' of the University. In 1501, Pope Alexander VI signed the bill of approval and one year later Ferdinand II of Aragon proclaimed the Royal Mandatory Concession. Only very meagre accounts have been preserved of the practical workings of the university. From the time of its foundation the courses included Latin, Greek, Hebrew, Arabic, philosophy, mathematics, physics, theology, Canon law, and medicine.
Nowadays the Polytechnic University of Valencia has become one of the most prestigious universities in Spain, according to its technology, investigation, several degrees offering and closed relations with the most important universities in the world such as Cambridge, Oxford and Harvard. Most faculties and colleges are seat in the city of Valencia, with some branches in Gandia and Alcoy.
Other universities are University of Alicante, Miguel Hernández University in Elche, Jaume I University and Valencian International University in Castellón de la Plana, Catholic University of Valencia, and CEU Cardenal Herrera University in Valencia.
Transport.
Air.
The Valencian Community is served by two international airports, Alicante Airport, which is mainly tourist-oriented and Valencia Airport, which carries more business traffic. A third airport, in Castellón province in the north of the Valencian territory, is a white elephant which was officially opened on 25 March 2011 but which still has to receive a single commercial flight.
A new terminal at Alicante Airport was opened by the end of March 2011. The New Alicante Terminal (NAT) replaced the other two existing terminals T1 and T2, doubling the passenger capacity of the airport to 20m passengers per annum. Valencia airport is also being expanded to serve the higher passenger demand due to new flight connections to the city.
Train.
The Valencian Community has a quite extended rail system which connects the principal cities with the rest of Spain such as the Euromed towards Catalonia and Alaris towards Madrid, or northern and southern Spain, both run by the Spanish national rail company RENFE.
In December 2010 was opened the high speed rail (AVE) Madrid–Valencia, part of the Madrid–Levante high-speed rail line. The current high speed station, Valencia-Joaquín Sorolla, is a provisional station located in the outskirts of the city of Valencia. It is expected in the coming years the high speed line Madrid–Valencia will reach Valencia Central Station through an underground tunnel.
High speed rail Madrid–Alicante is planned to open in 2012, with also a provisional station in the outskirts.
There are some medium-range plans for further high speed connections, like the Valencia–Bilbao link via Zaragoza or the Mediterranean high speed rail corridor.
In addition, the Generalitat Valenciana has planned on building a regional high speed rail through the coast, to connect all major coastal cities like Valencia, Gandia, Dénia, Benidorm, Villajoyosa, Alicante and Torrevieja.
Commuter rail and Metro.
Cercanías ("Rodalia" in Valencian) is the commuter rail service that serves all three provincial capitals of Valencia and their metropolitan areas. It is operated by Cercanías Renfe, the commuter rail division of RENFE.
While the Valencian-owned company, Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat Valenciana (FGV) operates a tram-train line between Alicante, Benidorm and Dénia. It also operates the city tram and metro system of Valencia (Valencia Metro) and Alicante (Alicante Tram). There is as well a third new tram and trolleybus system being built in Castellón de la Plana and its metropolitan area. Additionally both, Valencia metro and Alicante tram are being extended to serve uncovered areas, like the new tram line planned to open in the coming months towards the University of Alicante and San Vicente del Raspeig.
Gastronomy.
The Valencian gastronomy is of great variety, although their more international dishes are rice based ("arròs" in Valencian), like the Valencian paella known worldwide. Rice is a basic ingredient in many of the typical dishes, like the "arròs negre", "arròs amb costra", "arròs a banda", "arròs a la pedra", "arròs caldós", among many.
The Valencian Mediterranean climate favors the cultivation of vegetables and citrus fruits, with the cultivation of the orange being perhaps of highest importance as one of the typical fruits of Valencian agriculture.
Drinks.
"Orxata" ("horchata" in Spanish), production of which has traditionally been centred around Alboraya ("Alboraia"), is a typical drink, accompanied with "fartons". Also traditional are the production of coffee liqueur (typical of Alcoy), and mistela (in Marina Baixa and Hoya de Buñol ("Foia de Bunyol")).
Desserts.
The great majority of desserts typical of Valencia have their origin in Arabic times and play an important part in the local festive activities. Some are internationally famous. Xixona is the place of traditional manufacture of "turrón", "torró" in Valencian (a soft nougat), consumed during Christmas in Spain and the rest of the Hispanic world. In Casinos the "turrón" is typical too but the most important manufacture of the village is "peladillas" (dragées and sugared almonds). In Xàtiva, the "arnadí", a dessert elaborated with pumpkin is made. And in Orihuela and its region the "almojábanas".
Sports.
Football (association football) is the most widely known sport. There are teams in every town or village, four of which are currently playing in La Liga, Spain's premier league: Valencia CF, Villareal CF, Elche CF and Levante UD. There are many big teams elsewhere, such as CD Alcoyano, Hércules CF, and CD Castellón.
Professional Basketball is represented by one team, Valencia BC in the top league, the ACB. Also, Ros Casares Valencia is a female basketball team, which is the current champion of the Spanish Women's League and finalist of the Euroleague Women.
Motorcycle races are very popular, as the Circuit of Valencia race track and its hosted Valencian Community Grand Prix prove.
The autochthonous Valencian sport is the Valencian pilota, which features a professional Valencian Pilota Squad for international matches with related ball games all around the world. This sport has many variants, that may be played at the streets or at special courtfields like the trinquet. It may also be played by teams or on individual challenges. An amazing trait of this sport is that spectators may sit very close or even in the middle of the court. Even while the match is ongoing bookmakers take bets for "reds" or "blues", since these are the colours players must wear, red being the colour of the strongest team or player. The "Valencian pilota" can be traced to the 15th century, but it was abandoned during modern times, this decadence is being fought back with TV broadcasts, new built colleges have courtfields and a new professional players firm, ValNet.
Another relevant game is the pigeon sport, with an autochthonous dove race being trained, the "gavatxut valencià".
Petanca and its variant Calitx are traditional sports as well, especially in towns or among elders.
Regarding female professional sports, Valencian Handball rules the Spanish Honor division league with more than half of the teams, such as CE Handbol Marítim ("Astroc Sagunto") and CBF Elda ("Elda Prestigio").
Provinces.
Traditionally the land is divided into "comarques", and in 1833 was, along with the rest of Spain, divided into provinces according to a decree from minister Javier de Burgos. There are 32 "comarques", and three provinces: Castellón/Castelló, Valencia/València, and Alicante/Alacant (names in Spanish/Valencian).
Here is a list of some of the largest cities:

</doc>
<doc id="20514172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514172" title="Kapesovo">
Kapesovo

Kapesovo () is a village in the Zagori region (Epirus region), it is 43 km north of Ioannina. The name Kapesovo is slavic and means garden. The village used to be more south near Baya (Kipi), where lots of vegetables were grown and it was called "Kapouska". It was later moved to its current position for health reasons. There is a big cliff next to the village called "Kapesios" (a slavic word that means cliff) and the name of the village might be related to it. 
The village is near the Vikos canyon, the view of which is spectacular at certain spots.
History.
At 18th and 19th century Kapesovo was renowned in Epirus for its painters, called mpogades (), that worked in dozens of churches from Moscopole to Arta.
Kapesovo experienced a great flourishing until 1860 and this is evident in the great manors with folk wall paintings and churches with paintings (hagiographies) in their interior. The church of Aghios Nikolaos, built in 1793, the cultural center and the folkloric museum are some of the village's attractions. In the Paschaleios School, found at 1861, by Konstantinos and Pavlos Paschalis, is kept today one of the four copies of Rigas Fereos chart. 
Out of the village is a cobble stone pathway down a steep rocky slope that leads to nearby Vradeto. The pathway is a work of great craftsmanship of Epirotic artisans.
The Kapesovites used to migrate mostly to Egypt and the U.S. In Greece, they migrated to Macedonia and Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="20514176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514176" title="Gedong Songo">
Gedong Songo

Gedong Songo () is a Hindu temple located in Central Java, Indonesia. The site was originally built during the Sanjaya dynasty which controlled Central Java during the 8th and 9th centuries. Similar to Dieng Plateau, Gedong Songo was erected out of volcanic stone and the two complexes represent the oldest Hindu structures in Java. Dieng and Gedong Songo predate Borobudur and Prambanan. The temples of Gedong Songo reflect a similar architectural structure to the Dieng Plateau. However, Gedong Songo displays more emphasis on plinth and cornice moulding. At Temple 3, an entrance is outlined by a vestibule that is decorated by guardian figures.

</doc>
<doc id="20514186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514186" title="Erik Falkenburg">
Erik Falkenburg

Erik Falkenburg (; born 5 May 1988 in Leiden) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for Go Ahead Eagles, on loan from AZ, as an attacking midfielder.
He made his debut as a professional player on 23 January 2008 in a match against PSV Eindhoven.
He made his debut for the Netherlands U-21 national football team in the qualifier for the UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship against Liechtenstein, which the Netherlands won 3–0. Falkenburg scored the second goal.
In 2009 Falkenburg signed a three-year contract that binds him to Sparta Rotterdam until the summer of 2012. However, on 16 June 2010, Falkenburg signed a contract with 2009 Dutch champions AZ Alkmaar until 2014. In January 2013, he was sent on loan to NEC. He returned to AZ in the summer of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20514198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514198" title="Cees Toet">
Cees Toet

Cees Toet (born 26 September 1987) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a defender for Almere City. Born in Den Haag, he has played in the Eredivisie for Sparta Rotterdam, and the Eerste Divisie for RBC Roosendaal and his current club.

</doc>
<doc id="20514220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514220" title="Aekamba">
Aekamba

Aekamba is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7781.

</doc>
<doc id="20514223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514223" title="Amaduwa">
Amaduwa

Amaduwa is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4715 people living in 857 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20514226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514226" title="Amahibelaha">
Amahibelaha

Amahibelaha is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4700 people living in 834 individual households.
Amahibelaha is the site of the only science center in Napel, Everest Science Center Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="20514230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514230" title="Aurabarni">
Aurabarni

Aurabarni is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5932 people living in 1101 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20514232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514232" title="Hugo Eberlein">
Hugo Eberlein

Hugo Eberlein (May 4, 1887 – October 16, 1941) was a German Communist politician. He took part of the founding congress of the Communist Party of Germany (Dec-Jan 1919), and then in the First Congress of the Comintern (March 2–6, 1919), where he held important posts until 1928, the result of his involvement with the Conciliator faction. When the Nazis took power in Germany in 1933, Eberlein fled to the Soviet Union, where he found refuge at the Hotel Lux. In July 1937, he fell under the Stalinist terror. In January 1938, was interrogated and tortured for ten days and nights. In April 1938, he was brought to Lefortovo Prison, where he was tortured for weeks at a time, and then in 1939, he was sentenced to 15 years in the Vorkuta Gulag. He was returned to Moscow in 1941, when he was tried and sentenced again and was shot on October 16, 1941. Hugo Eberlein was later rehabilitated and became a national hero in East Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20514233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514233" title="Babiya">
Babiya

Babiya is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5546 people living in 888 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20514235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20514235" title="Bakalauri">
Bakalauri

Bakalauri is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11,835 people living in 2276 individual households.

</doc>
