<doc id="20263359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263359" title="Rachel Martin">
Rachel Martin

Rachel Martin (born December 14, 1954) is an American performance artist, draftsman, painter, printmaker, musician and writer based in Austin, Texas.
Early life.
Martin was born in Yuba City, California as Dee-Deborah Rachel Martin. She has also been known as Rachel Martin-Hinshaw.
Education.
Martin majored in English and took art and dance courses at University of North Texas in Denton and Texas Tech University in Lubbock prior to obtaining her BFA in studio art at the University of Texas at Austin. 
During her student years in Austin, Martin worked with transmedia artists Bogdan Perzynski and Bill Lundberg and with performance artists Carolee Schneemann and Linda Montano. In 1994 she collaborated with Montano on a piece entitled "Day without Art", performed at the University of Texas.
Hard Women.
Martin formed the performance art group Hard Women in 1990, which performed frequently in Austin, Houston and San Antonio until 1994. Martin and Suze Kemper, an original member of Hard Women, came together again for a number of performances in 2003.
Martin's performances often involved performing on the accordion, on which she has been a virtuoso since childhood.
Professional career.
Martin has taught Performance Art at the University of Texas at Austin. Since 2003 Martin has been Assistant Dean for Student Affairs in the University of Texas at Austin, College of Fine Arts.
In 2007 Martin was honored by the National Academic Advising Association, South Central Region 7 Awards for Outstanding Advising Administrator- Certificate of Merit 
In 1993 & 1998 Martin was honored by the James W. Vick, Texas Excellence Awards for Academic Advising for her exceptional work with students. The award nominees are selected by students, and a student selection committee to recognize academic advisers "who have had an effective, positive influence on the educational experience of university students"
Personal life.
Martin's son, Jimmie D. Martin-Hinshaw, is also a performance artist based in Austin, Texas. 
Her Boston Terrier, Buster (named after Buster Keaton) figures frequently in her drawings and paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="20263375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263375" title="Pioneer Club Las Vegas">
Pioneer Club Las Vegas

Pioneer Club Las Vegas was a casino that opened in 1942 and was located in Downtown Las Vegas, Nevada, at 25 East Fremont Street. It ceased operating as a casino in 1995, the same year the Fremont Street Experience was completed.
History.
The Pioneer Club occupies a building that was built in 1918 and originally served as a restaurant. The Pioneer Club and Cocktail lounge opened in April 1942 on the corner of 1st Street and Fremont Street.
In 1965 the Pioneer Club bought The Elwell Hotel located at 200 South First St. directly behind the Pioneer Club and renamed it the Pioneer Club Hotel. The Hotel was sold in 1969 and became the Golden Hotel. In 1983 The Pioneer Club bought Club Bingo located to the west of it and enlarged its Casino area. From 1956 to 1967 it was called the New Pioneer Club. In 1984 The Golden Nugget bought the hotel and demolished it, building a parking garage for its Casino and Hotel in its place.
For many years The Pioneer Club was one of downtown's leading casinos.
Margaret Elardi who also owned the Frontier Hotel on The Strip and later the Pioneer Hotel & Gambling Hall casino in Laughlin, owned the club for a while, then Gold Strike Resorts. In 1992 new owners purchased the Pioneer Club but were unable to compete with the larger casinos on Fremont Street both at the beginning and at the end of the Fremont Street Experience or with the large new megaresorts on The Strip. The owners closed the venerable casino in 1995 and it remained vacant until 1998 when Schiff Enterprises bought the Pioneer Club and opened a souvenir store inside. The vintage Pioneer Club signs and Vegas Vic sign still exists on the exterior of the building.
Vegas Vic.
Although the Pioneer Club no longer operates as a casino, Vegas Vic (The neon cowboy) lives on. In 1947 Las Vegas chamber of Commerce hired a West-Marquis firm which invented the Fremont Street Cowboy Vegas Vic and his friendly "Howdy Podner" greeting.
The Young Electric Sign Company was commissioned to build the neon version of the sign by the owners of the Pioneer Club. They then commissioned Pat Denner who modeled it after the image used by the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce in 1947 consisting of a cowboy in blue jeans with a yellow-checked shirt and red bandanna. Vegas Vic was then erected on the exterior of the building in 1951 changing the exterior of The Pioneer club forever.

</doc>
<doc id="20263390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263390" title="Olema Lime Kilns">
Olema Lime Kilns

The Olema Lime Kilns at Point Reyes National Seashore in California were built in 1850 on land leased from Mexican grantee Rafael Garcia by James A. Shorb and William F. Mercer, two San Francisco entrepreneurs. The kilns were reportedly fired only a few times, and have lain abandoned for some 140 years. They were apparently abandoned no later than 1855 after only a few firings, probably due to the poor quality, small limestone deposits and the financial depression of that year. They represent a Gold Rush era effort to establish a lime-producing industry in Marin County, only two years after cession of Alta California to the United States by Mexico. They consist of three long-abandoned, barrel-shaped stone vaults lying in ruins against a hillside on the east side of Olema Creek about five miles south of Olema and about 100 yards west of California State Highway 1.
Kiln No. 1.
The kiln on the south was built of gray limestone which on the interior of the barrel was cut and fitted to enable application of a smooth coating of fireclay and, running halfway around the back, firebrick. Use of firebrick as a lining at the back suggest treatment for higher temperature there. The outer casing, rectangular in shape, was also built of cut limestone. Between the inner and out casings is afilling composed of irregular chunks of limestone set in mud or clay mortar. When these kilns were abandoned, Kiln No. 1 was loaded with limestone but not fired, rendering measurement of its interior impossible.
Kiln No. 2.
Kiln No. 2 was built adjacent to Kiln No. 1 and immediately to the north, similarly facing west towards the creek. It consisted of limestone laid in lime mortar probably produced by Kiln No. 1. It was larger, being oval in vertical section, nine feet in diameter side to side and nine feet ten inches in diameter front to rear. It was lined entirely with fireclay applied like plaster. This kiln sat farther forward than the other two, its front face extending seven feet beyond Kiln 1 and four feet beyond the front face of Kiln 3. A large Douglas fir, which according to tree ring dating sprouted after 1870, grew from the rubble between Kiln 1 and Kiln 2, severely damaging both kilns. Kiln No. 2 still has a well-preserved front arched entrance, measuring six feet from side to side at the base and two feet six inches wide at the entrance to the barrel, tapering inward.
Kiln No. 3.
Kiln No. 3, to the north of Kiln No. 2, was about the same size, being an oval barrel nine feet six inches in diameter from side to side and nine feet nine inches in diameter front to rear. A large Douglas fir tree grew up from the pit of this kiln. At an undetermined date before 1940 the entire arched entrance to this kiln was removed and rebuilt in Bolinas as part of a barbecue pit. Some individual moss-covered stones were removed from that and perhaps the other kilns for such uses as rock gardens, fireplaces, walls, and the like. Such vandalism has contributed to the decay of the kilns, along with the growth of trees and bushes on them.

</doc>
<doc id="20263411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263411" title="Astragalus johannis-howellii">
Astragalus johannis-howellii

Astragalus johannis-howellii is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Long Valley milkvetch. It is native to eastern California, including Long Valley in Mono County, and its distribution extends over the border into Nevada. It is a plant of Great Basin scrub habitat. 
This is a small perennial herb forming loose clumps of very thin branching stems up to 20 centimeters long. The leaves are a few centimeters long and are made up of many tiny folded oval-shaped leaflets. The inflorescence holds 6 to 12 off-white pale-striped flowers, each a few millimeters long. The fruit is a hanging legume pod up to a centimeter in length, thinly hairy and papery in texture. This species was named for the botanist John Thomas Howell.

</doc>
<doc id="20263492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263492" title="Rover 12">
Rover 12

The Rover 12 was a name given to several medium-sized family cars from the British Rover car company between 1905 and 1948.
Rover 10-12 (1905-1907).
The first Rover 12 was the third car the company made and was launched in 1905. It had a four-cylinder, water-cooled, side-valve, monobloc engine of 1767 cc.
Rover 12 (1909-1910).
The new Rover 12 used a two-cylinder, water-cooled, side-valve engine of 1624 cc. The chassis and rear axle of this car would go on to be used in modified form in the 1912 cars.
Many of these cars saw use as taxis.
Rover 12 (1911-1912).
As a complete change the 1911 Rover 12 had a Knight two-cylinder, water-cooled, sleeve-valve engine of 1882 cc. This had an output of 12 bhp. It is probable that many of the engine components, if not complete engines were bought in from Daimler who held the British patent rights.
Rover 12 (1912-1923) and 14 (1924).
The new Rover 12 arrived in 1912 replacing all previous models and was designed by Owen Clegg who had joined Rover from Wolseley. It had a four-cylinder, water-cooled, side-valve engine of 2297 cc with an SU carburettor made by Rover under licence. Around 5000 were made before World War I. The transmission was three-speed, separate from the engine, and drove the rear axle which had a worm drive. Semi elliptic leaf springs were fitted front and rear. Rear wheel brakes, operated by the hand lever were fitted, with a transmission brake operated by the foot pedal.
Post war, in 1919, the engine got a detachable cylinder head and electric starter. A longer wheelbase chassis became an option in 1921. Advertisements in 1922 quote open two- and four-seat, saloon, limousine coupé and drophead coupé bodies being available at prices from £625 to £800.
In 1924 the model name was changed to the Rover 14 and a four-speed gearbox fitted although the three-speed remained an option on the open models. There was no change to the engine but the new name was claimed to more closely represent the treasury rating of 13.9 hp. A Weymann fabric bodied saloon was added to the range. The last of the cars was made in 1924 after around 13,000 had been made.
Rover 12/4 (P1) (1934-1936).
The new 12 was launched in 1934 and was part of the new range introduced by the Wilks brothers. It had a new 1496 cc, four-cylinder engine producing 53 bhp. The chassis was also new but based on the one seen on the 1933 Speed Pilot and was "underslung" going under the rear axle. The four-speed transmission featured a freewheel mechanism. The suspension was conventional with rigid axles and half elliptic leaf springs all round. The early cars had a wheelbase but this was stretched by for 1935 with the extra space giving the rear passengers more leg room. A top speed of 70 mph and economy of 24 mpg was claimed in contemporary advertisements.
The bodies were traditionally built with steel panels fitted to a wooden frame. A six light Saloon (£278), four light Sports Saloon with small external boot (£298) and four-seat tourer (£288) bodies were available.
5775 of this version were made.
This car subsequently became known as the P1.
Rover 12 (P2) (1937-1948).
An updated version appeared in 1937 with mainly styling changes but the chassis was stiffened and Girling rod brakes replaced the hydraulic ones that had been fitted to earlier cars. There were no more tourers pre war but around 200 were made in 1947 and 1948 with bodies by Tickford. The 1938 models had fixed bonnet sides and for 1939 synchromesh was added to the top two ratios on the gearbox. Disc wheels became an option to wire wheels in 1939 and standard on post war models.
11,786 were made pre war and 4840 after.
This car, along with the smaller 10 hp and larger 14 and 16 hp models became known as the Rover P2.
The final cars were made in 1948 and there was no real replacements as subsequent models featured larger engines.

</doc>
<doc id="20263541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263541" title="Glimcher">
Glimcher

Glimcher is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20263552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263552" title="Parke Godwin (journalist)">
Parke Godwin (journalist)

Parke Godwin (February 28, 1816 – January 7, 1904) was an American journalist associated with New York.
Biography.
Godwin was born on February 28, 1816, in Paterson, New Jersey. His father was an officer in the war of 1812, and his grandfather a soldier of the American Revolution. He graduated from Princeton University in 1834, studied law, and was admitted to the bar of Kentucky, but did not practice. He married the eldest daughter of William Cullen Bryant, and moved to New York City in 1837.
He became interested in journalism and by 1830s was writing for the "Evening Post" and "The United States Magazine and Democratic Review" under John L. O'Sullivan. The reforms he advocated in the "Democratic Review" were subsequently introduced into the constitution and code of New York. Except for one year, he was connected with the "Evening Post" from 1837 to 1853. In 1842 or 1843 he ran a weekly called "Pathfinder", but it only lasted three months.
He was deputy collector in the New York Custom House under President James K. Polk, an early member of the Republican Party, and a consistent advocate of free trade. He supported the Republicans with speeches and writing.
He became a supporter of Fourierism and wrote a book which became an authority on the movement. However, in 1845, he was critical of the work of Albert Brisbane and his view of Associationism, though he still contributed to the new incarnation of Brisbane's journal "The Phalanx" printed at Brook Farm in Massachusetts. Godwin saw these sorts of communities as embracing the democratic ideals and equal rights. Further, he believed there was a connection between democracy and religion; as he said "Christianity and Democracy are one." In May 1846, Godwin was elected Foreign Corresponding Secretary of the New England Fourier Society.
In 1850, Godwin and his family allowed Catharine Forrest to stay with them during the public scandal that erupted surrounding her divorce from actor Edwin Forrest. Also in the 1850s, Godwin became an ardent abolitionist and felt that slavery diluted the American concept. In 1855, he asked: "What is America, and who are Americans? ...The real American gives his mind and heart to the grand constituent ideas of the republic... no matter whether his corporeal chemistry was first ignited in Kamschatka or the moon". Godwin was against slavery, but ridiculed the New England reform movements for not attempting to impact the rest of the country. He said, "If the Deity should consult New England about making a new world, they would advise that it should be made the size of Massachusetts, have no city but Boston and insist in making an occasional donation to a charitable institution and uttering shallow anti-slavery sentiments."
Godwin became an associate editor of "Putnam's Magazine" with George William Curtis under managing editor Charles Frederick Briggs; the three also collaborated on a gift book called "The Homes of American Authors" (1852). Godwin expressed his antislavery sentiments in "Putnam's" and criticized then-president Franklin Pierce; backlash from Democrats hurt the circulation of the magazine, especially after November 1854, when Godwin published his essay "American Despotisms". In 1857, he and fellow editor Curtis supported Frederick Law Olmsted as designer of Central Park.
In 1865, Godwin returned to the "Evening Post". He became sole editor of "Putnam's" from January 1868 to November 1870. Later, he edited the posthumous works of William Cullen Bryant as "Poetical Works" (1883) and "Complete Prose Writings" (1884) as well as "A Biography of William Cullen Bryant, with Extracts from his private Correspondence" (1883).
Godwin died of an illness at 5:30 a.m. on January 7, 1904, at his New York home, surrounded by several of his daughters.
Works.
Besides the works mentioned above, he wrote:
He made translations from the prose of Goethe, Fouqué, and Zschokke.

</doc>
<doc id="20263554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263554" title="Walter de Curzon Poultney">
Walter de Curzon Poultney

Walter de Curzon Poultney was one of Baltimore, Maryland's most colorful and flamboyant high-society members. He was prominent in Baltimore Society between the end of the American Civil War and the Roaring Twenties. He died shortly before the stock market crash of 1929. Born in 1845 on November 4th, he was a direct descendant (great-grandson) of Ellen (Ellin) Moale North, the first white child born in the city of Baltimore. He was also the nephew of Philip E. Thomas, the first president of the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad.
"Sir Walter", as he was known (as a result of his stark resemblance of Sir Walter Raleigh)to his intimates was well known around the world. He was considered an intimate friend of Cardinal James Gibbons of the Archdiocese of Baltimore. They would often be found strolling Charles Street near the Baltimore Basilica, the oldest Catholic cathedral in America. Poultney was also a close friend of Louisa Cavendish-Bentinck, otherwise known as Lady Strathmore, The great-grandmother of Queen Elizabeth II. Walter even sent Lady Strathmore's granddaughter (the future Queen Mother) a silver bowl as a wedding gift and received in return a "gracious and girlish letter" on the night before her marriage to the Duke of York.
Walter de Curzon Poultney's world travels led him to amass a large collection of art in his home. Among the works include life sized portraits of Florentine and Milanese leaders painted as far back as 1085 and 1402. China from Dresden, Italian gilded chairs, mahogany cabinets built in Holland, French sofas, and early American paintings are just a handful of the priceless treasure he collected. He even had a marble figure of "The Fisher Boy" by Hiram Powers - the only other known replica is in the Metropolitan Museum. Poultney's eccentricity was not only confined to his residence. He was known to change his clothing often - as many as three times daily. He was seen in 18th century garb at costume parties and other social gatherings.
Walter de Curzon Poultney died on September 4, 1929, after suffering a fall from his couch in his St. Paul Street home. He has spent the last 3 years of his life in a paralytic state.

</doc>
<doc id="20263587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263587" title="Arizona Capitol Times">
Arizona Capitol Times

The Arizona Capitol Times is a non-partisan, weekly newspaper covering state politics and government published every Friday in Phoenix, Arizona. The paper focuses on the Arizona Legislature, the state's politicians, government agencies and elected leadership.
History.
Arizona News Service, which publishes the "Arizona Capitol Times", was founded by Ned Creighton in 1906 before Arizona became a state. The operation was run and expanded by his son Robert until 1970, when Robert's son, also Ned, assumed control of the business.
During the first four decades, the elder Ned Creighton ran Arizona News Service out of various buildings in downtown Phoenix, Ariz. In 1946, Robert Creighton convinced his father, who he had worked with during World War II, to jointly purchase a newspaper then called "The Messenger", which was founded in 1900. They each chipped in $750 so they could buy the paper for $1,500.
In 1959, the name of the paper was changed from "The Messenger" to "The Arizona Legislative Review" to better reflect its content. During that time, the newspaper was largely a recital of bills in the Arizona Legislature and occasional news stories about Arizona politics. With the hiring of a reporter, the publication began to evolve in the late 1950s and 1960s. It started including more news stories and going beyond just functioning as a paper of record.
In 1982, "The Arizona Legislative Review" was renamed "Arizona Capitol Times". During the early 1980s, Creighton's wife Diana joined the newspaper. She read and rewrote short versions of Arizona Attorney General opinions and developed an old-photograph feature - Times Past - that continues today. It is one of the paper's most popular features.
In 2005, Arizona News Service, which includes the "Arizona Capitol Times", was purchased by Minneapolis-based Dolan Media Company, Inc. (Now known as The Dolan Company) (NYSE:DM).
Daily Content.
The "Arizona Capitol Times" covers state politics and policy with a focus on the daily activities of the Arizona Senate, Arizona House of Representatives and the state's top elected officials, including the Governor's Office. The paper also publishes stories on elections, court rulings and the actions of local governments. The paper regularly features commentaries, letters to the editor, an event calendar, a people in the news page, a listing of state contracts, an Arizona news roundup page and political news from other states.
Public Notices.
The "Arizona Capitol Times" Public Notices section contains notices that are required by law to be published in a newspaper of general circulation that is adjudicated. Public notices describe activity of public interest and concern and report activity or planned activity by government, including the courts. There are three general types of public notices as classified by the Public Notice Resource Center in Washington, D.C.: citizen participation notices, business and commerce notices and court notice. Public notices that are published in the "Arizona Capitol Times" include: property sales and auctions, corporations and partnerships, civil cases, conservators and adoptions, and wills. In addition to publishing public notices, the "Arizona Capitol Times" also offers affidavit filing services, statewide publication services and full-service corporate filing with the Corporation Commission or Secretary of State's Office.
Legislation On Line Arizona (LOLA).
LOLA is a subscription-based, Internet legislative information service used by lobbyists and government affairs professionals to search for, track and report on Arizona legislation. The service began in 1986 as one of the country's first on-line legislative bill tracking systems. It also is a founding member of (NOLA) – a national association of legislative information sources. 
LOLA offers a comprehensive bill tracking system that allows its clients to comment on bills, create reports and receive e-mail notifications of bill activity. In addition, the system provides summaries of every bill filed during a legislative session, along with complete floor action, votes, amendments and versions of all bills. It also offers committee hearing agendas; debate, voting and caucus calendars; legislators’ biographies and contact information; and news notes on daily legislative happenings. This information is updated continuously during legislative sessions and has been archived on-line since 1999. 
Other LOLA features include Friends & Foes – a vote analysis tool that compares clients’ positions on bills to legislators’ voting records; WebReports – a Web-based, dynamic report of tracked bills clients can access from a custom-generated URL; and Enterprise Forums – a premium account that consists of a message board for multiple clients to discuss legislation.
Yellow Sheet Report.
The Yellow Sheet Report is a subscription-based, on-line newsletter for Arizona political gossip and news. It originated in 1906 as part of the Arizona News Service and provided clients with political and governmental news when the Legislature was not in session. The newsletter got its name from the onionskin paper on which it originally was printed. In recent years, the Yellow Sheet Report was published and mailed three times a week. In 2007, it moved to the World Wide Web and is now available year round.
The Yellow Sheet Report is the “News Notes & Gossip” section – a compilation of short news pieces that cover the gamut of Arizona politics, including news about the Legislature, state agencies, the executive offices, the state’s congressional delegation and elections. Much of the news centers on commentary and gossip from political consultants, lobbyists and other political insiders, often known in Arizona’s political community as “railbirds.” 
In addition, the Yellow Sheet Report provides clips from and links to local and national newspapers, postings from political blogs, news releases, documents, charts, photos and agendas for legislative interim meetings. And, every Friday a special report is published of statewide and regulatory meetings and summaries of any current attorney general opinions.
Arizona Legislative Report.
The Arizona Legislative Report is a subscription-based, hard-copy news service providing legislative documents, indexes and news to lobbyists, lawyers and government affairs professionals in Arizona. It is hand-delivered or mailed to clients every weekday by 5 p.m. during Arizona’s annual legislative session (approximately January through May). The Legislative Report, along with the Yellow Sheet Report, originated in 1906 as part of the Arizona News Service. It was the main source of legislative news and records for miners, ranchers and businessmen needing to know what was happening at the Capitol.
The Legislative Report contains copies and summaries of all bills filed during the legislative session, all adopted amendments compiled into a continuous daily amendment record, a daily record of bill activity from committees and the House and Senate floors, weekly bill status indexes, upcoming committee hearing agendas, and a post-session report of enactments.
The Legislative Report also includes a section called “News Notes” – a compilation of political news briefs, summaries of House and Senate floor debates, political research and analysis, and newsclips from local and national newspapers. In addition, the service supplies copies of important documents and reports on the state budget, state agency presentations and speeches from elected officials, legislators and political figures.
Additional Publications.
Arizona News Service produces a number of targeted publications focused on particular aspects of Arizona politics, including:
Government Resource Directory.
A magazine-style guide published annually in December. It includes comprehensive contact information for all of the state's elected and appointed officials, state agencies, the state's courts, many state lobbyists and licensing and certification boards. The publication also includes a complete list of state legislators and Arizona's congressional delegation.
Book of Lobbyists.
A magazine-style publication typically produced in February. It features articles about the profession and lists the vast majority of the state's lobbyists and their contact information. Some entries include client listing and specialties. This publication is linked to a free Web site, Arizona Lobbyists, where lobbyists can enter their information themselves and become part of a future edition.
Arizona Political Almanac.
First published in 2008, the Political Almanac features charts and graphs covering Arizona elections, the Legislature, elected officials, state finances and money, U.S. Congress and courts. The publication represents years of work done by "Arizona Capitol Times" reporters and staff.
Citizen Government.
Published annually in July, the guide features short descriptions and members of Arizona's governor-appointed boards and commissions. It takes its name from the fact that the boards and commissions are filled mostly by average citizens with particular knowledge and expertise in particular areas of government.
Guide to the Legislature (The Green Book).
Published annually to coincide with the beginning of the legislative session, Arizona Capitol Report's Guide to the Legislature features the name, district, office location, assistant's name, contact information, committees, interests, political experience and personal information of each of the state's 90 lawmakers. It is referred to as "The Green Book" because the pocket-sized publication's cover is always green.
Trade & Professional Associations Directory.
First published in April 2008, the magazine-style publication features contact and leadership information for many of the state's trade and professional associations, such as chambers of commerce.
Events.
The "Arizona Capitol Times" hosts a number of annual events honoring members of the state's Capitol community. These include Leaders of the Year in Public Policy and Best of the Capitol.

</doc>
<doc id="20263611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263611" title="Lachnanthes">
Lachnanthes

Lachnanthes is a genus of monocotyledonous plants in the bloodwort family containing only one species, namely Lachnanthes caroliniana, commonly known as redroot or bloodroot. The plant is native to eastern North America, from southeastern Nova Scotia (especially the Molega Lake area) and Massachusetts in the north, south to Florida and Cuba, and west along the Gulf of Mexico to Louisiana. It prefers wet, acidic, usually sandy soils, restricting it to various wetland habitats such as bogs, pinelands, hammocks and pocosins, among others. 
The plant's common name is based on its red roots and rhizomes. Its flowers, consisting of six pale yellow tepals, emerge from mid to late summer. The plant is sometimes a significant weed in commercial cranberry bogs.
Taxonomy.
The generic name ""Lachnanthes"" is a conserved name in botany. This means that the name has been granted a special exemption to the ordinary priority rules, allowing a newer name to be used instead of an older one. Three names are relevant here:
"Heritiera" Aiton, Hortus Kewensis 3: 546. 1789.
"Heritiera" J.F. Gmelin, Systema Naturae, ed. 13 2: 113. 1791.
"Lachnanthes" S. Elliott, Sketch of the Botany of South-Carolina and Georgia 1: 47. 1816.
The first is a different plant, a tropical tree. This makes the second name an illegitimate homonym, unusable. The conservation decree allows the third name to be used in place of the second to refer to the plant now called "Lachnanthes caroliniana".

</doc>
<doc id="20263624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263624" title="Jeri Laber">
Jeri Laber

Jeri Laber (born 1931) is one of the founders of Human Rights Watch, the largest human rights organization in the United States. She is the author and/or editor of dozens of Human Rights Watch reports and more than 100 articles on human rights issues published in the "New York Times", "The New York Review of Books" and many other publications. Her memoir ""The Courage of Strangers: Coming of Age with the Human Rights Movement"" was published in 2002 by Public Affairs. She is co-author, with Barnett Rubin, of ""A Nation is Dying: Afghanistan Under the Soviets,"" Northwestern University Press.
In the course of her human rights work, Ms. Laber made many fact-finding trips to the former Soviet Union, Eastern Europe, Turkey and the Tribal Areas of Pakistan where she interviewed Afghan refugees. She offered friendship and moral support to dissidents in the former Communist countries, many of whom, after 1989, became the leaders of their newly democratic countries.
Ms. Laber was active in the early development of the human rights movement. She served as Executive Director of Helsinki Watch (which became Human Rights Watch) from 1978–1995 and then as Senior Adviser to Human Rights Watch until 2000. She was a founder of the International Helsinki Federation and was its Vice-Chair for many years. She serves as a consultant to the International Freedom to Publish Committee of the Association of American Publishers, a position she has held since 1977.
Early in her career, Ms. Laber worked as Foreign Editor of "The Current Digest of the Soviet Press" and then as Publications Director of the Institute for the Study of the USSR. As a free-lance writer during the 1970s, she co-authored, with Molly Finn, "Cooking for Carefree Weekends," Simon & Schuster, 1975, and co-edited, with Marion Cunningham, "The Fannie Farmer Cookbook," Knopf, 1979. In 1977, she reviewed restaurants for the Connecticut supplement to the "New York Times."
Awards and honors.
In 2000 Jeri Laber was honored by President Václav Havel of the Czech Republic who presented her with his country's Medal of Merit. In 2002 she testified against President Slobodan Milosevic at his war crimes trial in The Hague. In 2003 she was named Alumna of the Year by the Harriman Institute of Columbia University. The Association of American Publishers has named an award in her honor: The Jeri Laber International Freedom to Publish Award. Ms Laber is the recipient of a research and writing grant from the MacArthur Foundation. She is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and a member of the New York City Council on Foreign Relations.
Education.
Ms. Laber was educated in New York City. She completed her undergraduate work at New York University, majoring in English and Philosophy. She did her graduate work at Columbia University, working simultaneously in the Russian Institute and the Department of Slavic Languages. Her graduate thesis was on "The Post-War Conception of Socialist Realism."
Personal.
She was married to Austin Laber, an attorney, from 1954-1982. In 1994 she married Charles Kuskin, oboist and composer, and they divide their time between New York City and a farmhouse in Delaware County, New York. She has three married daughters, two married stepchildren and eleven grandchildren.
References.
In the

</doc>
<doc id="20263648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263648" title="2007 Eastern League season">
2007 Eastern League season

The 2007 Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Akron Aeros defeated the Erie SeaWolves 3 games to 1 in the Southern Division Championship Series and the Trenton Thunder defeated the Portland Sea Dogs 3 games to 1 in the Northern Division Championship Series. The Trenton Thunder defeated the Akron Aeros 3 games to 1 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Key: Green shade indicates that team advanced to the playoffs • Bold indicates that team advanced to ELCS • Italics indicates that team won ELCS
Playoffs.
Divisional Series.
Northern Division.
The Trenton Thunder defeated the Portland Sea Dogs in the Northern Division playoffs 3 games to 1.
Southern Division.
The Akron Aeros defeated the Erie SeaWolves in the Southern Division playoffs 3 games to 1.
Championship Series.
The Trenton Thunder defeated the Akron Aeros in the ELCS 3 games to 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20263650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263650" title="Güzlək">
Güzlək

Güzlək or Küzlək may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20263691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263691" title="Mluleki George">
Mluleki George

Mluleki Editor George (born 2 February 1948) is the former deputy minister of defence of South Africa. He served as treasurer-general of the Congress of the People, a South African political party formed by former Defence Minister Mosiuoa Lekota in 2008. He has founded a new political party, the United Congress, which he says will restore the moral fibre of society which has disintegrated.

</doc>
<doc id="20263696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263696" title="François-Henri Désérable">
François-Henri Désérable

François-Henri Désérable (born Amiens, France, 6 February 1987) is a French author and a professional ice hockey player. 
Literature.
His short-story, "Clic! Clac! Boum!", was awarded Le Prix du Jeune Ecrivain and published in March 2012.
His first book, "Tu montreras ma tête au peuple", about the French revolution, was released in April 2013 by Gallimard.
Hockey Career.
Désérable made his senior debut with Lyon in 2008, coming from the junior team of the Hockey Club Amiens Somme. In 2007, he won the French junior championship with les Gothiques d'Amiens. In April 2011, he helped the Lions reach the final of the French D2 championship, moving the team up to Division 1. He signed a contract with the Montpellier Vipers for the 2012-13 season. In 2011, he was selected among the finalists of the "Lions du Sport" in the category Best Athlete in Lyon. He also played for Wayzata High School (MN, USA) in 2002-03.

</doc>
<doc id="20263723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263723" title="2006 Eastern League season">
2006 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Portland Sea Dogs defeated the Akron Aeros 3 games to 2 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:
Playoffs.
Divisional Series.
Northern Division.
The Portland Sea Dogs defeated the Trenton Thunder in the Northern Division playoffs 3 games to 1.
Southern Division.
The Akron Aeros defeated the Altoona Curve in the Southern Division playoffs 3 games to 2. 
Championship Series.
The Portland Sea Dogs defeated the Akron Aeros in the ELCS 3 games to 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20263779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263779" title="2005 Eastern League season">
2005 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Akron Aeros defeated the Portland Sea Dogs 3 games to 1 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:
Playoffs.
Divisional Series.
Northern Division.
The Portland Sea Dogs defeated the Trenton Thunder in the Northern Division playoffs 3 games to 2.
Southern Division.
The Akron Aeros defeated the Altoona Curve in the Southern Division playoffs 3 games to 2. 
Championship Series.
The Akron Aeros defeated the Portland Sea Dogs in the ELCS 3 games to 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20263788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263788" title="Kante">
Kante

Kante may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20263821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263821" title="Live electronic music">
Live electronic music

Live electronic music (also known as live electronics and electroacoustic improvisation) is any kind of music that can include the use of electroacoustic instruments, various electronic sound generating devices, and computers, but which generally excludes the use of prerecorded or sampled material. Initially the practice developed in reaction to sound-based composition for fixed media such as musique concrète, electronic music and early computer music. Musical improvisation often plays a large role in the performance of this music. The timbres of various sounds may be transformed extensively using devices such as amplifiers, filters, ring modulators and other forms of circuitry (Sutherland 1994, 157). Widespread adoption of mobile computing has led to an increase in the use of computers in live electronics. Real-time generation and manipulation of audio using laptop computers is now commonplace.
History.
Early electronic instruments intended for live performance, such as Thaddeus Cahill's Telharmonium (1897) and instruments developed between the two world wars, such as the Theremin, ondes Martenot, and Trautonium, may be cited as antecedents (Manning 2013, 157), but were intended simply as new means of sound production, and did nothing to change the nature of musical composition or performance (Collins 2007, 39).
Cage’s "Imaginary Landscape No. 1" (1939) was among the earliest compositions to include an innovative use of live electronic material; it featured two variable-speed phonograph turntables and sine-tone recordings (Collins 2007, 38–39). Cage's interest in live electronics continued through the 1940s and 1950s, providing inspiration for the formation of a number of live-electronic groups in America who came to regard themselves as the pioneers of a new art form (Manning 2013, 157).
In Europe, Pierre Schaeffer had attempted live generation of the final stages of his works at the first public concert of "musique concrète" in 1951 with limited success. However, it was in Europe at the end of the 1950s and early 1960s that the most coherent transition from studio electronic techniques to live synthesis occurred. Mauricio Kagel's "Transición II" (1959) combined two tape recorders for live manipulation of the sounds of piano and percussion, and beginning in 1964 Karlheinz Stockhausen entered on a period of intensive work with live electronics with three works, "Mikrophonie I" and "Mixtur" (both 1964), and "Mikrophonie II" (Manning 2013, 157–58). While earlier live-electronic compositions, such as Cage's "Cartridge Music" (1960), had mainly employed amplification, Stockhausen's innovation was to add electronic transformation through filtering, which erased the distinction between instrumental and electronic music (Toop 2002, 495).
During the 1960s, a number of composers believed studio-based composition, such as musique concrète, lacked elements that were central to the creation of live music, such as: spontaneity, dialogue, discovery and group interaction. Many composers viewed the development of live electronics as a reaction against "the largely technocratic and rationalistic ethos of studio processed tape music" which was devoid of the visual and theatrical component of live performance (Sutherland 1994, 157). By the 1970s, live electronics had become the primary area of innovation in electronic music (Simms 1986, 395).
Electroacoustic improvisation.
Electroacoustic improvisation is a form of free improvisation that was originally referred to as live electronics. It has been part of the sound art world since the 1930s with the early works of John Cage (Schrader 1991, ; Cage 1960). "" magazine published articles by a number of leading electronic and avant-garde composers in the 1960s (Anon. n.d.(a)) and in Montreal, Canada, there were two live electronic ensembles in the 1970s, MetaMusic and Sonde (Anon. 2012). This field has expanded rapidly with the use of powerful, inexpensive laptop computers.
It was further influenced by electronic and electroacoustic music, the music of American experimental composers such as John Cage, Morton Feldman and David Tudor. Other influences include musique concrète and the so-called "instrumental musique concrète" of Helmut Lachenmann. British free improvisation group AMM, particularly their guitarist Keith Rowe, have also played a contributing role in bringing attention to the practice.
A variety of terms have been used to describe music associated with electroacoustic improvisation such as “lowercase” (a term coined by artist and musician Steve Roden for his own work), “onkyokei” (or Onkyo) (used to describe the Japanese equivalent), “taomud” (meaning “the area of music under discussion”), “New London Silence” and “Berlin reductionism”.
The record labels Erstwhile Records, For 4 Ears, Cut, Durian, Charhizma, Improvised Music from Japan, Fringes Recordings, Mikroton Recordings and Mego have released a number of albums featuring electroacoustic improvisation.
Characteristics.
In a press release, concert promoter Arie Altena suggests that a defining characteristic of electroacoustic improvisation is its “anti-virtuoso” æsthetic, arguing that conventional instrumental techniques are rarely emphasized in electroacoustic improvisation, and thus there are few occasions when traditional technical virtuosity is considered appropriate. Critics also note that many electroacoustic improvisers studiously avoid traditional sounds and timbres, and that “extended techniques” (unorthodox playing practices) appear to be standard in performance (Altena 2006). Some EAI music also includes field recordings.
Electroacoustic improvisation sometimes differs significantly from music associated with the established free improvisation scene. One critic has suggested that a new vocabulary may be required to describe certain aspects of the practice. John Eyles writes,
Similarly, writing in "Stylus" magazine, and referring to the "new school of electro-acoustic improvisation," critic Jeff Siegel writes,
Laptronica.
Laptronica is a form of live electronic music or computer music in which laptops are used as musical instruments. The term is a portmanteau of "laptop computer" and "electronica". The term gained a certain degree of currency in the 1990s and is of significance due to the use of highly powerful computation being made available to musicians in highly portable form, and therefore in live performance. Many sophisticated forms of sound production, manipulation and organization (which had hitherto only been available in studios or academic institutions) became available to use in live performance, largely by younger musicians influenced by and interested in developing experimental popular music forms (Emmerson 2007, ).A combination of many laptops can be used to form a laptop orchestra.
Live coding.
Live coding (Collins, McLean, Rohrhuber, and Ward 2003) (sometimes referred to as 'on-the-fly programming' (Wang and Cook 2004, ), 'just in time programming') is a programming practice centred upon the use of improvised interactive programming. Live coding is often used to create sound and image based digital media, and is particularly prevalent in computer music, combining algorithmic composition with improvisation (Collins 2003,). Typically, the process of writing is made visible by projecting the computer screen in the audience space, with ways of visualising the code an area of active research (McLean, Griffiths, Collins, and Wiggins 2010, ). Visualisation of live code. In Electronic Visualisation and the Arts London 2010.</ref> There are also approaches to human live coding in improvised dance (Anon. 2009). Live coding techniques are also employed outside of performance, such as in producing sound for film (Rohrhuber 2008, 60–70) or audio/visual work for interactive art installations (Anon. n.d.(b)).
Live coding is also an increasingly popular technique in programming-related lectures and conference presentations, and has been described as a "best practice" for computer science lectures by Mark Guzdial (2011).
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20263826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263826" title="Koupaki, Phocis">
Koupaki, Phocis

Koupaki or Koupakio (Greek: Κουπάκι or Κουπάκιον) is a Greek village in the municipal unit of Vardousia, located in the northwestern part of Phocis, west of the Mornos dam and 5 km from Krokyleio, the former seat of Vardousia. Population: 86 (2001 census). In recent years, very few remain during winter months but over 200 during summer months.
Geography.
Much of the area is mountainous, forested (oaks and pines) and pastureland suitable for livestock production, although in earlier times mixed livestock and crop cultivation was extensively practiced. The village lies on the east-facing side of colline Pyrgos. A couple of small streams pass through the village but are dry most of the year except during the rainy winter season. At over altitude, it gets snow nearly every winter but overall the village enjoys mild winters and a very attractive climate year round.
History.
Based on historical accounts from the greater area, Koupaki was inhabited before 2000 B.C. by the Pelasgians, who were then invaded by the Dorians whose presence for a long time gave the name Dorida to the greater region. The Aetolians followed from the 13th century B.C. onwards and the area was later invaded by Achaeans, Macedonians, Galatians, Romans and Goths culminating with the destruction of the ancient city of Doris. Later, it was the turn of the Slavs, the Bulgarians, the Catalans, Normans and finally the Ottoman Turks, with the fall of Constantinople in 1453 A.D.
Until about 200 A.D. religious beliefs in the greater area were dominated by idol worshiping and polytheism. The Oracle of Delphi exerted considerable influence throughout the Greek world as a source of wise counsel or prophetic opinion, usually spiritual in nature. It is of no surprise that Christianity could not easily match the infallible authority of the oracle and it is said that it took over 100 years for the region to accept the new dogma. 
For nearly 400 years under Ottoman occupation, poor and mountainous villages like Koupaki were not favorite places for the Turks. However, a location near Koupaki which is known as "Maraveli" was at some period during the Ottoman occupation the "property" of a Turk with the likely name "Omar Avel or Abel" (from whom the area apparently took its name). It is said that the Maraveli area was used as pastureland for livestock to supply the needs of the Turk who resided in one of the larger towns of the Mornos valley to the south, as the Turks preferred wealthier and more fertile areas as well as the security and social structure offered by larger towns. In fact, this relative isolation and ethnic purity of mountainous people like Koupaki brought with it pride and a sense of purity and superiority relative to those of the lowlands. Although the latter had no alternative but to cohabitate with the Turks, this was considered as capitulation and as shameful compromise by the mountainous people.
The Greek War of Independence in 1821 against the Ottoman Turks found the rugged mountainous villages in the forefront of the revolution. On October 1828 Dorida was finally liberated and the province of Sterea Hellas (literally the 'Solid Greece') together with the Peloponnese in the south comprised the new Greek Nation. In 1837, less than 10 years after liberation, Koupaki was recognized as an independent community by the Greek government and became part of the municipality of Krokyleion. Koupaki is referred to as a distinct community for the first time around 1800 by the French Historian and traveler Charles Pouqueville who refers to the village as Copaki.
The present location of the village formed the nucleus for smaller settlements around it. Slowly the inhabitants of these peripheral settlements moved to the main central village location. In addition, starting around 1830 the village saw an influx of people from the area around the town of Missolonghi, to the west of Sterea Hellas. The town's heroic resistance to the Turks, who besieged it twice both from the sea and land in the mid-1820s, became a legend. The descriptions of heroism from the besieged city moved all Greeks, including Koupaki, to open their welcoming arms; but it also reached far away places and several world personalities of the time came to the town's rescue. Among them was the acclaimed British poet Lord Byron, who fought and died in Missolonghi in 1826. The few from Missolonghi who survived the daring exodus in 1826, took to the mountains and several arrived at Koupaki and other villages of Dorida. Some of the newcomers from Missolonghi actually originated from the region of Epirus, a ragged mountainous region in the north-west of Greece. They had moved south into the province of Sterea Hellas, already fighting for its independence, in order to assist the war and breath the first air of freedom.
By 1845 the construction of the main village church had started, exclusively with the local gray stone and oak beams. This work was completed by means of personal voluntary labour offered by men and women. The engravings seen today on cornerstones of the church are still immensely inspiring. They reflect deep spirituality and a tribute to the institution that preserved Orthodoxy and the Greek language and culture for almost 400 years.
Towards the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th, a large number of young men from Koupaki headed for the New World. Many of them worked in building the railway network in America, others served in the restaurant business, a tradition that lasted for a long time. They left with the intention to return but many of them never did and many more from their extended family and friends followed their path. This was the beginning of the gradual decay of the village which accelerated further during the 1920s and 1940s with new destinations such as Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
The people.
Family names in Koupaki, as elsewhere in rural Greece and beyond, were formed by a combination of the father's first name (e.g. "Panos") and the offspring's own name (e.g. "Kostas"). So the offspring would be known as "Panokostas" and this would often be adopted as the family name for that branch of the family. Similarly, "Mitros" an offspring of "Giannis" would go by the name "Giannomitros", etc. If the father was more prominent in the community and known as a craftsman or held an official position, the father's trade could often become the first part of the family name e.g. for a priest ("Papas" in Greek) carrying the name "Andreas", the family name would become "Papandreas". Finally, physical characteristics would also play a role in giving family names. For example, if "Andreas" happened to be relatively short ("Kontos" in Greek), his family name could become "Kontoandreas" (hence, the origin of the family name "Konandreas"). At Koupaki there were about 5-6 original families with these long composite family names who formed the nucleus of the village. Those were the families of Giannomitros, Kolimparis, Konandreas, Koufasimes, Nasiopoulos and Tsatouhas. Those who came from Messologi and Epirus after 1826, had two-syllable names e.g. Goumas, Nitsos, Soulias, Tsipras, Zohos, Zoupas, Zakkas etc.
The two World Wars and the Greek Civil War, following World War II, took a great toll on Koupaki, both in terms of life lost and material destruction. From 329 inhabitants in 1940, only 187 had remained in 1951, partly as a result of war casualties and partly due to immigration. The village was never to regain its old past and by the end of 1950s and 1960s, most of those that had remained left for the cities (mainly Athens). By the 1970 census, only 51 inhabitants were registered. All along, education was seen as the only real escape from the hardships of village life and most families sacrificed everything to see their children finishing school and entering university. This has not been in vain; Koupaki has one of the highest per capita university graduates in Greece.
The village has never lost the hearts and minds of its people wherever they may be and many of them (including from far away places such as California and New Zealand) converge to it, especially during the summer months, to remember the past and enjoy the fresh mountain air. Most of the houses, stone-built, have been renovated to benefit from modern amenities. The village was connected to the regional road network in 1952 (dirt road) which was paved asphalt in the 1990s. Electricity reached the village in the 1970s and the 1970s brought also individual telephone connection (until then the village was served by a single telephone located in the main grocery store in the centre of the village).
Koupaki has a beautiful church (Agios Georgios) and had a functioning elementary school until it closed in 1957 (because of the limited number of students who then were obliged to attend school at the nearby village of Zorianos). The school is now used as a museum for local arts and crafts. Koupaki is the birthplace of prominent individuals who excelled in the sciences, public life, international organizations and in business.
Contemporary news about Koupaki are printed in the quarterly 'To Koupaki mas' (Greek: "Το Κουπάκι μας") published by the Koupaki community in Athens and distributed to the four corners of the world. News about Koupaki can also be found in the village website (in Greek).

</doc>
<doc id="20263836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263836" title="Joan Herman">
Joan Herman

Joan L. Herman is the Director of University of California, Los Angeles's National Center for Research on Evaluation, Standards, and Student Testing (CRESST). With experience as an evaluator of school reform, she has researched the effects of testing on schools and the design of assessment systems to support school planning and instructional improvement. Her recent work has focused on the validity and utility of teachers' formative assessment practices in science. 
A former teacher and school board member, Dr. Herman has authored a number of resource books for educators and researchers, the most notable being "Tracking Your School's Success: A Guide to Sensible School-Based Evaluation" and "A Practical Guide to Alternative Assessment". In addition to publishing in research journals and books, she frequently speaks on evaluation and assessment topics to policy audiences. Currently, Dr. Herman is the editor of the academic quarterly, "Educational Assessment".

</doc>
<doc id="20263846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263846" title="2004 Eastern League season">
2004 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The New Hampshire Fisher Cats defeated the Altoona Curve 3 games to 0 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:
Playoffs.
Divisional Series.
Northern Division.
The New Hampshire Fisher Cats defeated the Binghamton Mets in the Northern Division playoffs 3 games to 1.
Southern Division.
The Altoona Curve defeated the Erie SeaWolves in the Southern Division playoffs 3 games to 0. 
Championship Series.
The New Hampshire Fisher Cats defeated the Altoona Curve in the ELCS 3 games to 0.

</doc>
<doc id="20263863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263863" title="Feuerspitze">
Feuerspitze

Feuerspitze ("Fire-Peak") is a mountain in the Lechtal Alps of Tyrol. The elevation at its peak is . Feuerspitze is located southeast of Holzgau. 
⁠

</doc>
<doc id="20263870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263870" title="Listed buildings in Crawley">
Listed buildings in Crawley

__NOTOC__
There are 102 listed buildings and structures in the English borough of Crawley, West Sussex. The Borough of Crawley is based on the town of the same name, located approximately halfway between London and Brighton. Although Crawley expanded substantially after World War II when it was designated a New Town by an Act of Parliament, many older buildings remain.
In England, a building or structure is defined as "listed" when it is placed on a statutory register of buildings of "special architectural or historic interest" by the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, a Government department, in accordance with the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990. English Heritage, a non-departmental public body, acts as an agency of this department to administer the process and advise the department on relevant issues. There are three grades of listing status: Grade I, defined as being of "exceptional interest"; Grade II*, "particularly important buildings of more than special interest"; and Grade II, used for buildings of "special interest".
Crawley has three buildings of Grade I status, 12 listed at Grade II* and 87 of Grade II status. The three Grade I buildings are all places of worship, and churches and farmhouses feature frequently in the list. Other structures given recognition by English Heritage include a signal box, a watermill, and the Beehive—a "revolutionary" purpose-built circular building which was the original passenger terminal at Gatwick Airport and the world's first fully integrated airport terminal.
The design of the New Town was based on a series of self-contained residential neighbourhoods around a town centre with commercial and civic buildings. There are now 13 neighbourhoods in the town. Pound Hill and Ifield, old villages absorbed by the postwar development, have 28 and 24 listed buildings respectively. Northgate, which has 18, includes much of the town centre and the old High Street. Langley Green, in which there are 15 listed buildings, is the largest neighbourhood with a large semi-rural hinterland. Elsewhere, there are six listed buildings in West Green, two each in Bewbush and Southgate, and one in each of Broadfield, Gossops Green, Maidenbower, Three Bridges and Tilgate. Furnace Green is the only neighbourhood with no listed buildings.
Crawley Borough Council maintains a list of all listed buildings. Last updated in 2008, some of its information supersedes the older information carried by English Heritage's online archive, Images of England, which was compiled in February 2001. This identifies 95 listed buildings in the borough. An early-19th-century house called Charlwood Park, listed at Grade II on 11 November 1966, was originally within the parish of Charlwood in the county of Surrey. The Local Government Act 1972, which moved parts of Surrey (including Lowfield Heath and Gatwick Airport) from Surrey into West Sussex, also moved this house into West Sussex and the Borough of Crawley. It was subsequently demolished, but is still shown in the Images of England archive.

</doc>
<doc id="20263921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263921" title="2003 Eastern League season">
2003 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Akron Aeros defeated the New Haven Ravens 3 games to 0 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:
Playoffs.
Divisional Series.
Northern Division.
The New Haven Ravens defeated the New Britain Rock Cats in the Northern Division playoffs 3 games to 2.
Southern Division.
The Akron Aeros defeated the Altoona Curve in the Southern Division playoffs 3 games to 1. 
Championship Series.
The Akron Aeros defeated the New Haven Ravens in the ELCS 3 games to 0.

</doc>
<doc id="20263922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263922" title="Beekeeping in New Zealand">
Beekeeping in New Zealand

Beekeeping in New Zealand started as a home craft in the 1850s, not long after initial European settlement and is now an established industry as well as being a hobby activity.
Industry.
New Zealand had 2,944 registered beekeepers in September 2010, who owned more than 377,000 hives in over 22,000 apiaries. In 2007 total honey production was 9.7 thousand tonnes. The production of manuka honey, valued for its antibacterial properties, is increasingly important. Pollen, beeswax, and propolis are also produced. Beekeepers provide pollination services to horticulturists, which generates more income than the products of bee culture. Approximately 20–25 thousand queen bees, and 20 tonnes of packaged bees (which include worker bees and a queen) are exported live each year.
The National Beekeepers' Association of New Zealand established "National Bee Week".
The Green Party are calling for a phase out of pesticides that are toxic to bees as is happening in the European Union.
Honey containing the poisonous tutin can be produced by bees feeding on honeydew produced by sap-sucking vine hopper insects ("Scolypopa" genus) feeding on tutu, a plant native to New Zealand. The last recorded deaths from eating honey containing tutin were in the 1890s.
In May 2011 there were fears the colony collapse disorder had begun in New Zealand. Losses of up to 30% had been reported with Canterbury and Poverty Bay being hardest hit.
Pest and diseases.
Pests include "Nosema apis", "Malpighamoeba mellifica" and acarine mites. American foulbrood is present in a small percentage of hives with Sac brood and Chalk brood occurring in isolated cases.
American foulbrood.
American foulbrood has been present in New Zealand since 1877.
European foulbrood.
European foulbrood is not present in New Zealand. In the 1990s suspected cases of European foulbrood were found and a wider survey of hives was carried out but the samples proved to be negative.
"Varroa" mite.
The "Varroa destructor" mite, a parasite that attacks honey bees, was discovered in the North Island of New Zealand in 2000 and the South Island in 2008. The "Varroa" mite is classed as a "Notifiable Organism" under the Biosecurity Act.
Legislation.
Former or current legislation relevant to beekeeping in New Zealand include:
There is also legislation relating to the bee products themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="20263928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263928" title="Ailanthus-class net laying ship">
Ailanthus-class net laying ship

The "Ailanthus" class were a group of 40 wooden-hulled net laying ships of the United States Navy built during World War II as part of the huge building programs of late 1941 and early 1942 for small patrol and mine warfare vessels. Five of the class were transferred to the British Royal Navy under Lend-Lease, and another five were converted while at their shipyards into Auxiliary Fleet Tugs, the "ATA-214"-class.
Construction.
Originally ordered on 30 September 1941 as Yard Net Tenders ("YN"), the first twenty ships (YN 57-76) were to be constructed for the British under Lend-Lease, while a further twenty (YN 77-96) were for the United States. However, after a major redistribution of small combatant contracts this order was cancelled. Finally in May 1942 contracts for twenty vessels were awarded, with orders for YN 57-66 going to the Everett Pacific Shipbuilding & Drydock Company of Everett, Washington, and for YN 67-76 to the Pollock-Stockton Shipbuilding Company of Stockton, California. 
In July, 14 more ships were ordered from four shipyards; four (YN 77-80) from the Barbour Boat Works in New Bern, North Carolina, five (YN 81-84 and 86) from Snow Shipyards Inc. in Rockland, Maine, one (YN-85) from the Canuelette Shipbuilding Company of Slidell, Louisiana, and four (YN 87-90) from the American Car and Foundry Company of St. Charles, Missouri. 
Finally, in September, the final batch of six ships (YN 91-96) were ordered from the Canuelette Company. On 19 February 1943, after a review of requirements, the first twenty ships were reallocated to the United States. In January 1944 the ships were reclassified as Auxiliary Net Layers, redesignated "AN" and renumbered. Ultimately the British allocation was reduced to five vessels (AN 73-77), and in British service they were called Boom Defence Vessels. On 9 August 1944 five of the ships that were still at their yards were ordered to be converted to Auxiliary Fleet Tugs, and AN-64, 65, and 70-72 were reclassified as ATA 214-218 on 12 August 1944.
Armament.
In the original design, in addition to the 3-inch gun mounted forward of the bridge, there were two single 20 mm guns mounted on top of the bridge. In September 1944, as a trial, a third 20 mm gun was installed on a small elevated platform mounted on a pedestal between the bridge and the smokestack on "Terebinth" (AN-59), but it was found that the arc of fire was restricted, that the platform was too hot to permit the storage of ready ammunition, and that the gun crew became ill from engine fumes. Instead two additional single 20 mm guns were installed at the after end of the deckhouse on AN 39-63 and 66-69. In April 1945 the four single mounts were ordered to be replaced with four twin mounts, but this change does not seem to have been made.
Losses.
Two ships of the class were lost during the war;
Disposal.
In early 1946 six of the ships, "Cliffrose" (AN-42), "Cinnamon" (AN-50), "Silverbell" (AN-51), "Torchwood" (AN-55), "Catclaw" (AN-60), and "Shellbark" (AN-67), were transferred to the Republic of China's Maritime Customs Service at Shanghai, while the remainder were disposed of in 1947 in a Maritime Commission sales program for small vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="20263951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263951" title="Uncial 0200">
Uncial 0200

Uncial 0200 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek-Coptic diglot uncial manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 7th century. The manuscript has survived in a very fragmentary condition.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of Matthew 11:20-21, on one parchment leaf (). The text is written in two columns per page, 17 lines per page, in very large uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th century.
It was examined and described by H. J. M. Milne.
The codex currently is housed at the British Library (Pap. 2077 C) in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20264002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264002" title="Beehive, Gatwick Airport">
Beehive, Gatwick Airport

The Beehive is the original terminal building at Gatwick Airport, England. Opened in 1936, it became obsolete in the 1950s as the airport expanded. In 2008, it was converted into serviced offices, operated by OREGA having served as the headquarters of franchised airline GB Airways for some years before that. It was the world's first fully integrated airport building, and is considered a nationally and internationally important example of airport terminal design. The Beehive is a part of the City Place Gatwick office complex. The former terminal building is located on a site.
History.
Gatwick was a manor in the parish of Charlwood, a village in Surrey. In 1891, a racecourse was built on the land to replace one in nearby Croydon, and the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway provided a railway station to serve it. Growth in the popularity of aviation in the 1920s resulted in London's first airport being established at Waddon, near Croydon; soon afterwards, land next to Gatwick Racecourse was developed as an airfield as well. It received an aerodrome licence in 1930, and was called Gatwick Aerodrome because of its proximity to the racecourse.
A. M. (Morris) Jackaman, who owned several light aircraft, bought the aerodrome in September 1933. He had bold ideas for its future, such as expanding it to make it suitable to use as a relief aerodrome for London (Croydon) Airport and providing a regular service to Paris using de Havilland DH.84 Dragon aircraft. Overcoming resistance from the Air Ministry, which was concerned about the cost of draining the clayey land and diverting the River Mole, he oversaw Gatwick's transition to a public aerodrome, licensed for non-private flights, in 1934, and planned a proper terminal building linked to a new railway station on the adjacent Brighton Main Line. (The former farmhouse on the land used for the aerodrome had been converted into a clubhouse and terminal.) He put great importance on the design process: he, and contemporaries, considered terminals at other aerodromes to be impractical and unsuitable for expansion.
Jackaman developed the idea of a circular terminal building—reputedly in response to a throwaway comment by his father—and submitted a patent application for the concept on 8 October 1934. Advantages claimed for the design included efficient use of space and greater safety of aircraft movements. Telescopic "piers" or gangways would provide covered access from the building to the aircraft. A subway was recommended as the best method of bringing passengers into the building from outside.
Jackaman raised money by floating his company, Airports Ltd, on the stock exchange. The Air Ministry also paid for the right to use Gatwick as a diversionary destination at times when Croydon Aerodrome was inaccessible; and in 1935, Hillman's Airways—months before its merger to form the company now known as British Airways—made Gatwick its operational base, increasing its commercial viability and providing more finance. The aerodrome closed on 6 July 1935 to allow the terminal to be built. The contracted opening date of October 1935 was not met, partly because of ongoing drainage problems, but a new railway station was provided on time in September of that year. This was linked to the terminal when it did open.
The terminal was completed in early 1936. Although the airport was officially reopened on 6 June 1936, flights to various destinations began in May. Jackaman's proposed service to Paris was included: three flights were operated each day, connecting with fast trains from London Victoria station. Combined rail and air tickets were offered for £4.5s, and there was a very short transfer time at the terminal (on some flights, as little as 20 minutes was needed).
Gatwick Airport, as it had become, was requisitioned for military use during the Second World War. Afterwards, it was eventually agreed upon as the site of London's official second airport, behind Heathrow, after other contenders were ruled out. The Government announced its decision in July 1952. Substantial redevelopment started in that year with the acquisition of more land (including the parts of the racecourse site which had not yet been developed) and the diversion of the A23 around the new boundary of the airport. A large new terminal was built between 1956 and 1958, the 1935 railway station closed and a new station was built within the terminal complex, on the site of the old racecourse station. The Beehive was thus cut off from transport connections and the airport at large, although it was still within its boundaries and was used for helicopter traffic for several more years.
The Borough of Crawley was extended northwards in 1974 to include Gatwick Airport and its surrounding land, at which point it moved from Surrey into West Sussex. The Beehive has been in Crawley since then. The county of Surrey had not always been accommodating towards the airport: for example, in 1935, the local council in which the terminal would be built (Dorking and Horley Rural District Council) was concerned about possible compensation claims from local residents and the threat of facing liability for accidents; and it "could see no benefit" to allowing further development.
Architecture.
The terminal was designed by architects Hoar, Marlow and Lovett architect: Alan Marlow in accordance with the design concept provided by Morris Jackaman. It was built from steel reinforced concrete frames with internal brickwork walls, and has been described as a good example of the 1930s trend whereby concrete was used instead of steelwork as the main material for buildings intended to project a "modern" impression. A Vierendeel girder with six supports runs around the first floor roof.
As originally built, the interior consisted of concentric rings of rooms and offices with corridors between them, designed to keep arriving and departing passengers separate. Six telescopic covered corridors led from the main concourse, allowing six aircraft to be in use at one time. A subway led from the terminal to the new station, away, ensuring that passengers arriving by train from London stayed undercover from the time they arrived at Victoria station until the time their aircraft reached its destination.
The building rises from one storey in the exterior ring to three in the centre. This central section originally contained a control tower, weather station and some passenger facilities; the main passenger circulating area surrounded it on the storey below. Baggage handling also took place on this floor. A restaurant and offices were on the ground floor in the outermost ring. The ground and first floors have windows of various sizes at regular intervals, while the former control tower was glazed all around. Changes have been made to the internal layout since the conversion of the building to offices.
The design is frequently described as innovative and revolutionary, and The Beehive is recognised as having been the UK's first integrated airport building, combining all necessary functions in a single structure. It was the first airport to give direct, undercover access to the aircraft, and the first to be integrated with a railway station.
Current use.
GB Airways, established in 1931 as Gibraltar Airways by Gibraltar shipping group MH Bland, moved its headquarters and operational base to The Beehive in 1989.
EasyJet agreed to purchase GB Airways in 2007, but The Beehive was not included. The employment base at The Beehive closed, with 284 job losses. After the purchase was completed in January 2008, the building was retained by GB's former parent company, Bland Group, and was partially converted to become a "service centre" for the group's operations in the United Kingdom. The Bland Group markets the office space to tenants requiring serviced office accommodation.
The Beehive was listed at Grade II* on 19 August 1996. It is one of the 12 Grade II* buildings, and 100 listed buildings of all grades, in the Borough of Crawley.

</doc>
<doc id="20264027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264027" title="2002 Eastern League season">
2002 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Norwich Navigators defeated the Harrisburg Senators 3 games to 2 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:
Playoffs.
Divisional Series.
Northern Division.
The Norwich Navigators defeated the New Haven Ravens in the Northern Division playoffs 3 games to 0.
Southern Division.
The Harrisburg Senators defeated the Akron Aeros in the Southern Division playoffs 3 games to 2. 
Championship Series.
The Norwich Navigators defeated the Harrisburg Senators in the ELCS 3 games to 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20264077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264077" title="Kitsap Pumas">
Kitsap Pumas

Kitsap Pumas is an American professional soccer team based in Bremerton, Washington, United States. Founded in 2008, the team plays in the USL Premier Development League (PDL), the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, in the Northwest Division of the Western Conference.
Kitsap are the reigning PDL champions, having beaten Laredo Heat 1-0 in the 2011 PDL Championship game on August 6, 2011.
The team plays its home games at Gordon Field Park, Kitsap County Fairgrounds. The team's colors are blue, white and gold.
Kitsap also fields a professional indoor team which currently plays in the Northwest Division of the Premier Arena Soccer League. The indoor team played in the Professional Arena Soccer League for one season. All Kitsap Pumas home games are web streamed.
History.
The long term goal of the organization is to build the club up into a USL Pro side. The current owner was a minority owner in the USL 1 Seattle Sounders club prior to its move up to Major League Soccer.
The Pumas were one of four expansion teams in the NW Division of 2009 PDL season along with the Victoria Highlanders, Portland Timbers U23s, and Seattle Wolves. The Pumas played their first official game on May 2, 2009, a 5-0 victory over the Spokane Spiders, with the first goal in franchise history being scored by Tony Kerr. The Pumas qualified for the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup in their first year beating the Cascade Surge 3-0 at home on the final day of qualifying, outlasting the Portland Timbers U23's by 1 point. Their stay in the tournament was a short one as they lost to the USL Division I Portland Timbers 3-0 in front of a record crowd of 2,128.
Kitsap rebounded with victories in its next five games to take a commanding lead in the Northwest Division. The Pumas became the first team in the PDL to clinch a playoff spot, doing so on July 5. They missed a chance to take the division when they gave up a goal in stoppage time against the Timbers U23 on July 4, but defeated the Abbotsford Mariners 1-0 on July 11 as Stephen Phillips scored off an Alex Megson assist to earn the team's first ever Northwest Division title and a first round playoff bye.
Kitsap went on to beat the Seattle Wolves in their first ever play-off match 2-0 in front of a new club record attendance of 2,328, before losing to the Ventura County Fusion 2-1 in the PDL quarterfinals in Laredo, Texas.
On August 11, it was announced that head coach John Wedge would not return for the 2010 PDL season. It was later revealed by Wedge that the loss to the Fusion cost him his job. On November 9, 2010 the club announced the hiring of Pete Fewing as its new head coach.
Kitsap got off to another strong start for the 2010 season as they won their first five games to qualify for the U.S. Open Cup for the second straight season. They defeated the NPSL Bay Area Ambassadors 4-2 for their first ever win in the tournament. They lost to the Portland Timbers in the second round, the second time in as many years they were eliminated by the then USL-1 club. The Pumas also had problems with the Portland Timbers U23's as well, losing 3-0 and 1-0 in regular season contests. Despite not repeating as division champs, Kitsap clinched the second and final playoff spot by defeating Vancouver 6-2 on July 20.
Kitsap was selected to host the Western Conference playoffs and outlasted the defending champs Ventura County Fusion on penalty kicks in their semifinal match. It was the first time in club history that a match had gone penalty kicks. Dustyn Brim made a save while Jamel Wallace converted the winning penalty attempt. But the Pumas did not have enough energy to outlast the eventual PDL national champions, losing 2-1 to the Portland Timbers U23's.
That fall, the team entered the Professional Arena Soccer League for the 2010-2011 indoor season, where they had a very strong season.
The Pumas made a strong start to the 2011 season, but their early results were matched by Portland Timbers U23's, who also made a strong start to the season, with both teams tied in all statistical qualifiers for the U.S. Open Cup. Instead of holding a lottery, the Pumas persuaded the Timbers and the USL to let their next regular season match against each other double as a qualification for the tournament. Kitsap beat the Timbers 3-2 as Robby Christner scored a brace while Bryan Meredith - who was drafted by Seattle Sounders FC - made a key save on a penalty kick to help the Pumas become the first PDL team to qualify for the Open Cup their first three years as an organization. The Pumas defeated the Chivas El Paso Patriots in a first round Open Cup match in penalty kicks. Goalkeeper Zac Lubin - who was starting in place of an injured Meredith - held the Patriots scoreless for the entire match. He then made two saves in the penalty shootout, which went nine rounds before Bryan Burke converted in the ninth round to send the team into the second round of the tournament. They defeated the Real Colorado Foxes 3-1 to set up a first-ever official meeting with the Seattle Sounders (the two teams had played in closed door scrimmages the last two years.) Seattle defeated Kitsap 2-1 in a match that saw the Pumas miss on two chances on goal to upset the two-time defending Cup champions.
Back in league play, Kitsap stayed undefeated for much of the season, clinching a second division championship with a scoreless draw against Abbotsford. They lost their first ever international friendly - a 1-0 defeat against Football League Two side Port Vale - and their last game of the season against Victoria Highlanders, missing another chance to run the table for the regular season. The playoffs were a much different story, as Kitsap defeated Ventura County Fusion 1-0 and upset the Fresno Fuego 1-0 to win its first ever Western Conference title. The match against Fresno ended a 25-game winning streak by the Fuego. Daniel Scott scored in injury time while Meredith made a save off a penalty kick attempt by PDL MVP Milton Blanco a few seconds later to ensure the win. Kitsap returned home to host the PDL championship and made it pay off, as they defeated the Thunder Bay Chill 3-1 and the Laredo Heat 1-0 to win its first ever national title. Christner scored the game's lone goal off an assist by Burke.
On Oct. 27, Waite announced that Fewing would not return next season. A month later, the club announced that assistant coach James Ritchie would take over the head coaching spot.
Players.
Notable former players.
"This list of notable former players comprises players who went on to play professional soccer after playing for the team in the Premier Development League, or those who previously played professionally before joining the team."
Year-by-year.
Note: Click US Open Cup for competition wiki. Click league for league season wiki. Click on year for team's season wiki.
Average attendance.
Attendance stats are calculated by averaging each team's self-reported home attendances from the historical match archive at http://www.uslsoccer.com/history/index_E.html.
Crest.
The official Kitsap Soccer Club crest was designed by Joel DuChesne, who won a competition held by the club to design a logo for the team prior to the 2009 season. Pumas owner Robin Waite said “We were floored when Joel’s entry came it. It struck so completely at the heart of what the Kitsap Soccer Club is all about – traditional, authentic, yet modern, clean and looking to the future. He absolutely nailed it.” As his prize, DuChesne was presented with tickets to the club’s opening match against Tacoma Tide on May 15, 2009, and a pair of full 2009 season tickets.

</doc>
<doc id="20264078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264078" title="Dharma Blues">
Dharma Blues

Dharma Blues is the title of a recording by American folk and blues guitarist Peter Lang, released in 2002. 
History.
"Dharma Blues" was Lang's first release since his 1986 "American Stock". Lang's first solo album, "The Thing at the Nursery Room Window" was released in 1972 on Takoma Records. Along with Lang, John Fahey launched the careers of other notable artists on Takoma, including Leo Kottke. Lang had toured and recorded for nearly ten years before leaving the business.
In his liner notes for "Dharma Blues", Lang states "I had distanced myself from the music business for many years, but never the music. Dogs howl, people play music. When the moon is full, I howl."
Reception.
Allmusic reviewer Ronnie D. Lankford, Jr. states in his review that "Dharma Blues" "pretty much picks up where Lang and his fellow pickers left off in the 1970s. Unlike Fahey or, say, Robbie Basho, however, Lang's fingerpicking seldom uses dissonance or shows the influence of Eastern music... Most of the pieces on Dharma Blues are self-penned and have enough bite to keep them from falling into new age sameness."
Track listing.
All songs by Peter Lang except "Poor Boy" by John Fahey and Bukka White and "Guitar Rag" by Sylvester Weaver.
Personnel.
Production notes:

</doc>
<doc id="20264082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264082" title="Nigrutinski rečeno-Štrokavi mozak">
Nigrutinski rečeno-Štrokavi mozak

Nigrutinski rečeno is the first solo album by Serbian rapper Ajs Nigrutin.

</doc>
<doc id="20264144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264144" title="2001 Eastern League season">
2001 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The New Britain Rock Cats and Reading Phillies advanced to the ELCS. The teams were declared Co-Champions due to stoppage of play in professional baseball as a result of the September 11 attacks in the United States. 
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:
Playoffs.
Divisional Series.
Northern Division.
The New Britain Rock Cats defeated the Norwich Navigators in the Northern Division playoffs 3 games to 1.
Southern Division.
The Reading Phillies defeated the Erie SeaWolves in the Southern Division playoffs 3 games to 1. 
Championship Series.
The ELCS was not played in 2001 as a result of the September 11 attacks. The New Britain Rock Cats and Reading Phillies were declared Co-Champions due to stoppage of play in professional baseball 

</doc>
<doc id="20264152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264152" title="Tony Payne">
Tony Payne

Thomas Anthony 'Tony' Payne (born 10 April 1958) Owensboro, Kentucky) is an American darts player. He is also well known for publishing an article in the "Bulls Eye News" magazine famously titled "Thermonuclear Cricket". The article discusses Payne's strategies on how to play a better cricket game (quite possibly the best strategy). The article has been reprinted on numerous occasions in "Bulls Eye News".
Career.
Payne played in seven BDO World Darts Championships, but only managed to win one match in 1991, where he defeated Chris Johns, eventually losing in the second round to then World Champion Phil Taylor. All his other appearances saw him beaten in the first round where he lost to the likes of Eric Bristow (1987), Cliff Lazarenko (1988) and Bob Taylor (1994). Payne is, along with Davy Richardson and Steve West, one of three players to have lost their first five matches at the World Championship.
Despite his poor record at the world championship, Payne fared better in other BDO majors, reaching the final in the 1985 WDF World Cup Men's singles where he lost to Bristow and also reached the semi-finals of the 1985 Winmau World Masters where he lost to Northern Ireland's Ray Farrell. One of Payne's most notable career landmarks was his defeat of the former English player Steve Brown for the championship title of the 1990 Lucky Lights Challenge of Champions.
In July 1994, Payne crossed the darting divide where he was one of eleven Americans invited to play in the PDC World Matchplay. He lost in the first round to fellow American Paul Lim. After that, Payne retired from darts, preferring to spend more time with his family. He became a born-again Christian. However in 2003, Payne returned to the game and qualified for the Las Vegas Desert Classic, the first American darts player to qualify on live television, where he lost his opening group game to Steve Beaton but defeated Ronnie Baxter 8-1 which gave him a good chance of qualifying. However, Beaton went on to beat Baxter and win the group. Payne also played in the 2004 PDC World Darts Championship but lost in the first round to Steve Maish.

</doc>
<doc id="20264154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264154" title="Gerry Jones">
Gerry Jones

Norman Francis (Gerry) Jones (born 16 August 1932) is a former Australian politician. Born at Roma, Queensland, he was a research assistant before becoming state organiser of the Queensland Labor Party 1967-1972. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for Everton at the 1972 state election, but was defeated in the landslide Labor loss of 1974. He was a Labor Party Executive Officer 1976-1977 and State Secretary 1977-1980. In 1980, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Queensland. He remained in the Senate until his retirement in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20264168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264168" title="Ağalıq">
Ağalıq

Ağalıq (known as Beynəlmiləl until 1999) is a village and the most populous municipality, except for the capital Dəvəçi, in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,446.

</doc>
<doc id="20264183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264183" title="Ağbaş, Davachi">
Ağbaş, Davachi

Ağbaş is a village and municipality in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,751.

</doc>
<doc id="20264190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264190" title="Əmirxanlı, Davachi">
Əmirxanlı, Davachi

Əmirxanlı is a village and municipality in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,382. The municipality consists of the villages of Əmirxanlı and Üzümlü.

</doc>
<doc id="20264199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264199" title="Günəşli, Davachi">
Günəşli, Davachi

Günəşli is a village and municipality in the Shabran Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 693. The municipality consists of the villages of Günəşli and Daşlıyataq.

</doc>
<doc id="20264208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264208" title="Taxtalar">
Taxtalar

Taxtalar is a village and municipality in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 532.

</doc>
<doc id="20264214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264214" title="Vələsli, Davachi">
Vələsli, Davachi

Vələsli is a village and municipality in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 329. The municipality consists of the villages of Vələsli and Ceyranlı.

</doc>
<doc id="20264216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264216" title="Egoist anarchism">
Egoist anarchism

Egoist anarchism is a school of anarchist thought that originated in the philosophy of Max Stirner, a nineteenth-century Hegelian philosopher whose "name appears with familiar regularity in historically orientated surveys of anarchist thought as one of the earliest and best-known exponents of individualist anarchism."
Max Stirner and his philosophy.
Max Stirner.
Johann Kaspar Schmidt (October 25, 1806 – June 26, 1856), better known as Max Stirner (the "nom de plume" he adopted from a schoolyard nickname he had acquired as a child because of his high brow, in German 'Stirn'), was a German philosopher, who ranks as one of the literary precursors of nihilism, existentialism, post-modernism, and anarchism, especially of individualist anarchism. Stirner's main work is "The Ego and Its Own", also known as "The Ego and His Own" ("Der Einzige und sein Eigentum" in German, which translates literally as "The Only One and his Property"). This work was first published in 1844 in Leipzig, and has since appeared in numerous editions and translations.
Stirner's egoist philosophy.
Stirner's philosophy is usually called "egoism". He says that the egoist rejects pursuit of devotion to "a great idea, a good cause, a doctrine, a system, a lofty calling," saying that the egoist has no political calling but rather "lives themselves out" without regard to "how well or ill humanity may fare thereby." Stirner held that the only limitation on the rights of the individual is his power to obtain what he desires. He proposes that most commonly accepted social institutions—including the notion of State, property as a right, natural rights in general, and the very notion of society—were mere "spooks" in the mind. Stirner wanted to "abolish not only the state but also society as an institution responsible for its members."
Max Stirner's idea of the union of Egoists (), was first expounded in "The Ego and Its Own". The Union is understood as a non-systematic association, which Stirner proposed in contradistinction to the state. The Union is understood as a relation between egoists which is continually renewed by all parties' support through an act of will. The Union requires that all parties participate out of a conscious egoism. If one party silently finds themselves to be suffering, but puts up and keeps the appearance, the union has degenerated into something else. This union is not seen as an authority above a person's own will. This idea has received interpretations for politics, economics, romance, and sex.
Stirner claimed that property comes about through might: "Whoever knows how to take, to defend, the thing, to him belongs property." "What I have in my power, that is my own. So long as I assert myself as holder, I am the proprietor of the thing." "I do not step shyly back from your property, but look upon it always as my property, in which I respect nothing. Pray do the like with what you call my property!". His concept of "egoistic property" not only rejects moral restraint on how one obtains and uses "things", but includes other people as well.
Though Stirner's philosophy is individualist, it has influenced some libertarian communists and anarcho-communists. "For Ourselves Council for Generalized Self-Management" discusses Stirner and speaks of a "communist egoism," which is said to be a "synthesis of individualism and collectivism," and says that "greed in its fullest sense is the only possible basis of communist society." Forms of libertarian communism such as insurrectionary anarchism are influenced by Stirner. Anarcho-communist Emma Goldman was influenced by both Stirner and Peter Kropotkin and blended their philosophies together in her own.
Influence and expansion of Egoist Anarchism.
Early development.
Europe.
The Scottish born German writer John Henry Mackay found out about Stirner while reading a copy of Friedrich Albert Lange´s "History of Materialism and Critique of its Present Importance". Later he looked for a copy of "The Ego and Its Own" and after being fascinated with it he wrote a biography of Stirner ("Max Stirner - sein Leben und sein Werk"), published in German in 1898. Mackay´s propaganda of stirnerist egoism and of male homosexual and bisexual rights had an impact on Adolf Brand who published the world's first ongoing homosexual publication, "Der Eigene" in 1896. The name of that publication was taken from Stirner, who had greatly influenced the young Brand, and refers to Stirner's concept of "self-ownership" of the individual. "Der Eigene" concentrated on cultural and scholarly material, and may have averaged around 1500 subscribers per issue during its lifetime. Benjamin Tucker followed this journal from the United States.
Another later German anarchist publication influenced deeply by Stirner was "Der Einzige". It appeared in 1919, as a weekly, then sporadically until 1925 and was edited by cousins Anselm Ruest (pseud. for Ernst Samuel) and Mynona (pseud. for Salomo Friedlaender). Its title was adopted from the book "Der Einzige und sein Eigentum" (engl. trans. "The Ego and Its Own") by Max Stirner. Another influence was the thought of German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche. The publication was connected to the local expressionist artistic current and the transition from it towards dada.
Stirnerian egoism became a main influence on European individualist anarchism including its main proponents in the early 20th century such as Emile Armand, Han Ryner, and Gérard de Lacaze-Duthiers in France, Renzo Novatore in Italy, Miguel Giménez Igualada in Spain and in Russia Lev Chernyi.
"For Novatore—a reader of Stirner, but not for that a disciple of stirnerism—the affirmation of the individual, the continuous tension toward freedom, led inevitably to the struggle against the existent, to the violent battle against authority and against every type of 'wait—and see' attitude." Emile Armand ´s stirnerist egoism (as well as his Nietzschetianism) can be appreciated when he writes in "Anarchist Individualism as Life and Activity (1907)" when he says anarchists "are pioneers attached to no party, non-conformists, standing outside herd morality and conventional 'good' and 'evil' 'a-social'. A 'species' apart, one might say. They go forward, stumbling, sometimes falling, sometimes triumphant, sometimes vanquished. But they do go forward, and by living for themselves, these 'egoists', they dig the furrow, they open the broach through which will pass those who deny archism, the unique ones who will succeed them." Spanish individualist anarchist Miguel Gimenez Igualada wrote a book on Stirner. In Russia, individualist anarchism inspired by Stirner "combined with an appreciation for Friedrich Nietzsche attracted a small following of bohemian artists and intellectuals such as Lev Chernyi, as well as a few lone wolves who found self-expression in crime and violence". They rejected organizing, believing that only unorganized individuals were safe from coercion and domination, believing this kept them true to the ideals of anarchism. (see illegalism)
Stirner´s influence also expressed itself also in a different way in Spanish and French individualist anarchism. "The theoretical positions and the vital experiences of french individualism are deeply iconoclastic and scandalous, even within libertarian circles. The call of nudist naturism (see anarcho-naturism), the strong defense of birth control methods, the idea of "unions of egoists" with the sole justification of sexual practices, that will try to put in practice, not without difficulties, will establish a way of thought and action, and will result in sympathy within some, and a strong rejection within others."
Illegalism.
Illegalism was an anarchist practice that developed primarily in France, Italy, Belgium, and Switzerland during the early 1900s that found justification in Stirner´s philosophy. The illegalists openly embraced criminality as a lifestyle. Illegalists usually did not seek moral basis for their actions, recognizing only the reality of "might" rather than "right"; for the most part, illegal acts were done simply to satisfy personal desires and needs, not for some greater ideal, although some committed crimes as a form of propaganda of the deed.
Illegalism first rose to prominence among a generation of Europeans inspired by the unrest of the 1890s, during which Ravachol, Émile Henry, Auguste Vaillant, and Caserio committed daring crimes in the name of anarchism, in what is known as propaganda of the deed. The French Bonnot Gang were the most famous group to embrace illegalism.
The illegalists broke from anarchists like Clément Duval and Marius Jacob who justified theft with a theory of "la reprise individuelle" (). Instead, the illegalists argued that their actions required no moral basis; illegal acts were performed not in the name of a higher ideal, but in pursuit of one's own desires.
As a reaction to this, French anarchist communists attempted to distance themselves from illegalism and anarchist individualism as a whole. In August 1913, the Fédération Communiste-Anarchistes (FCA) condemned individualism as "bourgeois" and more in keeping with capitalism than communism. An article believed to have been written by Peter Kropotkin, in the British anarchist paper "Freedom", argued that "Simple-minded young comrades were often led away by the illegalists' apparent anarchist logic; outsiders simply felt disgusted with anarchist ideas and definitely stopped their ears to any propaganda."
The United States and the United Kingdom.
Some American individualist anarchists such as Benjamin Tucker, abandoned natural rights positions and converted to Max Stirner's Egoist anarchism. Rejecting the idea of moral rights, Tucker said that there were only two rights, "the right of might" and "the right of contract." He also said, after converting to Egoist individualism, "In times past...it was my habit to talk glibly of the right of man to land. It was a bad habit, and I long ago sloughed it off...Man's only right to land is his might over it." In adopting Stirnerite egoism (1886), Tucker rejected natural rights which had long been considered the foundation of libertarianism. This rejection galvanized the movement into fierce debates, with the natural rights proponents accusing the egoists of destroying libertarianism itself. So bitter was the conflict that a number of natural rights proponents withdrew from the pages of "Liberty" in protest even though they had hitherto been among its frequent contributors. Thereafter, Liberty championed egoism although its general content did not change significantly."
"Several periodicals were undoubtedly influenced by "Liberty"'s presentation of egoism. They included: "I" published by C.L. Swartz, edited by W.E. Gordak and J.W. Lloyd (all associates of "Liberty"); "The Ego" and "The Egoist", both of which were edited by Edward H. Fulton. Among the egoist papers that Tucker followed were the German "Der Eigene", edited by Adolf Brand, and "The Eagle" and "The Serpent", issued from London. The latter, the most prominent English-language egoist journal, was published from 1898 to 1900 with the subtitle 'A Journal of Egoistic Philosophy and Sociology.
American anarchists who adhered to egoism include Benjamin Tucker, John Beverley Robinson, Steven T. Byington, Hutchins Hapgood, James L. Walker, Victor Yarros and E.H. Fulton. John Beverley Robinson wrote an essay called "Egoism" in which he states that "Modern egoism, as propounded by Stirner and Nietzsche, and expounded by Ibsen, Shaw and others, is all these; but it is more. It is the realization by the individual that they are an individual; that, as far as they are concerned, they are the only individual."
Steven T. Byington was a one-time proponent of Georgism who later converted to egoist stirnerist positions after associating with Benjamin Tucker. He is known for translating two important anarchist works into English from German: Max Stirner's "The Ego and Its Own" and Paul Eltzbacher's "Anarchism; exponents of the anarchist philosophy" (also published by Dover with the title "The Great Anarchists: Ideas and Teachings of Seven Major Thinkers"). James L. Walker (sometimes known by the pen name "Tak Kak") was one of the main contributors to Benjamin Tucker's "Liberty". He published his major philosophical work called "Philosophy of Egoism" in the May 1890 to September 1891 in issues of the publication "Egoism".
Nietzsche (see Anarchism and Friedrich Nietzsche) and Stirner were frequently compared by French "literary anarchists" and anarchist interpretations of Nietzschean ideas appear to have also been influential in the United States. One researcher notes "Indeed, translations of Nietzsche's writings in the United States very likely appeared first in "Liberty", the anarchist journal edited by Benjamin Tucker." He adds "Tucker preferred the strategy of exploiting his writings, but proceeding with due caution: 'Nietzsche says splendid things, – often, indeed, Anarchist things, – but he is no Anarchist. It is of the Anarchists, then, to intellectually exploit this would-be exploiter. He may be utilized profitably, but not prophetably.'"
Anarchist communist Emma Goldman was influenced by both Stirner and Peter Kropotkin as well as the Russian strain of individualist anarchism, and blended these philosophies together in her own, as shown in books of hers such as "Anarchism And Other Essays". There she defends both Stirner and Friedrich Nietzsche when she says "The most disheartening tendency common among readers is to tear out one sentence from a work, as a criterion of the writer's ideas or personality ... It is the same narrow attitude which sees in Max Stirner naught but the apostle of the theory 'each for himself, the devil take the hind one.' That Stirner's individualism contains the greatest social possibilities is utterly ignored. Yet, it is nevertheless true that if society is ever to become free, it will be so through liberated individuals, whose free efforts make society." Usually egoism within anarchism is associated with individualist anarchism but it found admiration in the mainstream social anarchists such as anarcha-feminists Emma Goldman and Federica Montseny (both also admired Friedrich Nietzsche). Max Baginski was an important collaborator in Goldman´s publication "Mother Earth". Bagisnki in an essay titled "Stirner: The Ego and His Own" published in "Mother Earth" puts forward an anarchocommunist interpretation of Stirner´s philosophy when he manifests that "Fully as heartily the Communists concur with Stirner when he puts the word "take" in place of "demand" — that leads to the dissolution of property, to expropriation. Individualism and Communism go hand in hand."
Enrico Arrigoni (pseudonym: Frank Brand) was an Italian American individualist anarchist Lathe operator, house painter, bricklayer, dramatist and political activist influenced by the work of Max Stirner. He took the pseudonym "Brand" from a fictional character in one of Henrik Ibsen´s plays. In the 1910s he started becoming involved in anarchist and anti-war activism around Milan. From the 1910s until the 1920s he participated in anarchist activities and popular uprisings in various countries including Switzerland, Germany, Hungary, Argentina and Cuba. He lived from the 1920s onwards in New York City and there he edited the individualist anarchist eclectic journal "Eresia" in 1928. He also wrote for other American anarchist publications such as "L' Adunata dei refrattari", "Cultura Obrera", Controcorrente and Intessa Libertaria.
Latin America.
Argentine anarchist historian Angel Cappelletti reports that in Argentina "Among the workers that came from Europe in the 2 first decades of the century, there was curiously some stirnerian individualists influenced by the philosophy of Nietzsche, that saw syndicalism as a potential enemy of anarchist ideology. They established...affinity groups that in 1912 came to, according to Max Nettlau, to the number of 20. In 1911 there appeared, in Colón, the periodical "El Único", that defined itself as ´Publicación individualista´".
Vicente Rojas Lizcano whose pseudonym was Biófilo Panclasta, was a Colombian individualist anarchist writer and activist. In 1904 he begins using the name Biofilo Panclasta. "Biofilo" in Spanish stands for "lover of life" and "Panclasta" for "enemy of all". He visited more than fifty countries propagandizing for anarchism which in his case was highly influenced by the thought of Max Stirner and Friedrich Nietszche. Among his written works there are "Siete años enterrado vivo en una de las mazmorras de Gomezuela: Horripilante relato de un resucitado"(1932) and "Mis prisiones, mis destierros y mi vida" (1929) which talk about his many adventures while living his life as an adventurer, activist and vagabond, as well as his thought and the many times he was imprisoned in different countries.
Horst Matthai Quelle was a Spanish language German anarchist philosopher influenced by Max Stirner. In 1938, at the beginning of the German economic crisis and the rise of Nazism and fascism in Europe, Quelle moved to Mexico. Quelle earned his undergraduate degree, master's and doctorate in philosophy at the National Autonomous University of Mexico, where he returned as a professor of philosophy in the 1980s. He argued that since the individual gives form to the world, he is those objects, the others and the whole universe. One of his main views was a "theory of infinite worlds" which for him was developed by pre-socratic philosophers.
Japan.
Jun Tsuji was a Japanese anarchist, epicurean and dadaist shakuhachi musician, actor, and bohemian who after discovering and adhering to Stirner´s philosophy proceeded to translate "The Ego and Its Own" into the Japanese language. Stirner also influenced the Japanese anarchist writer and activist Sakae Osugi who also received the influence of Nietzsche, Henri Bergson, Peter Kropotkin, and Georges Sorel.
Mid 20th century.
In 1939 the anarcho-pacifist French individualist anarchist André Arru starts his activities as an orator and writer with a conference on Max Stirner and his book "The Ego and His Own" French individualist anarchists grouped behind Emile Armand, published "L'Unique" after World War II. "L'Unique", whose name was inspired by the French translation of "The Ego and its Own" (in French "L'Unique et sa propriété") went from 1945 to 1956 with a total of 110 numbers. In 1956, the Spanish individualist anarchist Miguel Giménez Igualada published an extensive treatise on Stirner which he dedicated to fellow individualist anarchist Emile Armand In the 1960s the French anarcho-communist Daniel Guérin in "Anarchism: From Theory to Practice" says that Stirner "rehabilitated the individual at a time when the philosophical field was dominated by Hegelian anti-individualism and most reformers in the social field had been led by the misdeeds of bourgeois egotism to stress its opposite" and pointed to "the boldness and scope of his thought."
Existentialist anarchism.
In the United Kingdom Herbert Read was influenced highly by egoism as he later came close to existentialism. David Goodway in "Herbert Read Reassessed" writes that in Read's "Education Through Art" (1943) "Here we have the egoism of Max Stirner assimilated in the anarchist communism of Peter Kropotkin." He cites Read for this affirmation which shows egoism's influence:
Uniqueness has no practical value in isolation. One of the most certain lessons of modern psychology and of recent historical experiences, is that education must be a process, not only of individuation, but also of integration, which is the reconciliation of individual uniqueness with social unity ... the individual will be "good" in the degree that his individuality is realized within the organic wholeness of the community.
Albert Camus devotes a section of "The Rebel" to Stirner. He consigns him to dwelling in a desert of isolation and negation "drunk with destruction". Camus also accuses Stirner of going "as far as he can in blasphemy". He proclaims that Stirner is "intoxicated with the perspective of justifying" crime although without mentioning that Stirner carefully distinguishes between the ordinary criminal and the "criminal" as violator of the "sacred". He mishaps by misquoting Stirner through asserting that he "specifies" in relation to other human beings "kill them, do not martyr them" when in fact he writes "I can kill them, not torture them"—and this in relation to the moralist who both kills and tortures to serve the "concept of the 'good.
Although throughout his book Camus is concerned to present "the rebel" as a preferred alternative to "the revolutionary" he nowhere acknowledges that this distinction is taken from the one that Stirner makes between "the revolutionary" and "the insurrectionist"."
Late 20th century and today.
Sidney Parker is a British egoist individualist anarchist who wrote articles and edited anarchist journals from 1963 to 1993 such as "Minus One", "Egoist", and "Ego". In "Ego and society" he writes "Against the mystique of the sociocrat, stands the conscious ego of the autocrat, whose being is pivoted within, and who regards 'society' simply as a means or instrument, not a source or sanction. The egoist refuses to be ensnared by the net of conceptual imperatives that surrounds the hypostatization of 'society' preferring the real to the unreal, the fact to the myth."
During the 1990s in Argentina there appears a stirnerist publication called "El Único: publicacion periódica de pensamiento individualista".
Situationists.
In the seventies an American situationist collective called "For Ourselves: Council for Generalized Self-Management" published a book called "" in which they advocate a "communist egoism" basing themselves on Stirner. Its authors say, "The positive conception of egoism, the perspective of communist egoism, is the very heart and unity of our theoretical and practical coherence." Here the authors write, "The perspective of communist egoism is the perspective of that selfishness which desires nothing so much as other selves, of that egoism which wants nothing so much as other egos; of that greed which is greedy to love—love being the 'total appropriation' of man by man." "Communist egoism" names the synthesis of individualism and collectivism, just as communist society names the actual, material, sensuous solution to the historical contradiction of the "particular" and the "general" interest, a contradiction engendered especially in the cleavage of society against itself into classes.
Post-left anarchy.
In the eighties in the United States emerged the tendency of post-left anarchy which was influenced profoundly by egoism in aspects such as the critique of ideology. Jason McQuinn says that "when I (and other anti-ideological anarchists) criticize ideology, it is always from a specifically critical, anarchist perspective rooted in both the skeptical, individualist-anarchist philosophy of Max Stirner". Also Bob Black and Feral Faun/Wolfi Landstreicher strongly adhere to Stirnerist egoism. A reprinting of "" in the eighties was done with the involvement of Bob Black who also wrote the preface to it. Bob Black has also humorously suggested the idea of "Marxist Stirnerism" just as he wrote an essay on "groucho-marxism". He writes in the preface to "The Right to be Greedy": "If Marxism-Stirnerism is conceivable, every orthodoxy prating of freedom or liberation is called into question, anarchism included. The only reason to read this book, as its authors would be the first to agree, is for what you can get out of it."
Hakim Bey has said "From Stirner's "Union of Self-Owning Ones" we proceed to Nietzsche's circle of "Free Spirits" and thence to Charles Fourier's "Passional Series", doubling and redoubling ourselves even as the Other multiplies itself in the eros of the group." Bey also wrote that "The Mackay Society, of which Mark & I are active members, is devoted to the anarchism of Max Stirner, Benj. Tucker & John Henry Mackay...The Mackay Society, incidentally, represents a little-known current of individualist thought which never cut its ties with revolutionary labor. Dyer Lum, Ezra & Angela Haywood represent this school of thought; Jo Labadie, who wrote for Tucker’s "Liberty", made himself a link between the american “plumb-line” anarchists, the “philosophical” individualists, & the syndicalist or communist branch of the movement; his influence reached the Mackay Society through his son, Laurance. Like the Italian Stirnerites (who influenced us through our late friend Enrico Arrigoni) we support all anti-authoritarian currents, despite their apparent contradictions."
Post-anarchism.
In the hybrid of post-structuralism and anarchism called post-anarchism the Australian political theorist Saul Newman has written a lot on Stirner and his similarities to post-structuralism. He writes:
Max Stirner's impact on contemporary political theory is often neglected. However in Stirner's political thinking there can be found a surprising convergence with poststructuralist theory, particularly with regard to the function of power. Andrew Koch, for instance, sees Stirner as a thinker who transcends the Hegelian tradition he is usually placed in, arguing that his work is a precursor poststructuralist ideas about the foundations of knowledge and truth.
Newman has published several essays on Stirner. "War on the State: Stirner and Deleuze's Anarchism" and "Empiricism, pluralism, and politics in Deleuze and Stirner" discusses what he sees are similarities between Stirner's thought and that of Gilles Deleuze. In "Spectres of Stirner: a Contemporary Critique of Ideology" he discusses the conception of ideology in Stirner. In "Stirner and Foucault: Toward a Post-Kantian Freedom" similarities between Stirner and Michel Foucault. Also he wrote "Politics of the ego: Stirner's critique of liberalism".
Insurrectionary anarchism.
Egoism has had a strong influence on insurrectionary anarchism, as can be seen in the work of Wolfi Landstreicher and Alfredo Bonanno. Bonanno has written on Stirner in works such as "Max Stirner" and "Max Stirner und der Anarchismus".
Feral Faun wrote in 1995 that:
In the game of insurgence—a lived guerilla war game—it is strategically necessary to use identities and roles. Unfortunately, the context of social relationships gives these roles and identities the power to define the individual who attempts to use them. So I, Feral Faun, became ... an anarchist ... a writer ... a Stirner-influenced, post-situationist, anti-civilization theorist ... if not in my own eyes, at least in the eyes of most people who've read my writings.
In the famous Italian insurrectionary anarchist essay written by an anonymous writer "At Daggers Drawn with the Existent, its Defenders and its False Critics" there reads "The workers who, during a wildcat strike, carried a banner saying, 'We are not asking for anything' understood that the defeat is in the claim itself ('the claim against the enemy is eternal'). There is no alternative but to take everything. As Stirner said: 'No matter how much you give them, they will always ask for more, because what they want is no less than the end of every concession'."

</doc>
<doc id="20264229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264229" title="John Black (Australian politician)">
John Black (Australian politician)

John Rees Black (born 26 January 1952) is a former Australian politician. Born in Sydney, he was a journalist and industrial advocate before entering politics. In 1984, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Queensland. He remained a Senator until his defeat in 1990. John Black chaired the Senate Inquiry into "Drugs in Sport" which reported to Parliament in May 1989. This report provided the initial reference report on this important issue.
Career after politics.
In 1994, he established a demographic research and marketing group called Australian Development Strategies of which he became CEO. He has been a regular commentator on Australian politics. John Black has also maintained a lifelong interest in the issue of drugs in sport and the management of this issue for the betterment of sport. 

</doc>
<doc id="20264288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264288" title="Deanery of Barnstaple">
Deanery of Barnstaple

The Deanery of Barnstaple in north Devon is one of the deaneries of the Archdeaconry of Barnstaple, one of the archdeaconries of the Church of England Diocese of Exeter. The Rural Dean is The Reverend Giles King-Smith.
Benefice of Barnstaple Team Ministry.
Parishes:
Clergy:
Benefice of Braunton (St Brannock) with Saunton (St Anne).
Clergy:
Benefice of Fremington (St Peter) with Bickington (St Andrew).
Clergy:
Benefice of Georgeham (St George) with Croyde (St Mary Magdalene).
Clergy:
Benefice of Heanton Punchardon (St Augustine) with Marwood (St Michael and All Angels), in a mission community with West Down (St Calixtus).
Clergy:
Benefice of Ilfracombe Team Ministry.
Parishes:
Clergy:
Benefice of Ilfracombe (St Philip and St James).
Clergy:

</doc>
<doc id="20264289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264289" title="Forrest McPherson">
Forrest McPherson

Forrest W. McPherson (October 22, 1911 - October 7, 1989)was an American football player (center, guard and tackle). 
McPherson was born in 1911 in Fairbury, Nebraska. He attended the University of Nebraska and made his professional debut in the NFL in 1935 with the Chicago Bears until he was traded to the Philadelphia Eagles the same year. He played for the Green Bay Packers and Philadelphia Eagles over the course of his 10 year career. He also played for the 1938 Los Angeles Bulldogs (Independent,) Los Angeles Dons, Hollywood Bears. In 1934 he signed with the St Louis Gunners Pro Football Club but did not play with them. Forrest won a Championship with the Green Bay Packers in 1944 under coach Lambeau.
McPherson had two brothers that played pro football: Elmer out of UCLA and then pro for the New York Giants and Corwin played for the Hollywood Bears. Forrest had two children Forrest Lee McPherson and Diana Lee Rodriguez and he was married two times to Marguerite and Mercedes McPherson.

</doc>
<doc id="20264297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264297" title="Papyrus 116">
Papyrus 116

Papyrus 116 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_1116, is a copy of part of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Letter to the Hebrews. The surviving text of Hebrews are verses 2:9-11; 3:3-6. They are in a fragmentary condition. The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned by the INTF to the 6th century (or 7th century).
The text of the codex was edited by A. Papathomas in 2000.
The Greek text of this codex is too small to determine its textual character. 
The codex currently is housed at the Austrian National Library (Pap. G. 42417) at Vienna. The fragments are also commonly referred to as P. Vindob. G 42417.

</doc>
<doc id="20264308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264308" title="Bryant Burns">
Bryant Burns

Bryant Robert Burns (born 24 March 1929) is a former Australian politician. Born in Rockhampton, Queensland, he was a stockman and boilermaker and then an official with the Amalgamated Metal Workers' Union. In 1987, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Queensland. He remained a Senator until his retirement in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20264309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264309" title="Triple Crown College Baseball League">
Triple Crown College Baseball League

The Triple Crown College Baseball League (TCCBL) is a wood bat collegiate summer baseball league based in Fort Collins, Colorado. The TCCBL was founded in 2007 by Triple Crown Sports, a sports event marketing company also based out of Fort Collins, Colorado. Dave King, owner of Triple Crown Sports, was instrumental in founding the league. The league consists of players from all levels of collegiate baseball, from NCAA Division I to NAIA and Junior-college players. The 2009 edition of the league will consist of five teams, the Triple Crown Renegades, Colorado Khaos, Triple Crown Bandits, Triple Crown Bulldogs, and Colorado Aliens.
Season Structure.
Teams in the league play a twenty game league schedule, two tournaments, and additional games in non-league competitions. Member teams play seven-inning games with a ten-run "mercy" rule to expedite play.

</doc>
<doc id="20264310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264310" title="Jim Messina">
Jim Messina

Jim Messina may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20264315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264315" title="Təzəkənd (near Surra), Davachi">
Təzəkənd (near Surra), Davachi

Təzəkənd is a village and municipality in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It is situated near Surra and Mollakamallı.

</doc>
<doc id="20264333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264333" title="Jim Messina (political staffer)">
Jim Messina (political staffer)

Jim Messina (born 1969) is a political adviser who was the White House Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations under President Barack Obama from 2009 to 2011 and served as the campaign manager for Obama's successful 2012 re-election campaign. He is also a strategic adviser to the UK Conservative Party.
Early life, education, and early career.
Messina was born in Denver, Colorado, and raised in Boise, Idaho. He graduated from Boise High School in Boise, Idaho in 1988 and earned his B.A. in political science from the University of Montana in 1993. In 1993, as a college senior, Messina managed Democratic Mayor Dan Kemmis's successful re-election bid for Mayor of Missoula, Montana.
Political career.
1990s.
In 1995, Messina was hired by Democratic U.S. Senator Max Baucus of Montana. They describe their relationship as father-son-like. In 1999, he became Chief of Staff to Democratic U.S. Congressman Carolyn McCarthy of New York.
2000s.
In 2002, he ran Baucus's 2002 re-election campaign. Messina "refused to let Baucus attend any debate that didn’t include a third-party candidate whose skin had turned blue from drinking an anti-infection solution, a distraction to help take attention away from the credible Republican candidate." Messina was purportedly responsible for creating an infamously homophobic television ad for Baucus.
He then became Chief of Staff to U.S. Senator Byron Dorgan of North Dakota, from 2002 to 2004. In 2004, he made $80,510 and in 2005 made $128,936
In 2005, he re-united with Baucus and became his Chief of Staff. Messina was integral in devising the Democratic strategy that prevented the allowance of private accounts within Social Security.
Messina has also been involved with other political campaigns from Alaska to New York, including serving as an advisor to Montana State Senator Jon Tester's successful election in 2006.
Messina became President Obama's White House Deputy Chief of Staff and earned the nickname "the fixer." Dan Pfeiffer calls Messina “the most powerful person in Washington that you haven’t heard of.” He also said that Messina and Rahm Emanuel had a "crazy relationship" and explained that “You’d be in a meeting, and Rahm would bark out that something needed to be done;. Jim would disappear from Rahm’s office, pop through the door a few minutes later and say, ‘Got it!’ or ‘Got him!’”
2010s.
Messina was Obama's campaign manager during the 2012 Presidential Election. In January 2013, Messina became head of Organizing for Action (OFA), using the Obama For America database and other resources to support President Obama's legislative agenda in his second term. While OFA was formed in 2009 by the President-elect, it was reformed as a political-action non-profit group in January, 2013.
Messina was hired as a campaign strategy adviser to the British Conservative Party in August 2013. Messina will operate from the US during the 2015 general election campaign. In a statement, Messina also added his personal admiration for Prime Minister David Cameron.

</doc>
<doc id="20264342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264342" title="Liman, Davachi">
Liman, Davachi

Liman is a village in the municipality of Xəlilli in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20264344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264344" title="Rank insignia of the Iranian military">
Rank insignia of the Iranian military

Iranian Armed Force divided into two forces:
I.R.I Army divided into four forces:
Description of rank meanings and insignias.
The following is a description of Iranian military ranks and their insignias:

</doc>
<doc id="20264346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264346" title="Ian Sarfas">
Ian Sarfas

Ian Sarfas is a retired English darts player.
Sarfas played in the 1994 BDO World Darts Championship, beating Dave Askew in the first round before losing to Denmark's Troels Rusel in the second round. Sarfas previously reached the quarter-finals of the 1993 British Open.

</doc>
<doc id="20264357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264357" title="Blue Gap Boy'z">
Blue Gap Boy'z

"Blue Gap Boy'z" is a 2008 independent comedy film written and directed by Holt Hamilton. "Blue Gap Boy'z" was filmed primarily in Phoenix, Arizona, as well as on the Navajo Nation in Blue Gap, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="20264358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264358" title="Mumlu">
Mumlu

Mumlu is a village in the municipality of Dağ Bilici in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20264372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264372" title="Bilici Qorqan">
Bilici Qorqan

Bilici Qorqan (also, Bilici-Qorğan) is a village in the municipality of Qorqan in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20264388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264388" title="Üzümlü, Azerbaijan">
Üzümlü, Azerbaijan

Üzümlü is a village in the municipality of Əmirxanlı in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20264395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264395" title="Dəhnə, Davachi">
Dəhnə, Davachi

Dəhnə is a village in the municipality of Çuxurəzəmi in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20264398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264398" title="Agriculture in the United Kingdom">
Agriculture in the United Kingdom

Agriculture in the United Kingdom uses around 70% of the country's land area and contributes about 0.7% of its gross value added. The UK produces less than 60% of the food it eats. Despite skilled farmers, high technology, fertile soil and subsidies, which primarily come from the European Union (EU), farm earnings are relatively low, mainly due to low prices at the farm gate. With each generation, fewer young people can afford the rising capital cost of entry into farming and more are discouraged by low earnings. The average age of the British farm holder is now 59.
Recently there have been moves towards organic farming in an attempt to sustain profits, and many farmers supplement their income by diversifying activities away from pure agriculture. Biofuels present new opportunities for farmers against a background of rising fears about fossil fuel prices, energy security, energy sustainability, and climate change. There is increasing awareness that farmers have an important role to play as custodians of the British countryside and wildlife.
The high cost of entry into farming presents a significant barrier. Land prices in the United Kingdom are high. Local authorities recognise this and some offer smallholdings intended to allow those with skill or training but little capital to set up as tenant farmers. Nevertheless, this provision is shrinking and there is an increasing shortage of farmland to let.
Overview.
The total area of agricultural holdings is about 17.1 million hectares (43 million acres), or 18.3 million including rough grazing land, of which 6.2 million hectares (15.3 million acres) are arable. During the growing season about half the arable area is devoted to cereal crops, and of the cereal crop area, more than 65% is wheat. There are about 31 million sheep, 10 million cattle, 9.6 million poultry and 4.5 million pigs. These are arranged on almost 327,000 holdings, on which the average cultivable area is around each. About 70% of farms are owner-occupied or mostly so (perhaps with individual barns or fields let out), and the remainder are rented to tenant farmers. Farmers represent an ageing population, partly due to low earnings and barriers to entry, and it is increasingly hard to recruit young people into farming. The average farm holder is now 59 years old.
British farming is intensive and highly mechanised, but the country is so heavily populated that it cannot supply its own food needs. The UK produces only 59% of the food it consumes. In 2010, it exported £14 billion worth of food, feed and drink, and imported £32.5 billion. The vast majority of imports and exports are with other Western European countries.
Farming is subsidised, with subsidies to farmers totalling £3.19 billion (after deduction of levies) paid in 2010. These mostly originate from the EU Common Agricultural Policy. The UK receives the fifth largest agricultural subsidy in the EU, with 7% of the subsidy, after France (17%), Spain (13%), Germany (12%), and Italy (10%). There is downward pressure on the subsidies and on 19 November 2010, the EU announced a reform starting in 2013. At the Agriculture in the United Kingdom Seminar 2010, it was thought that subsidies will decrease over time, and that the number of farms and the number of farmers will continue to decline, while the derivatives and futures markets will become more important to farming. Output volume rose by 1.9% in 2010 compared to 2009, productivity increased by 1.6%, and direct subsidies fell by 12%. Since 1973, productivity has grown by 49%, output volumes have increased by 25% and input volumes have fallen by 16%.
Regional variations.
While there is little difference between farming practice in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland in places where the terrain is similar, the geography and the quality of the farmland does have an impact. In Wales, 80% of the farmland is designated "Less Favoured Area", and in Scotland the figure is 84%. "Less Favoured Area" means land that produces a lower agricultural yield, typically upland moors and hill farms, which explains the tendency to focus on sheep and sometimes dairy farming. In England, the eastern and southern areas where the fields are flatter, larger and more open tend to concentrate on cereal crops, while the hillier northern and western areas with smaller, more enclosed fields tend to concentrate on livestock farming.
History.
Before 1500.
The Saxons and the Vikings had open field farming systems. Under the Normans and Plantagenets fens were drained, woods cleared and farmland expanded to feed a rising population, until the Black Death reached Britain in 1349. This and subsequent epidemics caused the population to fall; one-third of the population in England died of the plague between 1349-50. In consequence, areas of farmland were abandoned. The feudal system began to break down as labourers, who were in short supply following the plague, demanded wages (instead of subsistence) and better conditions. Also, there were a series of poor harvests after about 1315, coinciding with some evidence (from tree rings) of poor weather across the whole of northern Europe, which continued on and off until about 1375. The population did not recover to 1300 levels for two or three hundred years.
1500 to 1750.
When King Henry VIII caused himself to be made Supreme Head of the Church of England in 1531, he set about the dissolution of the Monasteries, which was largely complete by 1540. The monasteries had been among the principal landowners in the Kingdom and the Crown took over their land, amounting to about . This land was largely sold off to fund Henry's military ambitions in France and Scotland, and the main buyers were the aristocracy and landed gentry. Agriculture boomed as grain prices increased sixfold by 1650. Improvements in transport, particularly along rivers and coasts, brought beef and dairy products from the north of England to London.
The Kingdom of Great Britain was created on 1 May 1707, as a result of the Acts of Union putting into effect the terms of the Treaty of Union. At this time, Jethro Tull, a Berkshire farmer, had recently invented his famous rotating-cylinder seed drill. His 1731 book, "The New Horse Hoeing Husbandry", explained the systems and devices he espoused to improve agriculture. The book had such an impact that its influence can still be seen in some aspects of modern farming. Charles Townsend, a viscount known as "Turnip Townsend", retired from Parliament in 1730 and in the years between then and his death in 1738, introduced turnip farming on a large scale. This created four-crop rotation (wheat, turnips, barley and clover) which allowed fertility to be maintained with much less fallow land. Clover and turnips not only introduce nitrides into the soil, but are also good fodder crops for livestock, which in turn improve the soil again by their manure.
1750 to 1850.
Between 1750 and 1850, the English population nearly tripled, with an estimated increase from 5.7 million to 16.6 million, and all these people had to be fed from the domestic food supply. This was achieved through intensified agriculture and land reclamation from the Fens, woodlands, and upland pastures. The crop mix changed too, with wheat and rye replacing barley. Nitrogen fixing plants such as legumes led to sustainable increased yields. These increased yields, combined with improved farming machinery and then-new capitalist ways of organising labour, meant that increased crop production did not need much more manpower, which freed labour for non-agricultural work. Indeed, by 1850 Britain had the smallest proportion of its population engaged in farming of any country in the world, at 22%.
This period included a twenty-year depression in agriculture that started with the end of the Napoleonic Wars and lasted until 1836. This depression was so severe that landlords as well as tenants suffered financial ruin, and large areas of farmland were entirely abandoned. This showed the problems of the ancient landlord and tenant system in running new-style, capital-intensive farms, and it caused concern in Parliament. The system began to improve, for example by distinguishing between farm improvements that the tenant should fund, and those the landlord should fund.
From the end of the depression in 1836 until Parliament repealed the Corn Laws in 1846, agriculture flourished. The repeal of the Corn Laws steadied prices, though agriculture remained prosperous. At that time, Parliament was concerned with the issue of tenant right, i.e. the sum payable to an outgoing tenant for farm improvements that the tenant had funded and, if crops were in the ground when the tenant left, compensation for their value. This was down to local custom which might vary from place to place. In 1848 a parliamentary committee examined the possibility of a standardised system, but a Bill on the matter was not passed until 1875.
1850 to 1939.
The American Civil War ended in 1865, and by 1875, with new steam-powered railways and ships, the United States was exporting a substantial excess of cereals. At the same time, Britain suffered a series of poor harvests. By 1891 reliable refrigeration technology brought cheap frozen meat from Australia, New Zealand and South America to the British market, and Parliament felt it had to intervene to support British farming. The Agricultural Holdings (England) Act 1875 revamped the law on tenant right such that tenants received consistent levels of compensation for the value of their improvements to the holding and any crops in the ground. It also gave tenants the right to remove fixtures they had provided, increased the period of a Notice to Quit from six months to twelve, and brought in an agricultural dispute resolution procedure.
Some Landlords reacted to the 1875 Act by refusing to let land on a tenancy, instead contracting out the labour to contract farmers. Parliament responded with the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act 1883, which prevented contracting out on terms less favourable than a normal tenancy. Subsequent Agricultural Holdings Acts in 1900 and 1906 further refined the dispute resolution procedure; required landlords to compensate tenants for their damaged crops if the damage was caused by game that the landlord did not allow tenants to kill; allowed tenants to choose for themselves what crops to grow, except in the last year of the tenancy; and prevented penal rents being charged except in special circumstances. The mass of legislation was consolidated in another Act of 1908. Further Agricultural Holdings Acts came into force in 1914, two in 1920, and a further consolidating Act in 1923.
Invented in around 1885, the digging plough is a plough with a wider share, which cuts a wider shallower furrow, after which the slice of soil is inverted by a short concave mould-board with a sharp turn. This has the effect of breaking up and pulverising the soil, leaving no visible furrow and facilitating the use of a seed drill for planting. Earlier ploughs were simply large hoes for stirring the soil, drawn by animals, that left furrows suitable for distribution of seed by hand.
The Board of Agriculture was established by Act of Parliament in 1889. Although rationing during the First World War was limited to the end of 1917 and 1918, a change of mood arose about food security, and the Ministry of Food was created in 1916. There was a national feeling that a man who had fought for his country should be entitled to retire to a smallholding on British land that would provide him with a livelihood. This led to various initiatives, collectively called Homes for Heroes. By 1926 agricultural law had become openly redistributive in favour of ex-servicemen. County Councils had compulsory purchase powers to requisition land they could let as smallholdings. Ex-servicemen were the preferred tenants. The tenant could then buy the land and could ask the Council to lend them money to fund the purchase as a mortgage. The Council could not refuse without the Minister of Agriculture's permission.
In 1919 the Board of Agriculture and the Ministry of Food were merged to form the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, which later became the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food (MAFF). MAFF was in turn the predecessor of DEFRA.
1939 to 1945.
Before the Second World War started, Britain imported 55 million tons of food a year. By the end of 1939, this had dropped to 12 million, and food rationing was introduced at the start of 1940. It did not completely end until July 1954. The government tried to encourage people to grow their own food in victory gardens, and householders were encouraged to keep rabbits and chickens for the table. Because so many men had been conscripted into the army, women were drafted in to work the land; they were called the Women's Land Army, or less formally, "land girls".
Famously, the Government responded to a temporary wartime oversupply of carrots by suggesting that the RAF's exceptional night-flying was due to eating carotene. The ruse worked: consumption of carrots increased sharply because people thought carrots might help them see in the blackout, thus taking the pressure off other food supplies. But with so much of the agricultural labour force fighting, pressure on food supplies worldwide increased throughout the war. Her Majesty's government estimated that in 1945 world meat consumption would exceed supply by 1.8 million tons and that only wheat would be "available in abundance". The Prime Minister suggested that if necessary, food supplies could take priority over supplies for the military, and considered the possibility of famine in the occupied territories after the war.
1945 to present.
The Agriculture Act 1947 broadly revamped agricultural law. It was a reaction to the privations of the Second World War, and was aimed at food security, so as to reduce the risk of a hostile foreign power being able to starve the UK into submission. The Act guaranteed prices, markets and tenure, so that a farmer could be assured that his land would not be taken away and whatever he grew would be sold at a known price. Yet another consolidating Agricultural Holdings Act followed it in 1948. These Acts made it harder to evict tenant farmers. With the new security tenants enjoyed, a system of rent reviews was necessary to take account of land price inflation. There were many other changes in the law, and each of these Acts needed negotiations between the Ministry of Agriculture and the National Farmers Union (NFU) to fix the support price to be paid for each agricultural product. They were enacted in a series of Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Acts in 1949, 1954, 1963, 1968 and 1972.
The Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1976 was another far-reaching revamp of the law. At the time it was passed, the Lib-Lab Pact of 1976 needed Plaid Cymru's support in Parliament, and the provisions of this Act were part of Plaid Cymru's price for their vote. This Act allowed for succession of agricultural tenancies, so on a farmer's death, a relative with relevant skills or experience and no holding of his own could inherit the tenancy. This was limited to two generations of tenant.
On government instructions, the Northfield Committee began to review the country's agricultural system in 1977. It did not report until July 1979, by which time Margaret Thatcher's administration held power. The report influenced ongoing discussions between the NFU and the Country Landowners Association (CLA), who were trying to reach an agreement on new Agricultural Holdings legislation that could be presented to Parliament as having industry-wide support. This was agreed in 1984, but the two sides had not been able to agree a fundamental change to the security of tenure legislation. It did change the succession rules for existing tenancies such that a farmer might pass on his tenancy on retirement as well as on death—but no new tenancies from 1984 were to include succession rights.
By this time the then European Economic Community (now the European Community)'s Common Agricultural Policy and the value of the green pound was having a direct impact on farming. The Agriculture Act 1986 was concerned with the value of the milk quota attached to land, and particularly how it ought to be shared between landlord and tenant. Nowadays, milk quotas are worth less, but other subsidies (largely rolled up into Single Payments) still need to be divided between the parties.
Politics and education.
The National Farmers Union.
The National Farmers Union (NFU) was begun by a group of nine Lincolnshire farmers and, as the "Lincolnshire Farmers Union", held its first meeting in 1904. By 1908 they were called the National Farmers Union and were meeting in London. During the Second World War, the NFU worked hand in glove with the Ministry of Agriculture to ensure food security. Rationing continued after the war and it is a measure of the NFU's influence at that time that, when the Agriculture Act 1947 committed the government to undertake a national review of the industry every year in consultation with the NFU.
The close relationship between the NFU and the MAFF continued until New Labour reformed the MAFF into Defra in 2001, and indeed the MAFF was sometimes (if unfairly) called the "NFU's political wing". Defra is seen as more independent, although the NFU does remain a powerful and effective lobbying body that wields considerable influence in proportion to the industry's economic value.
Agricultural colleges.
By the latter half of the nineteenth century, as farming grew more complex and methodical and as productivity increased, there was a dawning recognition that farmers needed agricultural education. The Royal Agricultural University, which was the first agricultural college in the English-speaking world, opened as the Royal Agricultural College in 1845. It was granted its royal charter shortly after its founding. Thanks to government financial support for agricultural education in the 1890s, the Royal Agricultural College was followed by Writtle College in 1893 and Harper Adams University College in 1901. Meanwhile the West of Scotland Agricultural College formed in 1899, the East of Scotland Agricultural College in 1901, and the North of Scotland Agricultural College in 1904; these colleges amalgamated to form the Scottish Agricultural College in 1990.
Economics.
Total income from farming in the United Kingdom was £5.69 billion in 2011, representing about 0.7% of the British national value added in that year. This is an increase of 25% in real terms on 2010, which was a historic low. Earnings were £30,900 per full-time person in 2011, which represented an increase of 24% from 2010 values in real terms. This was the best performance in UK agriculture since the 1990s. Agriculture employs 466,000 people, representing 1.52% of the workforce, down more than 32% since 1996. In terms of gross value added in 2009, 83% of the UK's agricultural income originated from England, 9% from Scotland, 4% from Northern Ireland and 3% from Wales.
In Quotes
Most farmers of beef cattle or sheep made another net loss in the year to April 2010. Production, veterinary, bedding, property, power and machinery costs all underwent double-digit rises in percentage terms, meaning that the losses in the year to April 2010 increased over last year's losses by over £30/animal. However, wheat exports were much stronger than the previous year.
The UK's egg-laying flock is in decline. It fell by 5.5% in one year from June 1999 to May 2000. In 1971, there were 125,258 farms with egg-laying hens and by 1999 this was down to 26,500.
Land.
The agricultural area used is 17.2 million hectares, about 70% of the land area of the United Kingdom. 36% of the agricultural land is croppable (arable), or 25% of the total land area; most of the rest being grassland, rough grazing, or woodland.
Soil is a complex mix of mineral and organic components, produced when rock is weathered and acted on by living organisms. Most British soils are 2% to 5% organic and 95% to 98% mineral, but soils such as peat may contain up to 50% organic matter. In the British Isles as far south as the Thames Valley, the soil has been heavily glaciated, which not only ground down the rock but redistributed the resulting matter. As a result, most British soils date from the last Ice Age and are comparatively young, but in level areas and particularly south of the Thames Valley, there are much older soils.
Many British soils are quite acidic, and a large proportion of British farm land needs repeated applications of alkalines (traditionally lime) to remain fertile. Nitrites are soluble, so rain rapidly carries them away. Acid rain increases soil acidity, but even normal rain tends to be slightly acid, increasing the natural acidity of British soil. Rainfall in Britain exceeds the rate of evaporation. This means that in freely drained areas, soil base material is washed away, which leads to a higher concentration of organic acids in the ground. This relatively high soil acidity is one of the factors that lead to liming. Lime tends to counteract soil acidity, and with fine particulate soils such as clays, also encourages the formation of a better soil crumb structure that will aerate and help with drainage. Its benefits have been known, if not scientifically understood, since Roman times.
Soffe (2003) summarises the acidity of British soils as follows:-
Owing to high rainfall in the UK, less freely drained areas tend to become waterlogged. Wet land may be unable to bear a tractor's weight, and drainage makes soil lighter and more easily worked, improves crops' ability to absorb food because there is more root surface area, stimulates helpful micro-organisms and allows accumulated poisons to be carried away. In Britain field drains are traditionally open ditches, but increasingly, covered pipes have been used in more modern times. Earthworms are important for creating small drainage channels in the soil and helping to move soil particles.
No appreciable plant growth takes place at temperatures below 4°C. The growth rate increases as temperature rises, up to a maximum limit which is of no relevance to the British Isles. Dark soils tend to absorb more heat, and are therefore preferred.
As crops grow, they absorb nutrients from the soil, so land fertility degrades over time. However, if organic matter poor in nitrogen but rich in carbohydrate is added to the soil, nitrogen is assimilated and fixed. Fertility increases while land is under grass, which helps to accumulate organic matter in the soil. These factors mean that soil is traditionally improved by means of liming, draining, and allowing to lie fallow. It is traditionally fertilised with manure, nitrogen, phosphates, and potash.
Manure, nitrogen and Nitrate Vulnerable Zones (NVZ).
170 million tonnes of animal excreta is produced annually in the UK. This slurry can pollute watercourses, draining them of oxygen, can contain pathogenic microorganisms such as salmonella, and creates an odour that causes complaints. Pigs and poultry in particular, which tend to be produced intensively on large holdings with a relatively small land area for the number of animals, create manure that increasingly tends to be processed, either by removing the liquid component and transporting it away, or by composting it, or more recently, by anaerobic digestion to produce methane which is later converted to electricity. In 2011, an increase in the feed in tariff for small-scale biogas production from anaerobic digestion has made this last option more economic.
Farmyard manure is among the best all-round soil fertilisers. Urine contains about half the nitrogen and most of the potash that an animal voids, but tends to drain away, making it both the richest and the most easily lost element of manure. Dung contains the other half of the nitrogen and most of the phosphoric acid and lime. With dung, much of the nitrogen is lost in storage or locked up in slowly released forms, so greater quantities are necessary compared to artificial fertilisers. Manure is most effective when ploughed into the fields while it is still fresh, but this is not practical while crops are growing and in practice, most manure is stored and then applied in winter, or else added in ridges for root crops.
Leguminous plants such as peas, beans or lucerne live in a symbiotic relationship with certain bacteria that produce nodules on their roots. The bacteria extract nitrogen from the air and convert it to nitrogenating compounds that benefit the legume. When the legume dies or is harvested, its rotting roots nitrogenate the soil. Nitrogen stimulates plant growth, but overapplication softens the plant tissues, makes them more vulnerable to pests and disease, and reduces resistance to frost. It may be added by nitrogen-fixing crops, but many farmers prefer artificial fertilisers, which are quicker. The negative side-effects of adding nitrogen are mitigated by phosphates.
Nitrogen from soil gets into the water, and can be hazardous to human health. EC Directive 80/778/EEC and 91/676/EEC both mention a ceiling acceptable level of nitrates of 50 mg/litre, which is also the level recommended by the World Health Organisation. In several places in Britain, particularly in the midlands and the south-east, nitrate concentrations occasionally exceed this level and the government has brought in regulations to control nitrate levels in the water. The regulations governing designated Nitrate Vulnerable Zones (NVZ) aim to protect ground and surface water from contamination with nitrates and manure. The Nitrates Directive was reviewed and expanded in 2008, and with the 2008 expansion, from 1 January 2009 around 68% of English farmland, 14% of Scottish farmland and 4% of Welsh farmland is within a NVZ. The NVZ rules control at what time of year farmers may apply nitrogen or manure to the land and oblige them to keep strict records of nitrogen-containing substances used. They also regulate slurry and manure storage.
Phosphates and potash.
Phosphates are substances that contain phosphorus, which stimulates root development in young plants and is therefore particularly valuable for root crops. It also increases yields and speeds up plant growth generally. Phosphates are not easily lost from soil, but they mostly occur in very stable forms that are not liberated quickly enough by natural processes, so fertilisation is necessary. Traditionally, phosphate-bearing materials added to soil include bonemeal, powdered slag, and seaweed.
Potashes are substances that contain potassium which promotes disease resistance and helps to build starches and sugars. Plants tend to absorb potash during early stages of growth, and potash tends to reduce the problems caused by applying nitrogen. It also increases the weight of an individual cereal grain. Traditional potash sources included applying ash to the land and ploughing in crop residues after the harvest. Artificial potash fertilisers were not used until deposits of potash salts were discovered in Germany in 1861.
Arable farming.
Arable farming is the production of crops. Crop growth is affected by light, soil, nutrients, water, air, and climate. Crops commonly grown in the United Kingdom include cereals, chiefly wheat, oats and barley; root vegetables, chiefly potatoes and sugar beet; pulse crops such as beans or peas; forage crops such as cabbages, vetches, rape and kale; fruit, particularly apples and pears; and hay for animal feed. From 1992 until 2004, or 2006 for organic farms, there were subsidies for not growing any crops at all. This was called set-aside and resulted from EEC farming policies. From 2007 onwards, set aside subsidies in the UK were withdrawn.
Seeds may be sown in spring, summer or autumn. Spring-sown crops are vulnerable to drought in May or June. Autumn sowing is usually restricted to frost-hardy types of bean, vetch, or cereal such as winter wheat. Traditional sowing techniques include broadcasting, dibbling, drilling, and ploughing in. Drilling is normally the most economical technique where conditions are dry enough.
Production statistics.
In 2009, of cereal crops were sown in the UK. There were of oil seed rape, of peas and beans, of potatoes, and of sugar beet. Winter crops tend to be planted around mid-September, and spring crops as soon as the soil is ready. Each year the country produces about 6.5 million tonnes of barley, of which 1.5 million are exported, 2 million used in brewing and distilling activities and the remainder fed to livestock. The country also produces 14 to 15 million tons of wheat each year, of which farmers kept 3.9 million tonnes as stock in February 2012. In 2008, 750,000 tonnes of oats were produced, in 2011-2012 613,000.
In 2009 1.9 million tonnes of barley and 747,000 tonnes of wheat were produced in Scotland.
During 1999-2003 production of barley ranged from 6,128,000 - 7,456,000, wheat from 11,580,000 to 16,704,000 and oats from 491,000 to 753,000.
Consumption.
Consumption of oats by the human population compared with livestock is proportionally higher in the U.K. than in European countries, 455,000 tonnes as forecast by farm officials during 2012; with 163,000 tonnes fed to livestock during 2011-2012.
From 2002-2003, of the cereals grown, 31% of barley, 36% of oats and 34% of wheat were used for human consumption.
Methods.
Ploughing is not always regarded as essential nowadays, but the plough can improve soil by inverting it to improve soil aeration and drainage, release plant food through weathering, and expose harmful pests to predators. It is also an effective method of weed control. Ploughing depth in Britain varies between 5–6 inches in some limestone regions to up to 18 inches in deep stoneless silt land. Most British ploughs are designed to turn a furrow of up to about a foot deep, which is relatively shallow compared to some other countries, where furrows of up to 16 inches are common. Other machines used to prepare land include "cultivators" (to break up land too heavy for a normal plough), "harrows" (to level the surface of ploughed land), "rolls" or "rollers" (used for firming the soil), "sprayers" and "dusters" (used to spread herbicides, fungicides, insecticides and fertilisers).
Reaping is the process of harvesting a crop. Traditionally reaping was done with the scythe and reaping hook, but in Britain these have been entirely superseded by machinery. Combine harvesters, so called because they both harvest and thresh the crop, are common. Other machines used include mowers, reapers, binders, harvesters, pea cutters and flax pullers. Once reaped, some crops are brought directly to market. Others need to be threshed to separate the cash crop from the straw and chaff. Wheat, oats, barley, beans and some kinds of small seed (e.g. clover) typically need to be threshed.
Since the Second World War, scientific and technical progress and the removal of tenancy-based restrictions on choice of crop have given British arable farmers a great deal more freedom to plan cropping sequences. Strict crop rotation is no longer technically necessary or even financially desirable. Factors that influence crop sequences include the soil type, weather, the price and availability of labour and power, market outlets, and technical considerations about maintaining soil fertility and crop health. For example, some vigorous crops such as kale or arable silage will, when liberally fertilised, tend to outgrow and smother weeds. Many pests and diseases are crop-specific and the more often a particular crop is taken, the greater the buildup of pests and diseases that attack it. The farmer will therefore try to design a sequence to sustain high yields, permit adequate weed control, service market needs, and keep the soil free from diseases and pests.
Diseases.
Most diseases of crop plants result from fungus spores that may live in the soil and enter through roots, be airborne and enter the plant through damaged areas or landing on leaf surfaces, or are spread by pests. These spores tend to affect photosynthesis and reduce chlorophyll. They often make plants look yellow and affect growth and marketability of the crop. They are most commonly treated with fungicides, and may be called mildews, rusts, blotches, scabs, wilts, rots or blights. European Union regulations on pesticides are changing, and several important pesticides currently in use will no longer be available. This has potentially quite serious implications for British agriculture.
Two of the most serious diseases currently affecting crop plants are colony collapse disorder (CCD), a somewhat mysterious effect that is wiping out honeybee colonies worldwide, and "varroa destructor", a parasitic mite that also affects honeybees and may be a contributor to CCD. Honeybees pollinate 80% of plants worldwide. In 2007, up to 80% of the bee colonies in some areas were wiped out. Honeybees pollinate crops worth about £200 million a year, and their total contribution to the economy may be as high as £1 billion.
Weeds.
Historically weed control was by hand-pulling of weeds, often during "fallowing" (which means leaving the land to carry no crop for a season, during which time the weeds can be found and removed). In 1896 it was found that a copper sulphate solution would kill broad-leaved weeds without seriously damaging young cereal plants. Other chemical weedkillers were soon discovered and now common chemical weedkiller ingredients include sodium chlorate, copper chloride, sulphuric acid, dinitroorthocresol and dinitrobutylphenol. Hormone-based weedkillers are used to kill weeds more selectively. Although most weeds are vulnerable to at least one of these substances, eradicating all the weeds from a particular area will usually need several different weedkillers. The use of pesticides has declined, and British farmers now use about a third less pesticides than they did in 1983. The crop needing most pesticides is wheat.
Table of important crop weeds
Pests.
A pest is an animal that eats or spoils food meant for humans. Pests damage crops by removing leaf area, severing roots, or simply gross damage. In the UK, they comprise invertebrates (chiefly nematodes, slugs and insects or insect larvae), mammals (particularly rabbits) and birds (mainly members of the pigeon family). The damage caused by crop pests is considerable. For example, potato cyst nematodes cause over £50 million damage a year in the UK.
Table of important crop pests
Pastoral farming.
Pastoral farming is the breeding of livestock for meat, wool, eggs and milk, and historically (in the UK) for labour. Livestock products are the main element of the UK's agricultural output. The most common meat animals in the United Kingdom are cattle, pigs, sheep and poultry. Overwhelmingly, British wool comes from sheep, with only a few goats or alpacas bred for exotic wools such as cashmere or angora. The vast majority of milk comes from cattle, and eggs from chickens.
Most British farm animals are bred for a particular purpose, so for example, there is a sharp division between cattle bred for the beef trade—early-maturing cattle are best to increase yield, and those that store fat marbled within the muscle rather than as layers outside are preferred for the flavour—and those bred for dairy, where animals with a high milk yield are strongly preferred. Nevertheless, because dairy cattle must calve to produce milk, much of the British beef output is from surplus dairy herd calves.
Cattle farming.
There are about 17,000 dairy farms in the UK, largely in the west. Average herd size is 86 cows in England, 75 in Wales and 102 in Scotland. Most cows are milked twice a day, and an average dairy cow yields 6,300 litres a year. The most important dairy cattle breed is the ubiquitous British Friesian, which has largely replaced the Dairy Shorthorn in British dairy herds thanks both to its high milk yield and the relatively high quality of the beef it produces.
The UK once produced roughly as much beef as it ate, but this changed in 1996 because of bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE). The BSE crisis led to regulations preventing animals more than 30 months old from entering the food chain, which meant cull cows could no longer be sold for beef. Just under 6 million cattle over this age were destroyed. A Calf Purchase Aid Scheme, under which a further nearly 2 million calves were slaughtered, ended in 1999. In 2002, the UK produced 72% of the beef it ate. Important beef cattle breeds include the Hereford, which is the most popular British beef breed, and the Aberdeen Angus. The once-widespread Beef Shorthorn is now a relatively uncommon sight.
Cows require significant areas of grassland to raise. Dairy cows need 0.4 to 0.5 hectares per cow, including the area needed for winter silage; suckler beef cows can need up to a whole hectare each. The UK produces very little veal, and UK law requires that animals are kept in daylight in groups with bedding and access to hay, silage or straw. This produces "pink" veal which grows more slowly and is less desirable to the continental customer.
Sheep farming.
Over 41,000 farms in the UK produce sheep, but more than half of breeding ewes are on hill or upland farms suitable for little else. National Parks and heather moors such as the Lake District, the Pennines and Snowdonia in Wales are dominated by sheep farms, as are the Scottish Highlands. In the lowlands, pockets of sheep farms remain. Romney Marsh (which gave its name to the Romney sheep) and The Downs in Kent are famous for their sheep. Sheep farming in Wales encompasses both upland and lowland areas.
The number of sheep farmed in the UK peaked in 1998 at 20.3 million, as a result of the Sheepmeat Regime, a relatively generous EU support initiative first begun in 1980. Numbers declined following the 2001 outbreak of foot and mouth, and the UK temporarily lost its place as Europe's largest producer of lamb, although this was recovered later. (Although it is Europe's largest producer, the UK is nevertheless a net importer of lamb, often from New Zealand.)
Nowadays many ewes are housed indoors for lambing, which costs more but facilitates earlier lambing with lower mortality and replacement rates. It also rests and protects the grassland, leading to better early growth and higher stocking rates. Sheep are also important in helping to manage the landscape. Their trampling hinders bracken spread and prevents heather moor from reverting to scrub woodland. Wool production is no longer important in the UK, and nowadays, sheared fleeces are often treated as a waste product.
Pig farming.
About 4,600 farms produce pigs, and the UK is 90% self-sufficient in pork, but only about 40% self-sufficient in bacon and ham, which reflects a traditional British preference for these cuts. Nowadays many pig farms in the UK breed intensively-farmed hybrids of types like the large white, British Landrace, Welsh or British Saddleback, and formerly-popular breeds like the Cumberland and small white are extinct. Wild Boar are sometimes farmed. They are presently covered under the Dangerous Wild Animals Act 1976 and farmers need permission from their local authority to keep them.
The UK pig herd is declining, and there are now some individual pig farms in the US that have more sows than there are in the UK as a whole. Pigs often used to be kept indoors throughout their lives, but welfare concerns and increased costs have led to more outdoor units, and by 2002 30% of sows were outdoors. In many countries sows are kept tethered in individual stalls, but this system was banned in the UK in 1999 on animal welfare grounds. Indoor sows are housed in groups. Each sow produces an average of 24 piglets a year and will be pregnant or lactating for 340 days a year. This intensive production wears the sows out and about 40% of them need to be replaced each year.
A major byproduct of pig production is slurry. One sow and her piglets can produce ten tonnes of slurry a year. Because regulations limit how much slurry can be loaded onto a given area of land, this means that each sow with her progeny will manure at least 0.8 hectares. This is a problem because pig manure is mildly toxic, owing to the use of copper as a growth enhancer.
Other livestock.
The UK has about 73,000 goats, mostly as milk producers; this number is relatively small by EU standards. Venison production in the UK is mainly from red deer, with a few fallow deer as well, but there are only about 300 venison-producing farms. As noted above, there are about 26,500 farms with chickens. However, more than half the UK's eggs come from fewer than 400 flocks, mostly with more than 50,000 birds each. Other livestock farmed on a smaller scale includes game birds, ducks, geese, turkeys, ostriches, rabbits and hares.
Livestock movement and record-keeping.
Farmers wanting to move their livestock outside their own farms must obey the Disease Control (England) Order 2003, the Disease Control (Wales) Order 2003 or the Disease Control (Interim Measures) (Scotland) Order 2002, as applicable. This means a farmer needs a licence from the Local Authority to move livestock. There are also minimum "standstill" periods once livestock has been moved, so for example, a farmer buying new cattle and moving them onto his farm must then wait six days before taking other cattle to market. Most livestock must be identified. Each individual cow must have a "passport" issued by the British Cattle Movement Service. Other farm animals such as sheep, goats or pigs must have a herd mark.
Disease.
Designated notifiable diseases under the Diseases of Animals Act include anthrax, foot-and-mouth disease, fowl pest, bovine tuberculosis, BSE, scrapie, swine vesicular disease, Aujeszky's disease, bovine leukemia virus, rabies and warble fly. Under the Zoonoses Order conditions that can be transmitted to humans, such as brucellosis or salmonella, must also be notified.
The United Kingdom suffered outbreaks of foot-and-mouth disease in 1967 and 2001, with a less serious outbreak in 2007. There was also an outbreak of bluetongue in 2007. The most serious disease to affect British agriculture was BSE, a cattle brain disease that causes a similar disease in some humans who eat infected meat. It has killed 166 people in Britain since 1994.
A current issue is the control of bovine tuberculosis, which can also be carried by badgers. It is alleged that the badgers are infecting the cows. A scientific report for the government recommended a selective cull of badgers, which immediately met with opposition from other scientists. The government is currently consulting on this issue. As of 16 September 2011, a total of 27 online petitions had attracted 65,000 signatures opposing the plan.
Animal welfare.
Animal welfare legislation affecting UK agriculture includes the Animal Welfare Act 2006, the Welfare of Farmed Animals Regulations 2007 and the Welfare of Animals (Transport) Order 1997. The UK has a good reputation for animal welfare, and there are several codes of practice.
Animal welfare as an issue is increasingly important to the European Union. Although welfare-conscious husbandry can have economic benefits to the farmer, because a happy animal puts on weight more rapidly and will reproduce more easily, the mere fact that an animal is gaining weight or reproducing does not necessarily indicate a high level of animal welfare. Generally there is a tension between the minimum acceptable level of animal welfare for the consumer, the price of the product, and an acceptable margin for the farmer. This tension is resolved by food labelling that enables the consumer to select the price they are prepared to pay for a given level of animal welfare. So for example, some consumers prefer to buy free range eggs even where these are more expensive than eggs from battery hens. Nowadays, there are various welfare assurance schemes in response to consumer pressure.
Current issues in British agriculture.
Organic farming.
Organic farming is farming without chemical fertilisers, animal cruelty, most pesticides, genetic modification, or the routine use of drugs, antibiotics or wormers. In the United Kingdom it is supported and encouraged by the Soil Association. The Food Standards Agency says that organic food offers no additional nutritional benefits over the non-organic kind, though the Soil Association disputes this. However, there are definite benefits in terms of conservation and wildlife. In the UK as in most of northern Europe, organic crop yields can be 40%–50% lower than conventional, more intensive farming and labour use can be 10%–25% higher.
The Organic Aid Scheme came into effect in 1994, providing grants to fund farmers wishing to convert to organic farming. By the end of 1997 about had been converted under the scheme, at a cost of £750,000. In 2000 it increased to , and between 1996 and 2000, the number of organic farms increased from 865 to 3500. The global market for organic food is worth £1.2 billion a year and is increasing. The UK's share of the European organic farming market is about 10%.
Biofuel.
Biofuels are fuels derived from biomass. They can be used in their pure form to power vehicles, but most commonly they are blended with traditional fuels such as diesel. In 2003, the European Union saw biofuels as an answer to several problems: climate change, energy security and stimulating the rural economy, and agreed the Biofuels Directive to see that production was kickstarted. In 2008, the Gallagher Review expressed concern about the effects of the biofuels initiative and identified the conversion of agricultural land to biofuels production as a factor in rising food prices. The current recommended option is that farmers should use marginal or waste land to produce biofuels and maintain production of food on prime agricultural land.
The Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation ("RTFO") obliges fuel suppliers to see that a certain proportion of the fuel they sell comes from renewable sources. The target for 2009/10 is 3.25% by volume. This presents a potentially useful source of revenue for some farmers.
Biofuel crops grown in the UK include oilseed rape (which is also grown for other purposes), short-rotation coppices such as poplar or willow, and "miscanthus". Unfortunately biofuels are quite bulky for their energy yield, which means processing into fuel needs to happen near where the crop is grown; otherwise, most or all of the benefit of biofuels can be lost in transporting the biofuel to the processing area. Such local processing units are not generally available in the UK, and further expansion of this market will depend on politics and industrial finance.
Diversification.
Many farmers struggle to make ends meet from a purely agricultural income, and therefore supplement their finances through non-farming activities. This is called "diversification". Since time immemorial sporting rights over farmland, for hunting or trapping game, have had commercial value; nowadays, grouse shooting, deer stalking and fishing are important sporting activities. Fox hunting previously went on, but has been banned in the United Kingdom since February 2005.
There are a huge number of ways of diversifying. Farmland may, for example, be converted to equestrian facilities, amenity parkland, country clubs, hotels, golf courses, camping and caravan sites. Farmers open shops, restaurants and even pubs to sell their products. The Farm Diversification Benchmarking Study, which was commissioned by DEFRA and carried out by Exeter University in conjunction with the University of Plymouth, found that 65% of full-time farming businesses had diversified, but in the June census of the preceding year (2003), the estimate was 19% of full-time farming businesses. The large discrepancy is probably because the census data excluded the letting or subletting of buildings. The most common kinds of diversification are probably letting of barns as warehouses and storage, letting of former farm labourers' cottages (whether as holiday cottages or on longer leases), and farm shops. The number of farm shops in the UK increased by more than 50% between 1999 and 2003.
There is grant funding available for diversification schemes, as well as other initiatives to improve competitiveness in the farming sector, through the Rural Development Programme for England. The scheme runs until 2013, is managed through Defra and has been delivered to date through Regional Development Agencies. Expenditure on the Rural Development Programme for England will remain around £3.7 billion for the 2007–13 programme period, compared with the original planned budget of about £3.9 billion.
Custodianship.
It was first suggested that farmers could be paid for "producing countryside" in 1969, but the real beginning of positive agri-environmental policy came with the Agriculture Act 1986. The Countryside Stewardship Scheme and local equivalents were run by the Countryside Commission and the Countryside Council for Wales from 1991 until 1996, when they came under ministry control. Nowadays schemes to encourage farmers to think about wildlife conservation and to farm in an environmentally friendly way abound, though actual payments to farmers to support this are comparatively modest.
When EU subsidy regime changes in 2013, farmers will receive a greater proportion of their payments from "management of natural resources and climate action." This forms one of the three "principal objectives" of the reformed Common Agricultural Policy which is under consultation until March 2012.
Barriers to entry.
In the 1930s land with vacant possession cost an average of £60 per hectare. In 1996 it cost £8,795 per hectare. In the same period retail prices rose by a factor of 35, but agricultural land prices rose by a factor of well over 100. The most extreme change was in 1972, during which year the price per acre more than doubled. Today farming land remains scarce and much in demand, and the market is still rising even in the current recession. Thus the only option for someone who lacks capital for land purchase but wants to farm is to rent land as a tenant farmer. Rents increased by 24% in the year to 25 March 2011. The average across all farms in England, Wales and Scotland is now £70/acre, up from £57/acre; dairy farms cost £80 per acre on average, and arable farms now cost £99 per acre.
Historically tenant farmers, as peasants or villeins, had been exploited and starting in 1875, successive governments enacted legislation to protect them. This trend culminated in the Agricultural Holdings Act 1986, which consolidated and built on a century-long trend in the law. This Act was so onerous towards landlords that they were reluctant to let land. It became so hard to obtain a tenancy that the farming industry supported reform, which was enacted in the Agricultural Tenancies Act 1995. Nowadays most new tenancies in England and Wales are Farm Business Tenancies under the 1995 Act, but the 1986 Act tenancies that are still in force may allow for succession, and can sometimtes be passed down through up to two generations of tenant. The most common route of entry into farming is to succeed to a holding, whether as owner or tenant, so a person's ability to farm is often determined by their family background rather than their skills or qualifications.
County farms.
Local government authorities have powers under the Smallholdings and Allotments Act [http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/Geo5/16-17/52/contents] to buy and rent land to people who want to become farmers. Fifty County Councils and Unitary Authorities in England and Wales offer tenancies on smallholdings (called "County Farms") as an entry route into agriculture, but this provision is shrinking. Between 1984 and 2006, the amount of land available as County Farms shrank from to , a reduction of 30%. The number of tenants on these smallholdings shrank by 58% in the same period to about 2,900. County Farms yielded an operational surplus of £10.6 million to local authorities in the financial year 2008–9. Some local authorities dispose of County Farms to obtain capital receipts. Somerset County Council proposes to sell 35 of its 62 County Farms.
As of March 2009, 39% of County Farms were of or smaller, 31% of to , and 30% of or more.

</doc>
<doc id="20264404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264404" title="Covrurah">
Covrurah

Covrurah (also, Çovurah) is a village in the municipality of Çuxurəzəmi in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20264425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264425" title="Spectromorphology">
Spectromorphology

Spectromorphology is the perceived sonic footprint of a sound spectrum as it manifests in time. A descriptive spectromorphological analysis of sound is sometimes used in the analysis of electroacoustic music, especially acousmatic music. The term was coined by Denis Smalley in 1986 and is considered the most adequate English term to designate the field of sound research associated with the French writer, composer, and academic, Pierre Schaeffer. 
Schaeffer's work at INA/GRM in Paris, beginning in the late 1940s, culminated in the publication of the book Traité des objets musicaux in 1966. Smalley's notion of spectromorphology builds upon Schaeffer's theories relating to the use of a classification system for various categories of sound. 
Smalley's term refers to the descriptive analysis of perceived morphological developments in sound spectra over time, and it implies that the "spectro" cannot exist without the morphology: something has to be shaped and that something must have sonic content (Smalley, 1986, 1997).
Theoretical framework.
The theoretical framework of spectro-morphology is articulated mainly in four parts: 
Spectral typologies.
Smalley defines three different spectral typologies that exist in what he calls the noise-note continuum. This continuum is subdivided into three principal elements: 
Morphological archetypes.
Smalley also designates different morphological archetypes:

</doc>
<doc id="20264435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264435" title="Gamma Doradus">
Gamma Doradus

Gamma Doradus (Gamma Dor, γ Doradus, γ Dor) is the third brightest star in the constellation of Dorado. It has an apparent visual magnitude of approximately 4.25 and is a variable star, the type star of the class of Gamma Doradus variables. These stars, like γ Doradus, are pulsating variables which vary in brightness by less than a tenth of a magnitude owing to nonradial gravity wave oscillations. The magnitude of γ Doradus itself has been observed to have two sinusoidal variations with periods of approximately 17.6 and 18.2 hours. There is also some additional unexplained, apparently random fluctuation.

</doc>
<doc id="20264440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264440" title="Great Eighteen Chorale Preludes">
Great Eighteen Chorale Preludes

The Great Eighteen Chorale Preludes, BWV 651–668, are a set of chorale preludes for organ prepared by Johann Sebastian Bach in Leipzig in his final decade (1740–1750), from earlier works composed in Weimar, where he was court organist. The works form an encyclopedic collection of large-scale chorale preludes, in a variety of styles harking back to the previous century, that Bach gradually perfected during his career. Together with the Orgelbüchlein, the Schübler Chorales and the third book of the Clavier-Übung, they represent the summit of Bach's sacred music for solo organ.
History.
Early versions of almost all the chorale preludes are thought to date back to 1710–1714, during the period 1708–1717 when Bach served as court organist and concertmaster in Weimar, at the court of Wilhelm Ernst, Duke of Saxe-Weimar.
As a result of encouragement from the Duke, a devout Lutheran and music lover, Bach developed secular and liturgical organ works of all forms, in what was to be his most productive period for organ composition. As his son Carl Philip Emanuel Bach mentions in his obituary or "nekrolog": "His grace's delight in his playing fired him to attempt everything possible in the art of how to treat the organ. Here he also wrote most of his organ works." During Bach's time at Weimar, the chapel organ there was extensively improved and enlarged; occupying a loft at the east end of the chapel just below the roof, it had two manual keyboards, a pedalboard and about a dozen stops, including at Bach's request a row of tuned bells. It is probable that the longer chorale preludes composed then served some ceremonial function during the services in the court chapel, such as accompanying communion. 
When Bach moved to his later positions as Kapellmeister in Köthen in 1717 and cantor at the Thomaskirche in Leipzig in 1723, his obligations did not specifically include compositions for the organ. The autograph manuscript of the Great Eighteen, currently preserved as P 271 in the Berlin State Library, documents that Bach began to prepare the collection around 1740, after having completed Part III of the Clavier-Übung in 1739. The manuscript is made up of three parts: the six trio sonatas for organ BWV 525–530 (1727–1732); the Canonic Variations on "Vom Himmel hoch da komm' ich her" BWV 769 added at the same time as the chorale preludes (1739–1750); and an early version of "Nun komm' der heiden Heiland" (1714–1717), appended after Bach's death.
The first thirteen chorale preludes BWV 651–663 were added by Bach himself between 1739 and 1742, supplemented by BWV 664 and 665 in 1746–7. In 1750 when Bach began to suffer from blindness before his death in July, BWV 666 and 667 were dictated to his student and son-in-law Johann Christoph Altnikol and copied posthumously into the manuscript. Only the first page of the last choral prelude BWV 668, the so-called "deathbed chorale", has survived, recorded by an unknown copyist. The piece was posthumously published in 1751 as an appendix to the Art of the Fugue, with the title "Wenn wir in höchsten Nöthen sein" (BWV 668a), instead of the original title "Vor deinen Thron tret ich hiermit" ("Before your throne I now appear").
There have been various accounts of the circumstances surrounding the composition of this chorale. The biographical account from 1802 of Johann Nicolaus Forkel that Altnikol was copying the work at the composer's deathbed has since been discounted: in the second half of the eighteenth century, it had become an apocryphal legend, encouraged by Bach's heirs, Carl Philip Emmanuel Bach and Wilhelm Friedmann Bach. The piece, however, is now accepted as a planned reworking of the shorter chorale prelude "Wenn wir in höchsten Nöthen sein" (BWV 641) from the Orgelbüchlein (c 1715).
Compositional models.
The breadth of styles and forms represented by the Great Eighteen is as diverse as that of Bach's Well Tempered Clavier for the keyboard. The pieces are on a large and often epic scale, compared with the miniature intimacy of the choral preludes of the Orgelbüchlein. Many of the chorale preludes pay homage to much older models in the German liturgical tradition (Böhm, Buxtehude and Pachelbel), but the parallel influence of the Italian concerto tradition is equally visible. It is a mid-eighteenth century salute to the musical traditions of the previous century. Unlike Part III of the Clavier-Übung, where Bach pushed his compositional techniques for the organ to new limits, the chorale settings of Bach's Great Eighteen represent "the very quintessence of all he elaborated in Weimar in this field of art;" they "transcend by their magnitude and depth all previous types of choral prelude"; and they display a "workmanship as nearly flawless as we have any right to expect of a human being." The eighteen are characterized by their freely developed and independent accompaniment filling the long intervals between the successive lines of the "cantus firmus", a feature of their large scale which has not pleased all commentators.
Chorale motet.
The Renaissance motet, in madrigal style, forms the model for the chorale motet, used in BWV 665 and 666. Each line of the chorale is established as a point of imitation for the different parts, which keep to a common rhythm. This style, the earliest used by Bach, was that employed in his Mühlhausen cantatas, such as the funeral cantata Actus Tragicus, BWV 106. A common distinctive feature is the use of musical figures to illustrate particular lines or even words in the hymn text.
Chorale partita.
The chorale partita is a set of variations on a chorale melody. Normally each variation repeats the chorale melody and is essentially a separate movement. This style goes back to the Dutch composer Sweelinck and was adopted by his German pupils Scheidt and Scheidemann; the tradition was continued at the turn of the 18th century by Böhm and Pachelbel from Thuringia, who provided the model for Bach. Bach, however, broke the norm in the two chorale preludes of this genre, BWV 656 and 667, which each have only a small number of variations (3 and 2). This might be a homage to Buxtehude, who had written similar partitas and whose music and virtuosity at the organ is known to have exercised a considerable influence on Bach in his youth.
Ornamental chorale.
In the ornamental chorale, a form invented and popularized in Northern Germany by Scheidemann, the chorale melody is taken by one voice in an elaborate and highly embellished form. Buxtehude was one its most celebrated exponents, with his individual expressive "vocal" ornamentation.
Five chorale preludes of the Great Eighteen were written in this style: BWV 652, 653, 654, 659 and 662.
Cantus firmus chorale.
The cantus firmus chorale: The melody of the chorale is sounded in long notes throughout the piece, was established and popularized in central Germany by Pachelbel. One of his students was Johann Christian Bach, Bach's older brother, who in turn taught Bach keyboard technique. There are six examples of the cantus firmus chorale: BWV 651, 657, 658, 661, 663
and 668.
Chorale trio.
The chorale trio has the form of a trio sonata in which the upper parts are played on the two keyboards of the organ and the basso continuo part is played on the pedals. Bach elevated this form to the status of contemporary Italian trio sonatas or double concertos of Antonio Vivaldi and Giuseppe Torelli: it is probably his single most original innovation in the repertoire of organ chorales. The three virtuosic chorale preludes of this type are BWV 655, 660 and 664.
Variants.
The original chorale preludes composed in Weimar are numbered BWV 651a, 652a, etc. When there are two or three earlier versions, the numbering uses other letters of the alphabet, for example BWV 655a, 655b and 665c. The variant BWV 668a is the complete version of the chorale prelude that was published as an appendix to the Art of the Fugue, possibly to compensate for the unfinished final fugue, "Contrapunctus XIV".
Publication.
The Great Eighteen were known throughout Germany by the turn of the nineteenth century, but only the last chorale prelude was available in print, in several editions, thanks to its reputation as the "deathbed chorale". Prior to the two Leipzig editions of Felix Mendelssohn in 1846 (which omitted BWV 664, 665, 666 and 668) and of Griepenkerl and Roitzsch in 1847 (which was complete), the only other published chorale prelude of the Great Eighteen was the brilliant trio "Allein Gott" BWV 664, which appeared in 1803 as one of the 38 chorale preludes in J. G. Schicht's four-volume anthology. The two chorale preludes "Nun komm' der heiden Heiland", BWV 659, and "Schmücke dich, o liebe Seele", BWV 654, had nevertheless become favourites. Mendelssohn and Schumann both venerated "Schmücke dich": Schumann recalled Mendelssohn confessing after one performance that, "If life were to deprive me of hope and faith, this single chorale would replenish me with them both." Following Mendelssohn's popularization of these works, the definitive Bach-Gesellschaft edition, edited by Wilhelm Rust, was published in Leipzig in 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="20264445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264445" title="Voorhout railway station">
Voorhout railway station

Voorhout is a railway station located in Voorhout, Netherlands. The station is on the Amsterdam–Rotterdam railway and the first station opened on 15 February 1892. This station closed on 17 September 1944. On 1 March 1997 the station re-opened. It is a simple station with two platforms on opposite sides of the tracks. The train services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train service.
The following service currently calls at Voorhout:

</doc>
<doc id="20264484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264484" title="Honiton Community College">
Honiton Community College

Honiton Community College is a comprehensive academy school located in Honiton, Devon, England. It was originally established as Honiton Secondary School in 1938. The college educates around 1,050 students, of whom 125 are in the sixth form. 
History.
Specialist status in science was awarded in 2005. 
In September 2009, Glenn Smith took over as principal when Norman Tyson retired after 16 years at the school.
In the February 2010 inspection, Ofsted rated the overall effectiveness of the school as "good"; point two on a four point scale. The sixth form was also rated as "good". The inspectors said "Honiton Community College is a 'good' school. It is also improving rapidly with areas of outstanding qualities."
In September 2010, the school launched its own radio station, which is broadcast via a low-powered local FM transmitter.
In 2013 the percentage of children achieving 5+ A*-C GCSEs (or equivalent) including English and maths GCSEs was 45%

</doc>
<doc id="20264496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264496" title="Circumarctic Environmental Observatories Network">
Circumarctic Environmental Observatories Network

Circumarctic Environmental Observatories Network (CEON) is a network of terrestrial and freshwater observation platforms, science experts and network partners promoting the collection and dissemination of environmental data from the Arctic.
CEON observation platforms include land and freshwater observatories, research infrastructures, former research sites where retrospective analyses are being or can be undertaken, data and image archive centers and community monitoring programs.
Background.
The concept of initiating a CEON was first raised at a meeting of the Forum of Arctic research Operators (FARO) at Arctic Science Summit Week (ASSW) in 2000 by Tom Pyle (US representative to FARO). Members of FARO endorsed the CEON concept specifying that CEON is to promote environmental observations in the Arctic and dissemination of these to Arctic researchers whilst encompassing and building on the strengths of existing stations and environmental observatory networks active in the Arctic.
In June 2002 Tom Pyle, head of Arctic Section of the Office of Polar Programs within the National Science Foundation of the United States tasked Patrick Webber (President of the International Arctic Science Committee - IASC), and Craig Tweedie (then at Michigan State University) with scoping and developing the CEON concept.
Development.
The initial development of CEON was based on the notion that early successes will be met by facilitating the activities of existing environmental sites and networks active in the Arctic and increasing the potential for integration and syntheses between sites. Example activities include promoting increased transfer of knowledge and standardization of research methods between networks and sites, and increasing accessibility to data and linkages to multidisciplinary and international programs.
Accordingly, presentations on the CEON concept were made at numerous meetings of organizations/research programs active in the Arctic over a short period of time in order to establish an initial momentum for the development of CEON. Presentations focused on the necessity for the CEON initiative to meet the needs of the participating research community, science administrators, policy makers, industry, education and indigenous communities whilst providing linkages between disciplines and existing networks and connectivity spanning regional to circum-arctic and global scales.
Approach.
Deliberately, presentations of the CEON concept have made no mention or suggestion of measurements or processes that should or could be made or investigated. Instead, observers have been asked to introduce their own bias into the development of CEON by providing feedback to the following question: "What would you do if you had the opportunity to conduct/maintain standardized and integrated time series observations across multiple research stations and networks in the Arctic?" This 'bottom-up' approach has facilitated the development and scoping of CEON based on the experience, needs and future directions envisaged by a broad range of potential CEON stakeholder and user groups.
Mission.
CEON's mission is to strengthen the capacity for emerging monitoring, research and policy needs at high northern latitudes by making data available that is adequate and suitable for answering and addressing a series of well-defined key scientific questions and uncertainties.
Rationale.
The CEON stakeholder community has developed the following rationale that underpins development of CEON:
Goals.
Through collaboration with its partners and the development of novel cyberinfrastructure, CEON aims to provide and facilitate:
Structure.
At present, CEON is being co-chaired by Terry Callaghan (Abisko Scientific Research Station, Sweden) and Craig Tweedie (University of Texas at El Paso, USA). Terry and Craig oversee CEON's two Science Coordination Offices:
As CEON transitions from an initiation pahse of development to an implementational phase, EUSCO and NASCO are focused on developing an improved organizational structure for CEON in consultation with the CEON stakeholder community.
EUSCO ~ CEON's European Science Coordination Office
EUSCO's primary role is to:
NASCO ~ CEON's North American Science Coordination Office
NASCO's primary role is to:
Maps and portals.
Web-based Mapping application development has been a key focus of CEON's activities over the past few years. Interactive web-based mapping applications (also called internet map servers) allow users to view a range of thematic map and satellite image layers, query a range of spatially explicit research and site data including sites affiliated with several international or national environmental observing networks or programs. Perhaps most importantly for CEON, users can glean an assortment of information in a single portal and then link to CEON's partnering networks to access more detailed or explicit information.
CEON has built several types of web-based mapping systems including:
CEON Internet Map Server (IMS).
The CEON - Internet Map Server (CEON-IMS) has been developed to enable and enhance the visualization and search-ability of a geo-database composed of observational platforms and information sources compatible with CEON's mission. CEON-IMS includes over 175 layers of remote sensing products, maps, and information on historical and current research efforts - all of which are associated with environmental observations in the Arctic.
This information can be used freely by researchers, land managers, educators, policy makers and local communities to access spatial data and information on primarily terrestrial and freshwater research in the Arctic. The information in this application is linked to online references and other information sources hosted by data providers.
CEON-IMS has been developed by the Systems Ecology Laboratory (SEL) at the University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP) and Nuna Technologies under several proposals sponsored by the Office of Polar Programs (OPP) at the US National Science Foundation (NSF). 
CEON 3D (Geobrowser).
CEON 3D is a prototype application developed with ESRI's free ArcGIS Explorer virtual globe software that is somewhat similar to Google Earth. User's can use this tool to fly to areas of interest and explore networks partnered to CEON. CEON 3D can also be used to print jpg images. CEON 3D also gives the user the ability to import maps, satellite imagery, GPS, Google Earth's kml data format and other data and view these raster or vector (points, lines and polygons) data alongside other CEON data. Importation of data is possible from the users' desktop, local area network, or external drive as well as from various web services (including real time data, satellite archives, data layers from other internet map servers etc.).
Sponsors.
Many participants involved in the development of CEON have generously provided whole or partial funding to support their attendance at meetings and participation in drafting of CEON documentation.
Endorsements.
The following key organizations have formally endorsed the concept of CEON:

</doc>
<doc id="20264512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264512" title="Twenty Twenty – The Essential T-Bone Burnett">
Twenty Twenty – The Essential T-Bone Burnett

Twenty Twenty is a 2006 compilation album by T-Bone Burnett, chronicling Burnett's entire career, including recordings by The Coward Brothers (Burnett's collaboration with Elvis Costello) and The Alpha Band.

</doc>
<doc id="20264515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264515" title="Adieu monsieur le professeur">
Adieu monsieur le professeur

"Adieu monsieur le professeur" is a 1968 song recorded by French singer Hugues Aufray. The song was written and the music composed by Jean-Pierre Bourtayre, Vline Buggy and the singer himself, and was later included in 2007 on Aufray's best of "Les 50 plus belles chansons". Star Academy 4 covered the song in 2004, achieving success.
Song information.
In France, the song was notably covered by Star Academy 4 in 2004. Released on December 13, 2004, as third single from the album "Les Meilleurs Moments", on which it features as second track in both singing and instrumental versions. The song met great success in France and Belgium (Wallonia) where it was a top ten hit. It appears on many French compilations such as "Hits For Teens", "Hits Superstars 2005", "Only Hits 2005" and "La Saga des hits", and was included on the charity album "Solidarité Asie". Oscar Sisto, the TV reality show's teacher of theater, features in the music video for the song. Nine of the constestants participated in the vocals.
In France, the single went to #88 on December 5, 2004, then climbed to #6, then to #2 and eventually topped the chart for a sole week. It then dropped every week and totaled six weeks in the top ten, 12 weeks in the top 50 and 18 weeks on the chart (top 100). The song was less successful in Belgium : it entered the chart at #22 on December 25, 2004, then entered the top ten in which it remained for five weeks, with a peak at #7 in its third week. It fell of the chart (top 40) after 11 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20264528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264528" title="Troels Rusel">
Troels Rusel

Troels Rusel (born 12 December 1964) is a retired Danish darts player.
Career.
Rusel made one appearance in the BDO World Darts Championship in 1994, where he beat Alan Brown and Ian Sarfas to reach the quarter finals, losing to Ronnie Sharp. Rusel was previously a quarter-finalist in the 1989 Winmau World Masters where he beat Alan Warriner in the second round before losing to Eric Bristow. He also reached the final of the 1993 WDF World Cup men's singles, losing to Roland Scholten.
Rusel tried a semi comeback in the 2013 Denmark Open, but with very little success, losing in the first round

</doc>
<doc id="20264538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264538" title="Braxton Lloyd">
Braxton Lloyd

Braxton Bynum Lloyd (December 28, 1886 – 1947) was a physician serving the towns of Carrboro and Chapel Hill in North Carolina in the first half of the 20th century. He served as Carrboro's mayor from 1920 to 1921 and delivered many of its citizens. During wartime when Carr Mill became a munitions plant, Lloyd served as its medical director. He graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
"Doc Brack" was "Carrboro's most beloved physician" and the "country folks' friend." His wife was Emma Hanse Lloyd (Nov. 5, 1880-Mar. 8, 1963).
Lloyd died from an apparent heart attack at the age of 60. He is buried in the Old Chapel Hill Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20264555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264555" title="Mansilla+Tuñón">
Mansilla+Tuñón

Mansilla+Tuñón Arquitectos is a Spanish architecture firm founded in Madrid in 1992 by Luis M. Mansilla (Madrid, 1959–2012) and Emilio Tuñón Álvarez (born also in Madrid, 1958).
Perhaps their most famous work to date is the MUSAC of León, Spain, the building that won the 2007 European Union Prize for Contemporary Architecture. They have also won the public competitions to build the C.I.C.C.M. New Convention Palace in Madrid (2007), as well as the Museo de las Colecciones Reales (Spanish Royal Collections Museum), also in Madrid.
They are teachers at the ETSAM school in Madrid and have taught at the Graduate School of Design in Harvard University, the EPFL in Lausanne, the Nueva Escuela de Arquitectura in Puerto Rico, the Städelschule in Frankfurt am Main, and currently at the School of Architecture at Princeton University.
Their works has been widely published and exhibited in some of the most prestigious magazines, book editions and museums in the world. In 2009 they directed the Biennial X of Spanish Architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="20264609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264609" title="Candice Feiring">
Candice Feiring

Dr. Candice Feiring is a Senior Research Scholar at the College of New Jersey and has been a professor of pediatrics and psychiatry at University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey. She is the Director of the Center for Youth Relationship and Development. Her research focuses on processes (such as shame, attribution and social support) related to adjustment in sexually abused youth and adolescent romantic relationships. Dr. Feiring has been honored with a William T. Grant Faculty Scholars award and has been the recipient of federally funded grants from the National Institute of Mental Health, Department of Justice, and Department of Education. She serves on the Editorial Board of the "Journal of Research on Adolescence" and is the Editor of Child Maltreatment. She was a member of the NIMH "Psychosocial development, risk and prevention" study section, the New Jersey Governor's Council on Mental Retardation and Developmental Disabilities (2003–2007)and is an advisor for the National Center of Child Traumatic Stress. Dr. Feiring is the principal investigator on an NIMH supported longitudinal study of processes related to adjustment following the discovery of sexual abuse. This project spans development from childhood into young adulthood and has been instrumental in guiding theory and intervention for youth with a history of sexual abuse. The research from this study was awarded the 2003 American Professional Society on the Abuse of Children Research Award. She has been selected as the next Editor-in-Chief of the "Journal of Child Maltreatment".

</doc>
<doc id="20264620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264620" title="Aalten railway station">
Aalten railway station

Aalten is a railway station located in Aalten, Netherlands. The station is on the Winterswijk–Zevenaar railway and the station opened on 15 July 1885. The building began construction in 1884 and was finished in 1885. It was rebuilt in 1919 and has since remained unaltered. The service is now operated by Arriva.
Train service.
The following service currently calls at Aalten:
Bus services.
These two services are operated by Arriva Gelderland.

</doc>
<doc id="20264652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264652" title="List of Australia Test cricket records against New Zealand">
List of Australia Test cricket records against New Zealand

This is a list of Australian Test cricket records against New Zealand. It is based on the List of Australia Test cricket records, but concentrates solely on records dealing with the Australian Test cricket team, and any cricketers who have played for that team, against the New Zealand Test cricket team. Australia played its first recognised Test cricket match against New Zealand in March 1946, and the records listed here date from that time.
Listing criteria.
In general the top ten are listed in each category (except when there is a tie for the last place among the ten, when all the tied record holders are noted).
Listing notation.
Team Notation
Batting Notation
Bowling Notation
Currently playing
Team records.
Team wins, losses, ties, and draws.
Greatest/Narrowest loss margins (by runs).
New Zealand has never beaten Australia by a runs margin in Test cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="20264675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264675" title="List of ballet companies in the United States">
List of ballet companies in the United States

This is a list of ballet companies in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20264688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264688" title="Knollenmergel">
Knollenmergel

The Knollenmergel is a geological formation in Germany and Switzerland. It dates back to the late Norian.

</doc>
<doc id="20264775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264775" title="1999 Eastern League season">
1999 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Harrisburg Senators defeated the Norwich Navigators 3 games to 2 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="20264806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264806" title="The Talent Series">
The Talent Series

The Talent Series is a series of novels written for preteenagers and teenagers by Zoey Dean. It is one of Zoey Dean's many preteen series.
Books.
The books are published by Razorbill. The complete series has been published in paperback. 

</doc>
<doc id="20264807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264807" title="1st Dakota Cavalry Battalion">
1st Dakota Cavalry Battalion

The 1st Dakota Cavalry was a Union battalion of two companies raised in the Dakota Territory during the American Civil War. They were used for service along the frontier, primarily to protect the settlers during the Sioux Uprising of 1862.
Service.
Company A.
By order of the War Department, organization of a cavalry unit was begun in the winter of 1861-2, with recruiting stations established at Yankton, Vermillion, and Bon Homme. At Yankton, with Captain Nelson Miner commanding, the 98 men of Company A were mustered into service on 19 April 1862. They first were stationed at Fort Randall under Lt Col Pattee of the 7th Iowa Cavalry, but detachments of the company were afterward sent to protect the settlements at Yankton, Vermillion, Sioux Falls and Brule Creek.
Upon the commencement of the August 1862 uprising, Company A escorted the settlers as they moved to protective stockades. Governor William Jayne also called for "every able-bodied man to arms in defense of the homes of Dakota", with 399 men responding.
Company B.
At this time Captain Alpheus G Fuller, an early settler in the territory, began raising a cavalry militia in Bon Homme and Charles Mix counties, the "Miltia Brigade of Dakota". Failing to form a company for U.S. service, the men were merged in with volunteers being organized at Elk Point, and were mustered in as Company B on 31 March 1863 at Sioux City, Iowa with Captain William Tripp commanding. This company was known by the settlers as the "Dakota Rangers".
Both companies were engaged in the protection of the Dakota frontier towns, while Generals Henry Sibley and Alfred Sully, with regiments of infantry and cavalry from Minnesota, Iowa and Nebraska, sought out the hostile Indians throughout the territory. The two companies were split into detachments for use in the several settlements.
With the Civil War ended, and the Indian troubles drawing to a close in 1865, the two companies were mustered out, Company A on 9 May and Company B on 15 November, 1865. A list of soldiers gives the battalion a total of 194 soldiers.
Engagements.
In June 1864, Gen Sully selected the 1st Dakota Cavalry to serve as his guard while he travelled to Fort Sully, to rendezvous with other forces joining him there. Upon the completion of the brigade, the expedition left Ft Sully on 24 June 1864. On 28 July 1864, Sully's force of 2,200 soldiers encountered a camp of between 5-6,000 warriors, and the Battle of Killdeer Mountain commenced. The US forces lost 5 killed and 10 wounded in the battle, but they were not said to be from the 1st Dakota Cavalry.

</doc>
<doc id="20264808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264808" title="List of Speed Racer chapters">
List of Speed Racer chapters

This is a list of chapters from the manga series "Speed Racer", which is called in Japan: "Mach GoGoGo". The chapters from "Mach GoGoGo" were originally published in Shueisha's "Shōnen Book". Selected parts of the series were first published in short pamphlet-sized issues by NOW Comics. The first volume of the series was later published by Wildstorm Productions under the title "Speed Racer: The Original Manga" (ISBN 978-1-56389-686-6). This ceased production just after volume one, which was reprinted by IDW Publishing. The whole series was published by Digital Manga Publishing under the "DMP Platinum" imprint under the title "Speed Racer: Mach Go Go Go".

</doc>
<doc id="20264813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264813" title="1998 Eastern League season">
1998 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Harrisburg Senators defeated the New Britain Rock Cats 3 games to 1 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="20264825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264825" title="Double X Posse">
Double X Posse

Double X Posse, also known as Double XX Posse, was an American 1990s hip hop group from Jersey City, New Jersey. Its debut album, "Put Ya Boots On" (1992), spawned two successful singles. The first and most successful, titled "Not Gonna be Able to Do It," reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Rap Singles in 1992 and also reached No. 68 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart in 1993. The second and final single from the group, "Head Cracker," reached No. 15 on the Hot Rap Singles chart. The group released a second album, "Ruff, Rugged & Raw", in 1995, which had no singles. Both albums were released on Atlantic Records, their first on Big Beat Records, a subsidiary of Atlantic.
"Not Gonna Be Able to Do It" appeared in the sitcom "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air", in the season 3 episode titled "You Bet Your Life."
For the 1995 album, "Ruff, Rugged & Raw", they released a single and video called "Money Talks" which was produced by Lord Finesse.

</doc>
<doc id="20264855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264855" title="1997 Eastern League season">
1997 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Harrisburg Senators defeated the Portland Sea Dogs 3 games to 1 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:<br>
Playoffs.
Divisional Series.
Northern Division.
The Portland Sea Dogs defeated the Norwich Navigators in the Northern Division playoffs 3 games to 2.
Southern Division.
The Harrisburg Senators defeated the Bowie Baysox in the Southern Division playoffs 3 games to 2.
Championship series.
The Harrisburg Senators defeated the Portland Sea Dogs in the ELCS 3 games to 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20264870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264870" title="1996 Eastern League season">
1996 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Harrisburg Senators defeated the Portland Sea Dogs 3 games to 1 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:<br>
Playoffs.
Divisional Series.
Northern Division.
The Portland Sea Dogs defeated the Binghamton Mets in the Northern Division playoffs 3 games to 2.
Southern Division.
The Harrisburg Senators defeated the Trenton Thunder in the Southern Division playoffs 3 games to 1.
Championship series.
The Harrisburg Senators defeated the Portland Sea Dogs in the ELCS 3 games to 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20264871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264871" title="HMS Encounter">
HMS Encounter

Six ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Encounter":

</doc>
<doc id="20264902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264902" title="Stan Holmes">
Stan Holmes

Stanley Craig Holmes (February 1, 1960 – February 28, 2011) was a college and minor league baseball outfielder who is most notable for winning the College World Series MVP award in 1981.
Holmes was born in Dos Palos, California. He played baseball at Arizona State University and won the Most Outstanding Player award at the 1981 College World Series as a senior. He is one of five players from Arizona State University to win that award. The others are Sal Bando, John Dolinsek, Bob Horner and Ron Davini.
Minor league career.
Holmes was drafted by big league teams twice. In 1980, he was selected in the 19th round by the Seattle Mariners and chose not to sign with them. He played for the Alaska Goldpanners in 1980. He was drafted by the Minnesota Twins in the eighth round of the 1981 draft and signed with them. He played professionally until 1989, never reaching the majors. Although he began his professional career as an outfielder, he also spent a considerable amount of time playing first base and third base.
In his first professional season, 1981, he played for the Wisconsin Rapids Twins. In 182 at-bats he hit .291 with seven home runs and 38 RBI. He played for the Orlando Twins in 1982, hitting .250 with three home runs and 12 RBI in 80 at-bats. Playing for the Visalia Oaks in 1983, Holmes had perhaps the best year of his professional career when he hit .302 with 37 home runs and 115 RBI in 500 at-bats. He won the California League MVP Award that season. Still with Orlando in 1984, he hit .280 with 25 home runs and 101 RBI in 507 at-bats. In 1985, playing for both the Orlando Twins and Toledo Mud Hens, he hit a combined .235 with 11 home runs and 46 RBI in 340 at-bats. In 1986, he again played for Orlando and Toledo, hitting a combined .244 with 15 home runs and 60 RBI in 315 at-bats.
From 1987 to 1989, he played in the California Angels organization. In 1987, he played for the Midland Angels, hitting .309 with 30 home runs and 106 RBI in 517 at-bats. While playing for the Edmonton Trappers in 1988, he slumped and hit only .254 with 14 home runs and 62 RBI in 331 at-bats. He again played for the Trappers in 1989, hitting .158 in 38 at-bats. He finished up his career with the Huntsville Stars, hitting .167 in 48 at-bats.
Overall, Holmes hit .273 with 143 home runs and 545 RBI in 2858 at-bats. He also pitched in ten games, posting a 5.06 ERA.

</doc>
<doc id="20264914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264914" title="November Steps">
November Steps

Background.
In his early career, Takemitsu had been reluctant to make use of traditional Japanese music in his compositions, as he said this music "always recalled the bitter memories of war". He began experimenting with traditional Japanese instruments in the early 1960s, using them in the soundtrack to Masaki Kobayashi's 1962 film, "Harakiri". Other film soundtracks in which Takemitsu used traditional instruments include Shinoda's "Assassination" and Masaki Kobayashi's "Kwaidan" (both 1964). Takemitsu's first concert composition for traditional Japanese musical instruments was "Eclipse" (1966) for the "biwa" performer, Kinshi Tsuruta, and the "shakuhachi" player, Katsuya Yokoyama. When Seiji Ozawa played Leonard Bernstein a tape of "Eclipse", Bernstein suggested combining the instruments in a composition with the western orchestra.
Of the title to "November Steps", Takemitsu offered two explanations. Taking a literal view of the title, he wrote, "It was performed in November, and to me that project represented a new step: thus, I titled the work "November Steps"." He further explained, "In Japanese music, "danmono" are the equivalent of western variations, and the word "dan" means step. My 'November Steps' are a set of eleven variations."
Composition.
During the composition of "November Steps", Takemitsu secluded himself to a mountain villa, taking with him the scores to Debussy's "Prelude to the Afternoon of a Faun" (1894) and "Jeux" (1912). At first intending unite the Japanese and the western musical instruments in the composition, he came to the decision early on that the differences between the two musical traditions were too vast to overcome. On the brink of abandoning the project, he instead decided to make the difference between the two traditions a theme of the work. Takemitsu later wrote, "It might well be that as a composition it would fail, but I completed the work in order to show as great a difference between the two traditions without blending them."
Following this line of thought, Takemitsu stated that he did not attempt to integrate the Japanese and western sounds, but to display them in juxtaposition to one another, thereby emphasizing their differences. Nevertheless, the work does present correspondences between the two sounds. The plucking of the "biwa" with the plectrum is echoed in the orchestra by percussive effects on the strings. The "shakuhachi"'s breath effects are echoed by clusters and glissandi in the strings. In this way, Takemitsu creates a harmony between the two instrumental bodies while maintaining their unique sound characteristics.
Takemitsu reported that the natural sounds, such as birds and wind, at first disturbed his concentration. When he began listening to them more carefully, he came to view these sounds as not different from his own music. Later, when listening to "November Steps" while working in Africa, the cultural anthropologist Junzo Kawada commented that the sounds of nature did not interfere with the enjoyment of Takemitsu's composition.
Reception.
The performers of the New York Philharmonic were openly skeptical of playing with the two Japanese instruments, however, after hearing the first extended passage for the "biwa" and "shakuhachi", concerns began to wane. Shouts of "Bravo!" came from the orchestra after the end of the first rehearsal. The first performance received compliments from Leonard Bernstein, Krzysztof Penderecki, Aaron Copland and other prominent musicians. Takemitsu expressed the view the positive reception of the work was proof that if a sound has value it will appeal to all people, not just to particular nationalities.
Shortly after the premier, the Toronto Symphony Orchestra, under its conductor Seiji Ozawa, gave "November Steps" its second performance in Toronto's Massey Hall. The work was distributed widely in the West when Ozawa and the Toronto Symphony included it on the fourth side of an LP of Messiaen's "Turangalîla Symphony" recorded in December 1967. Under Ozawa, this orchestra also gave the work its first televised performance, in a 1970 Canadian Broadcasting Corporation program, "East-West Concerto". In 1970 "November Steps" also had the distinction of being the only Japanese-composed music performed at Expo '70 when Ozawa conducted it in Suita, Osaka, Japan
Legacy.
The process of writing "November Steps", and its success, resulted in a new direction for Takemitsu's music. Takemitsu wrote that the effort in writing the piece, "somehow liberated music from a certain stagnation and brought to music something distinctly new and different". One of the ways in which the work changed Takemitsu's music was in a less traditional approach to musical form, which was replaced with a "stream of sound". "Green" (1967), composed for orchestra at the same time as "November Steps", is more conventional, shows the influence of the two Debussy scores in a more direct way than does "November Steps". In contrast, "November Steps" does not adhere to traditional western concepts of musical form, but takes the view that each sound is the focus of attention.

</doc>
<doc id="20264919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264919" title="1995 Eastern League season">
1995 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Reading Phillies defeated the New Haven Ravens 3 games to 2 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:<br>
Playoffs.
Divisional Series.
Northern Division.
The New Haven Ravens defeated the Portland Sea Dogs in the Northern Division playoffs 3 games to 1.
Southern Division.
The Reading Phillies defeated the Trenton Thunder in the Southern Division playoffs 3 games to 0.
Championship series.
The Reading Phillies defeated the New Haven Ravens in the ELCS 3 games to 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20264933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264933" title="Sankarpur">
Sankarpur

Sankarpur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20264943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264943" title="Michael McEvoy">
Michael McEvoy

Michael Stephen Anthony McEvoy (born 25 January 1956) is an Indian-born former English cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket between 1976 and 1990, with the bulk of his career being between 1980 and 1984.
He was playing for the Essex Second XI at the age of 17,
but his debut in major cricket was in a County Championship match against Middlesex in August 1976; he scored 18 and 13, opening the batting in both innings.
At the start of September, he scored his maiden first-class half-century, producing an innings of 61 against Somerset.
McEvoy remained a bit-part player in the Essex side for the rest of the 1970s, but this changed in 1980 when he played in 16 first-class and eight List A games. His final aggregate of 600 first-class runs was the most he scored in any season, albeit with only two fifties and an average of little more than 20.
He again played a fair number of first-team games in 1981, and claimed his only three first-class wickets when he took 3/20 against Middlesex at Lord's,
but he was confined to the Second XI after mid-July and left Essex at the end of the season.
Without a first-class county to play for in 1982, McEvoy turned out for Cambridgeshire in minor counties cricket, and made his maiden List A half-century in scoring 52 against Warwickshire in the NatWest Trophy.
In 1983 he returned to major cricket with Worcestershire, and near the end of the season hit his only first-class hundred when he struck 103 against Warwickshire.
He averaged 22.76 in scoring 569 first-class runs that summer, his highest in any season, but in 1984 that figure collapsed to 14.46, and his total of 188 runs from 13 innings told its own story.
That was that as far as McEvoy's first-class career was concerned, but he then enjoyed several seasons with Suffolk, playing quite regularly from 1985 until 1990, and then occasionally until 1992.
He scored four centuries in the space of six weeks in 1989,
and appeared in Suffolk's losing Championship final against Cheshire in 1985, though he was dismissed for just 5.
He played one List A game in the NatWest Trophy each year from 1985 to 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20264949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264949" title="Flamenco (1995 film)">
Flamenco (1995 film)

Flamenco is a 1995 Spanish documentary film directed by Carlos Saura with camerawork by cinematographer Vittorio Storaro. The film is entirely musical and dancing vignettes, composed and photographed on a sound stage.
Synopsis.
"Flamenco" is a documentary that includes performances from some of the best flamenco singers, dancers and guitarists. Helped by cinematography by Vittorio Storaro, director Carlos Saura brings with this film the "Light of Flamenco to the World".
As a hall fills with performers, a narrator says that flamenco came from Andalucia, a mix of Greek psalms, Mozarabic dirges, Castillian ballads, Jewish laments, Gregorian chants, African rhythms, and Iranian and Romany melodies. The film presents thirteen rhythms of flamenco, each with song, guitar, and dance: the up-tempo bularías, a brooding farruca, an anguished martinete, and a satiric fandango de huelva. There are tangos, a taranta, alegrías, siguiriyas, soleás, a guajira of patrician women, a petenera about a sentence to death, villancicos, and a final rumba. Families present numbers, both festive and fierce. The camera and the other performers are the only audience.
This film shows a world of flamenco—singing, dancing and guitarplaying melded into an intense, enclosing and dramatic space. Song, guitar and dance are blended in inventive ways. They are performed sometimes a cappella, extending the guitar playing in subtle and intense "solos" accompanied often by hand-clapping or knuckles rapped on a table. These dancers have learned the technique but they make the flamenco their own. Here we see children dancing with their parents; and grandparents demonstrating that flamenco imbues the spirit with a graceful power that does not age. At the end, we see the form of flamenco symbolically passed through a class of aspiring dancers.
Cast.
Performances by: Paco de Lucía, Joaquín Cortés, Manolo Sanlúcar, Lole y Manuel, La Paquera de Jerez, Fernanda de Utrera, José Menese, Enrique Morente, José Mercé, Farruco y Farruquito, Ketama, Manzanita, Maria Pagès and many others at the old Seville train station.
DVD release.
"Flamenco" was issued on DVD by New Yorker Video in December 2003, in Spanish with English subtitles. The lyrics of the songs are translated in the subtitles (the only "dialog" in the film).

</doc>
<doc id="20264962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264962" title="Earl T. Newbry">
Earl T. Newbry

Earl T. Newbry (April 15, 1900 – September 2, 1995) was an American businessman and politician from the state of Oregon. A native of Colorado, he served as the twenty-fifth Secretary of State of Oregon after appointment by Oregon Governor John Hubert Hall. A Republican, he previously served two terms in the Oregon House of Representatives and three terms in the Oregon State Senate.
Early life.
Earl Newbry was born in Rocky Ford, Colorado, on April 15, 1900. He and his family came to Oregon in the early 1920s. They established themselves in Jackson County in the city of Ashland. Newbry managed a fruit growing and packing firm in the Rogue River Valley before entering politics.
Political career.
Newbry ran for a seat in the Oregon House of Representatives and won the House District 19 seat which at the time was Jackson County in 1938. He served in the Oregon House for the 1939 and 1941 legislative sessions. A Republican from Ashland, he was then elected to the Oregon Senate representing District 6 in 1942. Newbry served in the state senate during the 1943, 1945, and 1947 sessions of the Oregon Legislature.
In late October 1947, Governor Earl Snell, Secretary of State Robert S. Farrell, Jr., and Senate President Marshall Cornell were killed in a plane accident near Dog Lake, Oregon, while on their way to a hunting trip. As the first two successors were killed along with the Oregon Governor, the Speaker of the House, John Hubert Hall, became governor. Hall's first act as Governor was to appoint Newbry as Oregon Secretary of State.
In office, Newbry was responsible for creating branch offices of the Department of Motor Vehicles across the state and implementing the use of permanent license plates in the state. He won election to a full term in office in 1948 and then won re-election in 1952, defeating Edith Green.
Newbry remained in office until January 7, 1957.
Later years.
After leaving office he returned to Southern Oregon and resumed his business career. Earl T. Newbry died on September 2, 1995, in Ashland, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="20264974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20264974" title="1994 Eastern League season">
1994 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Binghamton Mets defeated the Harrisburg Senators 3 games to 1 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:<br>
Playoffs.
Divisional Series.
Northern Division.
The Binghamton Mets defeated the New Haven Ravens in the Northern Division playoffs 3 games to 0.
Southern Division.
The Harrisburg Senators defeated the Bowie Baysox in the Southern Division playoffs 3 games to 2.
Championship series.
The Binghamton Mets defeated the Harrisburg Senators in the ELCS 3 games to 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20265003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265003" title="Kamal Sidhu">
Kamal Sidhu

Kamal Sidhu (born February 24, 1971) is an Indo-Canadian model, VJ, TV anchor and actor.
Early life.
Kamal was born in an Indian Sikh family who lived in the Philippines, where she stayed till the age of six. Later they moved to Canada, where she was raised and educated. She has a university degree in pre-medical. She is fluent in Tagalog, English, Punjabi and French.
Career.
Prior to being in TV shows and in the modeling industry, Kamal Sidhu was an athlete, training to compete at the Olympics Games in Atlanta, representing Canada in the heptathlon. An unfortunate injury abruptly ended her dreams and made her to pursue other avenues. She was advised by a cousin, and consequently entered the Miss India-Canada contest in 1991, to which she won first runner-up.
Television career.
In India, she started her career with Channel V and later MTV Asia. She also worked with channel AXN in this same country. One of the first few 'Indian' VJs, Sidhu and her Canadian accent were hugely popular with the teen population, many imitating her style of dress, hair and talking.
She hosted an adult show on sex lives on Zoom TV and anchored an environmental series called "EarthPulse" on National Geographic Channel.
Photo-shoot.
In October 2007, She did some bold sessions along with Lakshmi Menon for Vogue (magazine) with ace photographer Prabuddha Gupta. She also made a session for Maxim India.
Personal life.
Kamal is married to Nico Ghogavala owner of B.A.R company.

</doc>
<doc id="20265019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265019" title="Paul Johnston (cricketer)">
Paul Johnston (cricketer)

Paul Robert Archibald Johnston (born 13 December 1988), is an English cricketer. Johnston is a left-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium pace. He was born in Hartlepool, County Durham and educated at Yarm School.
He attended Red House School in Norton before going on to Yarm School at college. 
Johnston made his first-class debut for Durham UCCE against Derbyshire in 2008 at the County Ground, Derby. He played a further first-class match that season against Durham, before playing three fixtures in 2009, the last of which came against Warwickshire. In his five first-class matches, he scored 164 runs at a batting average of 18.22, with a single half century high score of 73. This came against Warwickshire in his final first-class match.
Johnston joined Cumberland in 2009, making his Minor Counties Championship debut against Lincolnshire and his MCCA Knockout Trophy debut against Cheshire in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20265034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265034" title="2000 Eastern League season">
2000 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The New Haven Ravens defeated the Reading Phillies 3 games to 1 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:
Playoffs.
Divisional Series.
Northern Division.
The New Haven Ravens defeated the Binghamton Mets in the Northern Division playoffs 3 games to 1.
Southern Division.
The Reading Phillies defeated the Harrisburg Senators in the Southern Division playoffs 3 games to 0. 
Championship Series.
The New Haven Ravens defeated the Reading Phillies in the ELCS 3 games to 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20265049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265049" title="C.C. Lang &amp; Son">
C.C. Lang &amp; Son

C. C. Lang & Son, a Baltimore-based pickle manufacturing company, was started in 1881. Located in one of the chief canning cities of the United States, the pickle and kraut company supplied their own cucumbers through the Lang Farm, located in Glen Arm, Maryland.
Started by German immigrant C.C. Lang, the business was passed down to Charles Gottlieb Lang, (1890–1956) who expanded the small business into an enterprise employing 700 persons in Maryland, Virginia, South Carolina, North Carolina, New York, and Michigan.
In the 1940s this "pickle-packing" industry was made up of about 300 pickle packers around the country. In addition to C.C. Lang & Son, these companies include the well known H. J. Heinz Company and Hunt Foods, as well as California Packing Corp, Green Bay Food Co, and Libby, McNeill & Libby just to name a few.

</doc>
<doc id="20265070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265070" title="List of Dakota Territory Civil War units">
List of Dakota Territory Civil War units

The Dakota Territory during the American Civil War raised only a battalion of cavalry, 2 companies, for three year service for the Union. They remained in the territory for defense of the frontier lands during the Dakota War.
Cavalry.
1st Dakota Battalion Cavalry - two companies
See also.
Lists of American Civil War Regiments by State

</doc>
<doc id="20265080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265080" title="Jake Crawford">
Jake Crawford

Rufus "Jake" Crawford (March 20, 1928 – October 21, 2008) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played in seven games for the St. Louis Browns in .
Crawford signed the Browns in and made his major league debut on September 7, 1952. He was traded to the Detroit Tigers on October 27, 1952.
Crawford was a member of the U.S. Air Force and after his baseball career, he worked for the Fort Worth Police Department. He died on October 21, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20265088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265088" title="Hampstead, New Brunswick">
Hampstead, New Brunswick

Hampstead is a community in Hampstead Parish, New Brunswick New Brunswick Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20265109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265109" title="Kazeyomi">
Kazeyomi


</doc>
<doc id="20265135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265135" title="Charles Trowbridge House">
Charles Trowbridge House

The Charles C. Trowbridge House is located at 1380 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It is the oldest building in the city of Detroit; it was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1974 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
History.
Charles Christopher Trowbridge built this house in 1826 at a cost of $2500 on what was then farmland, far from the heart of Detroit. At the time, the River Road (now East Jefferson) ran behind the house; the original access to the house may have been from what is now the rear. Houses of this type often had similar front and rear layouts, with entrances at both ends of a central hallway.
Trowbridge lived in the house for 56 years until his death in 1883. The house, originally built in a Greek Revival style, was updated with Victorian elements such as the bay window in the front.
After Trowbridge's death, the house remained in the family, and was converted to a rooming house in 1936. In 1942, the Trowbridge family sold the house to Marie Cavanaugh and it was converted back to a single-family residence. Today, the house is privately owned and houses multiple businesses including Trowbridge Law Firm, Trowbridge Realty, Dickson & Associates and RBD Creative.

</doc>
<doc id="20265173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265173" title="Trowbridge House">
Trowbridge House

The Trowbridge House is an historic town house, adjacent to the Blair House on Lafayette Park across the street from the Old Executive Office Building of the White House. For many years, the structure was used for government offices.
Currently, The Trowbridge House Foundation is raising funds to convert the structure for a residence for former Presidents of the United States to stay when they visit Washington. Trowbridge House would then replace the current residence for former Presidents, the Presidential Townhouse at 716 Jackson Place, which was designated in 1969 by President Richard M. Nixon for use as lodging and work space for former presidents.
When the $6 million renovation is completed, the property, at 708 Jackson Place NW, will be linked with Blair House through a private garden courtyard and the basement. The Washington architectural firm of Leo A. Daly has drawn up the plans for renovation, which is now partitioned into offices and lacks a functioning bathroom (anyone working there uses one in an adjoining townhouse). New York decorator Alexa Hampton has provided designs for the interiors.
History.
The house was built by William Petit Trowbridge, an engineer and mathematics professor, who built it in 1859. After building it, William Trowbridge lived there briefly before selling it in 1869. It was eventually leased by the federal government for office space in the early 1900s and was purchased by the government in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="20265179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265179" title="Hardwicke, New Brunswick">
Hardwicke, New Brunswick


</doc>
<doc id="20265181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265181" title="County of Rietberg">
County of Rietberg

The County of Rietberg () was a state of the Holy Roman Empire, located in the present German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It was situated on the upper Ems in Westphalia between the Prince-Bishopric of Paderborn and the Prince-Bishopric of Münster. It existed as an independent territory from 1237 to 1807, when it was mediatised to the Kingdom of Westphalia.
History.
Rietberg was first mentioned as 'Rietbike' around the year 1100. This name refers to Ried which is an old name for reed and to 'Bach' which means creek. There was a castle that dated back to the 11th century. From 1237, it was home to the family of Wenzel Adam von Kaunitz, Count Rietberg. From this time on the part 'Berg' in the name Rietberg refers to the existence of a castle which is called 'Burg' in German. Since that time Rietberg was an independent German territory until the year 1807. In the Middle Ages the Rietberg county was a very small state. Nevertheless, Rietberg had its own militia, its own currency and its own laws. Even foreign policy, on a small scale, was conducted independently. Until the 17th century Rietberg coined its own money. 
In the year 1807 Rietberg became mediatised to the Kingdom of Westphalia. The title Count Rietberg remains extant in the House of Liechtenstein, with Hans-Adam II, Prince of Liechtenstein and each born member of his dynasty and their dynastic wives bearing the title currently.

</doc>
<doc id="20265193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265193" title="Pirverdilər">
Pirverdilər

Pirverdilər is a village and municipality in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 924.

</doc>
<doc id="20265197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265197" title="Nine Mile, Jamaica">
Nine Mile, Jamaica

Nine Mile is a village in Saint Ann Parish, Jamaica, a few miles south of Brown's Town. On February 6, 1945 the Reggae musician and peace activist Bob Marley, was born there, and later buried there.
Bob Marley Mausoleum.
The Bob Marley Mausoleum is a tourist attraction located in Nine Mile, managed by members of Marley’s family.It has many historical artifacts including guitars, awards and photographs. Nine Mile is where Bob Marley’s musical career began and also influenced many of his songs.
There is a Rasta-colored ‘rock pillow’ on which Marley laid his head when seeking inspiration. His body lies buried along with his guitar in a oblong marble mausoleum inside a small church of traditional Ethiopian design. 
There are two mausoleums on the property. The first entered is Mama Marley’s. The second entombs Marley as well as his half-brother. Marley's crypt is on the top, and his brother lies in a tomb stacked below him. It was Mama Marley’s wish that the brothers were buried together.

</doc>
<doc id="20265209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265209" title="Wilhelm Knabe">
Wilhelm Knabe

Dr. Wilhelm Knabe (born October 8, 1923 in Arnsdorf, Saxony) is a noted German ecologist, pacifist, civil servant, politician and a co-founder of the Green Party in Germany. He served as one of three speakers (that is, chairmen) of the Greens at the federal level from November 1982 until December 1984. He also served as the 1. Speaker of the party in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. Knabe was a Member of the Bundestag from 1987 until 1990. He was vice mayor of the city of Mülheim from 1994 to 1999.
Before he became involved with Green politics, Knabe was a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany from 1946 to 1966.
As a Christian Democrat, Knabe fled the totalitarian communist regime of East Germany in 1959, and settled in West Germany. He is the father of noted historian Hubertus Knabe.

</doc>
<doc id="20265215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265215" title="Daşkəsən (settlement)">
Daşkəsən (settlement)

Daşkəsən () is a settlement and municipality in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 823. The municipality consists of the settlement of Daşkəsən and the village of Aşağı Daşkəsən.

</doc>
<doc id="20265246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265246" title="Inkerman, New Brunswick">
Inkerman, New Brunswick

Inkerman is a community in the Canadian province of New Brunswick on the Inkerman Lake. The Community is located mainly on Route 113. See also Inkerman Parish.

</doc>
<doc id="20265249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265249" title="1993 Eastern League season">
1993 Eastern League season

The Eastern League baseball season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Harrisburg Senators defeated the Canton-Akron Indians 3 games to 2 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Note: Green shade indicates that team advanced to the playoffs; Bold indicates that team advanced to ELCS; Italics indicates that team won ELCS
Playoffs.
Semi-Finals Series.
The Canton-Akron Indians defeated the Bowie Baysox 3 games to 2.
The Harrisburg Senators defeated the Albany/Colonie Yankees 3 games to 1. 
Championship Series.
The Harrisburg Senators defeated the Canton-Akron Indians in the ELCS 3 games to 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20265252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265252" title="Nabi Rubin">
Nabi Rubin

Al-Nabi Rubin (, transliteation: "an-Nabî Rûbîn") was a Palestinian village in central Palestine, located west of Ramla, just northeast of Yibna and south of Jaffa. The village was situated on the southern banks of Wadi al-Sarar, also known as Sorek Stream, at an elevation of below sea level. Nabi Rubin is named after a shrine in the village, believed by Muslims to be the tomb of Reuben. In Sami Hadawi's 1945 land and population survey, Nabi Rubin had a population of 1,420 inhabitants and a total land area of 31,002 dunams, of which 683 were planted with citrus trees with no built-up area. It was captured by the Israel Defense Forces during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, and the inhabitants were expelled.
History.
Nabi Rubin was a place of trade between Crusaders and Muslims prior to it being inhabited. In 1184, it held a fair where Arab merchants from Damascus traded slaves, Persian and Kurdish-bred horses, weapons, and blades from Yemen and India, with Christians from Acre. This trade continued until wars between the Mamluks and Crusaders commenced in the 13th century.
The Mamluk governor of Jerusalem built a mosque and shrine there in the early 15th century. Islamic judge Mujir ad-Din wrote in 1495 it "is a tomb of our Reuben," thereon crystallizing in local Muslim tradition that the site is the burial place of Reuben, son of Jacob and Leah. Despite popular belief, the tomb may possibly be that of an Arab sheikh.
Walid Khalidi writes that it is believed that the shrine for al-Nabi Rubin was built in the same place where a Canaanite temple had once stood, and that the "mawsim" ("religious festival") itself was pagan in origin. The Nabi Rubin "mawsim" was one of two prominent "mawsims" for Old Testament prophets in Palestine—the other being dedicated to Nabi Musa ("the prophet Moses") near Jericho.
The site comprised a mosque, a minaret, (now demolished), and a maqam, as well as at least nine wells dispersed in the sand dunes nearby. The oldest part of the present structure is the maqam, which, according to an inscription, was built under the orders of the governor Timraz al-Mu'ayyadi between 1436 and 1437 C.E. A cross-vaulted room to the east was built slightly later, possibly in the 16th century. The rest of the complex was built in the later Ottoman period, probably in the 19th century.
Since at least the 17th century, Muslims from Jaffa, Ramla, Lydda, and the towns and villages surrounding these cities, flocked to Nabi Rubin to celebrate the "mawsim". In 1816, an English traveler, Charles Leonard Irby, visited the "Sheik Rubin´s tomb, surrounded by a square wall, inclosing some trees". He also describes that people paid vows at the shrine and celebrated festivals there. Up to 30,000 people made the pilgrimage annually throughout the month of August. Temporary coffeehouses, restaurants, and stalls selling food and other merchandise were set up, and people sang popular songs, — both religious and nationalist — and danced the traditional "dabka". Sufi dervishes held "dhikr" sessions, and pilgrims also watched horse races, magic shows and listened to sermons from "imams" and poets. City wives, who virtually never socialized outside households, in particular "craved participation in the festival," and Tawfiq Canaan writes that they would announce to their husbands "Either you take me to Nabi Rubin, or you divorce me." In 1933, during the Nabi Rubin celebrations, Arabs went on strike and rioted against British Mandatory rule. The first Palestinian film, a 1935 documentary, was also presented at the Nabi Rubin festivals. The writer S. Yizhar, who as a child sneaked over the sands from his home in Rehovot, later described: "One finally arrives at Nabi Rubin and its mosque in the center, to watch by the light of bonfires...or even electricity from portable generators, the performance of the dances, the whirling of the dervishes, the colorful candy wrappers...the pot-bellied swaying Gypsy woman ...while on the side, the singing keeps sawing away all time, not ceasing until the depths of night..."
The village.
The village of Nabi Rubin was first settled by members of the Abu Sawayrih tribe in the 1930s and '40s who are descendants of the al-Maliha Bedouin tribe who used dwell in the Sinai Peninsula. In 1944, a boy's school was built, and by 1946 it had an enrollment of 55 pupils. The village's land area, most of which was covered by sand dunes, was the second largest in the district after that of Yibna, and was designated as an Islamic "waqf" ("pious endowment"). Some of the houses, which were scattered across the site without any discernible nucleus, were also built inside the fruit orchards. Shops, as well as a movie theater, were built in the neighborhood of the shrine. The villagers worked in agriculture and animal husbandry; they also catered to the visitors during the "mawsim". They cultivated mainly grain, followed by citrus and other fruits, such as figs and grapes. In 1944-45 a total of 683 dunums was devoted to citrus and banana cultivation, and 4357 dunums were allocated to cereals. Another 184 dunums were irrigated or used for orchards.
Capture by Israel.
Nabi Rubin was located in a region which was targeted by Haganah´s "Operation Lightning" ("Mivtza Barak") during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, which aimed to force the Arab inhabitants to move. During the 10–12 May 1948, units of the Ephraim sub-district, apparently without success, repeatedly mortared and raided Nabi Rubin, with the aim of forcing evacuation.
On June 1, 1948, Israel's Giv'ati Brigade captured the village in the second stage of Operation Barak. Upon its capture, most of its inhabitants were expelled, except for a few who stayed until the harvest season to collect oranges, but they too were later expelled. On the 24 August, the Giv'ati Brigade HQ issued the order for "Mivtza Nikayon" (Operation Cleaning), aiming at ´cleansing ["letaher"]´the newly conquered area which included Nabi Rubin. Any armed units were to be destroyed, and any Arab civilians expelled. The operation took place on 28 August, and they "killed 10 Arabs, wounded three and captured 3". There were no IDF casualties.
According to Salman Abu-Sitta, in 1998, there were 10,116 Palestinian refugees from Nabi Rubin or their descendants.
Walid Khalidi describes Nabi Rubin after its capture: 
The shrine of al-Nabi Rubin stands amid shrubs and other wild vegetation. A minaret that has three lancet-arched entrances stands at one end of it. A number of minor shrines built of large stones also remain. Near the shrine is a deserted, free-standing cement structure that consists of a single, box-shaped room.
The shrine of Reuben remained abandoned and deteriorated gradually; by 1991, the minaret of the mosque was torn down, as were centuries-old mulberry trees that had been located in the courtyard. Eventually, the shrine was reconsecrated as a Jewish holy site (although Jews have traditionally placed Reuben's tomb in the Lower Galilee). The green curtain with the script "There is no god, but God, and Rubin is his prophet" which had been laid on the tomb was replaced by a red one with "Reuben, thou art my firstborn, my might, and the beginning of my strength."

</doc>
<doc id="20265292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265292" title="Jane Velez-Mitchell (TV program)">
Jane Velez-Mitchell (TV program)

Jane Velez-Mitchell is a current affairs TV show on HLN hosted by Jane Velez-Mitchell. It airs weeknights at 7 pm ET. It debuted as Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell in October 2008 before taking on its current title in February 2012. Velez-Mitchell previously worked for HLN's Nancy Grace as producer and fill-in host, and continues to function in the fill-in capacity occasionally. 
The show is known for its strong opinions on what it reports. According to the show's website, the program "stands up for the less fortunate and demands justice for all." The show spotlights many issues, such as homicides, celebrity controversies, political controversies, cold cases, and other "hot topics." The show normally has a panel of five or six guests, along with Velez-Mitchell.
In 2010, "Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell" was nominated for a GLAAD Media Award for "Outstanding TV Journalism Segment" for the segment "Gay Teen Mutilated" during the 21st GLAAD Media Awards.
The show was retitled as simply "Jane Velez-Mitchell" in February 2012, with Velez-Mitchell jokingly explaining that the change was due to her having gotten over her "issues".
Velez-Mitchell has also been a substitute host on HLN's "Showbiz Tonight".

</doc>
<doc id="20265295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265295" title="O'Brien, Argentina">
O'Brien, Argentina

O'Brien or General O'Brien is a town in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, about west of Buenos Aires, which was officially founded on 21st March 1909 on land provided by Eduardo O'Brien (1836-1912), who was born in County Wexford, Ireland and emigrated to Brazil at the age of fourteen with his parents Patrick (1802-1892) and Frances (1802-1890). When in 1907 a railway was built across his estate, O'Brien donated land for the construction of a railway station. The station carried his name, later, in the year 1935, it was changed to General O'Brien.

</doc>
<doc id="20265305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265305" title="Quşçu (settlement)">
Quşçu (settlement)

Quşçu () is a settlement and municipality in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 745. The municipality consists of the settlement of Quşçu and the village of Quşçu Körpüsü.

</doc>
<doc id="20265314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265314" title="Şahvələdli">
Şahvələdli

Şahvələdli is a village and municipality in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 188.

</doc>
<doc id="20265317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265317" title="Flora Perini">
Flora Perini

Flora Perini (20 November 1887 – September 1975) was an Italian operatic mezzo-soprano who had a prominent opera career in Europe, South America, and the United States during the first half of the twentieth century. She sang a wide repertoire that encompassed works by verisimo composers like Mascagni, bel canto composers like Rossini and Bellini, the Italian grand operas of Verdi, the German operas of Strauss and Wagner, and the Russian operas of Rimsky-Korsakov. She sang in numerous premieres throughout her career, including creating the role of the Princess in the original 1918 production of Puccini's "Suor Angelica". 
Career.
Perini was born in Rome, where she studied at the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia before making her professional opera début at La Scala in 1908 as Anacoana in Franchetti's "Cristoforo Colombo". Over the next several years she appeared in operas in Nice, Venice, Triest, Turin, Bologna, Madrid, Barcelona, Saint Petersburg, Rio de Janeiro and Montevideo. In 1910 she sang the role of Xenia in "Boris Godunov" opposite Adamo Didur in the title role at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires. She returned to that house numerous times over the next several years singing in such roles as Herodias in Richard Strauss' "Salome" (1913) and Annina in "Der Rosenkavalier" (1915). She also sang in the world premiere of Carlos López Buchardo's "El sueño de Alma" in 1914. 
In 1915 Perini made her American début at the Metropolitan Opera as Lola in Mascagni's "Cavalleria rusticana" with Margarete Matzenauer as Santuzza, Luca Botta as Turiddu, and Gaetano Bavagnoli conducting. She sang in more than 300 performances at the Met over the next nine years portraying such roles as Amneris in "Aida", Enrichetta in "I puritani", Hedwige in "Guillaume Tell", Maddalena in "Rigoletto", Mercédès in "Carmen", Nancy in "Martha", Rossweisse in "Die Walküre", the Spring Fairy in "The Snow Maiden", Suzuki in "Madama Butterfly", and Teresa in "La Sonnambula" among other roles. Most notably she created the roles of Konchakovna in the American premiere of "Prince Igor" (1915), Pepa in the world premiere of Enrique Granados's "Goyescas" (1916), Smaragdi in the American premiere of Zandonai's "Francesca da Rimini", the Princess in the world premiere of Puccini's "Suor Angelica" (1918), Pantasilée in the American premiere of Xavier Leroux's "La reine Fiammette" (1919), "Light" in the world premiere of "L'oiseau bleu" (1919), and Larina in the American premiere of "Eugene Onegin" (1920). 
Perini returned to the Teatro Colón as a guest artist in 1923 to perform the role of Debora in Pizzetti's "Debora e Jaele" and again in 1925 to sing the Commandante in Zandonai's "I cavalieri di Ekebù".
In 1924 she left the Metropolitan Opera to join the Chicago Civic Opera for one season. She returned to Italy in 1925, where she sang principally at the Teatro Costanzi in Rome until her retirement. Her roles at the Constanzi included Maddalena in "Rigoletto", Laura in "La Gioconda", Amneris in "Aida", and Fricka in "Die Walküre" among others.
Recordings.
Perini was among the first generation of musicians to be recorded. While in the United States she made several recordings for the Victor Talking Machine Company, including the classic "Rigoletto" Quartet with Amelita Galli-Curci, Enrico Caruso and Giuseppe De Luca in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="20265319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265319" title="1992 Eastern League season">
1992 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Binghamton Mets defeated the Canton-Akron Indians 3 games to 2 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Note: Green shade indicates that team advanced to the playoffs; Bold indicates that team advanced to ELCS; Italics indicates that team won ELCS
Playoffs.
Semi-Finals Series.
The Binghamton Mets defeated the Harrisburg Senators 3 games to 1. 
The Canton-Akron Indians defeated the Albany/Colonie Yankees 3 games to 1.
Championship Series.
The Binghamton Mets defeated the Canton-Akron Indians in the ELCS 3 games to 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20265321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265321" title="The Fernhills Palace, Ooty">
The Fernhills Palace, Ooty

Fernhill Palace was the erstwhile summer residence of the Maharaja of Mysore. The first Fernhills bungalow was built in 1844 as a private residence in the hill station Ooty in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The palace resembles a Swiss Chalet. Its carved wooden bargeboards and ornamental cast iron give it that characteristic appearance. The palace grounds accentuate the alpine look of the place with its manicured gardens, firs and cedars. There is an interesting church like indoor badminton court on the grounds.
The Palace is spread out over of green lawns, stylized gardens and dense woods with spectacular views of terraced tea gardens and lush verdant valleys
History.
The first Fernhills bungalow was built in 1844 by Capt. F. Cotton. It changed hands over a period of time till mid-1860 when it was temporarily named Moonesami and served as one of Ooty's earliest country club. During the time of the British Raj, the English elite would flee the hot and muggy plains of the Madras Presidency and take sanctuary in the refreshing cool climes of Ooty, with its expanses of undulating hills and terraced tea gardens. Its popularity never waned and has grown to include holidaymakers, honeymooners, myriad film units and boarding schools.
Description.
The Palace is spread out over of green lawns, stylized gardens and dense woods with spectacular views of terraced tea gardens and lush verdant valleys.
It is nestled in the Nilgiri Hills, Ooty still exudes an undeniable charm as locals go about their business briskly and tourists amble in the streets of what is finally just a little town, fringed by large, sprawling plantations of cardamom and tea, and eucalyptus forests.

</doc>
<doc id="20265331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265331" title="Tip the Van">
Tip the Van

Tip the Van was an American rock/ska group formed in Marlborough, Connecticut in 2002. The lineup consists of Nicole Oliva (vocals), Simone Oliva (vocals), Stephanie Allen (trombone/keyboard), Brian Dunnigan (lead guitar), Bryan Howard (bass), and Bryan Briggs (drums). After nine years, three EP's, one full-length album, and several national tours, the band announced its indefinite hiatus in 2011.
Band history.
Tip The Van was formed in 2002 by sisters Nicole and Simone Oliva while in high school. The band began as a ska band featuring a large horn section. In 2004, trombonist, Stephanie Allen, joined the lineup and was featured on the band's first EP, "Circles". Shortly after the release of the EP, the original lineup dissolved and for a time, various members of other local bands would step in on a temporary basis to perform live with the band.
In 2005, Tip The Van was invited to join the Vans Warped Tour as a part of the ShiraGirl Stage and played alongside Paramore, Damone, ShiraGirl and other female-fronted bands. After releasing their first full-length studio album, "Something Wicked", Tip The Van was asked to join the Warped Tour once again. Supporting their 2009 release, "Passion, Love & Pride," Tip the Van joined the 2010 Vans Warped Tour on the Kevin Says Stage.
In April 2011, Tip The Van announced that the band was officially on an indefinite hiatus, citing the desire to pursue individual projects and endeavors as motivation.

</doc>
<doc id="20265342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265342" title="Ioanna Kuçuradi">
Ioanna Kuçuradi

Ioanna Kuçuradi (born October 4, 1936) is a Turkish philosopher. She is currently the president of Philosophical Society of Turkey and a full-time academic of Maltepe University.
Biography.
Of Greek (Rûm) descent, Kuçuradi was born on October 4, 1936 in Istanbul, Turkey. After finishing Zappeion Greek Gymnasium for Girls in Istanbul in 1954, she was educated in Philosophy at Istanbul University, from where she graduated with a B.A. degree in 1959. She earned then a Ph.D. degree at the same university in 1965. Ioanna Kuçuradi worked as an assistant professor at her alma mater and the Atatürk University in Erzurum.
She was founder and head of the Department of Philosophy at Hacettepe University, where she also taught as professor of Philosophy. From 1997 to 2005, Kuçuradi was founding director of the Centre for Research and Application of the Philosophy of Human Rights at Hacattepe University. She is also holder of a UNESCO Chair of Philosophy since 1998. Since 2006, Kuçuradi teaches philosophy and acts as director of the Centre for Research and Application of Human Rights at Maltepe University.
Positions.
Ioanna Kucuradi is a holder of UNESCO Chair of Philosophy of Human Rights since 1998 at Hacettepe University and since 2009 in Maltepe University. 
She is also director of the Centre for Research and Application of Human Rights at Maltepe University. She has worked at Istanbul University, Ataturk University, Hacettepe University and Yeditepe University since 1959.
Honours.
Kuçuradi has received numerous honors, among which:

</doc>
<doc id="20265347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265347" title="Left Out">
Left Out

Left Out was a Chicago, Illinois Christian punk band that was active from 1995 to 2002 and has recently returned to touring as of October 2010.
Formation.
The band formed at Tomfest 1995 and was a side project of the Blamed's Bryan Gray. For their debut album, "Pride Kills" (1996), alongside Chris Colbert (Breakfast with Amy), Darren Diolosa (aka Klank), and Jesse Smith (Zao). Despite its members diverse influences, its sound most closely resembled that of the Blamed, the Crucified, nobody special. The band recorded a second album on flying tart entitled serve self, this was recorded at neverland studios in nashville. The record featured bassist Brent Kaping (Craig's Brother, the Yax), Jim Chaffin (crucified) on drums, and guest performances by jacob (sometime Sunday) on lead guitar, chris colbert (lead guitar), tracy street (sang) Jonathan (sang "i grind my teeth at night), and cleetus adrian (maintenance man) sang too. Serve Self was recorded by chris colbert again and assisted by steve hindalong (choir). left out recorded a third full length after bryan moved to chicago entitled for the working class. FTWC featured bryan and brent again, and greg jacques (crashdog) on drums. There was a ton of guests, notably Tim Davis (Spike Nard from crashdog). 
Shortly after the release of FTWC left out toured extensively in support of the record, the live line up featured bryan, Jason Seiler and Chris and Trevor Wiitala. The did and extensive national tour with Ghoti Hook and the smiley kids. Following this tour it was time for the blamed and left out to merge. Matt Switaj from the blamed who had toured with left out as well, Bryan Gray, merged with the Wiitala brothers and played for years under the name the blamed. They had a meeting to decide to merge and they voted on what name to keep and bryan was the only one who voted for left out (I loved the concept). Basically this was the end of left out. They've played a few shows under the name performing old songs from left out and the blamed's 1st two albums. They did a handful of dates in europe after the end. Bryan says he'll play a left out show again, but no one really cares anymore, "we've been forgotten."
There is some various songs that were recorded for various comps, the boot to head records one is the best as it features one21.
Return.
There is currently no plans for a return of the original left out band.
Reviews.
"Allmusic" reports that the band produces "some of the toughest and most energetic Christian music committed to album." 
The band shared many members with the Blamed and Crashdog, and at first seemed to be a side project of those bands, but with their second release the group began to innovate their sound. By their third album they had become, in the words of "Encyclopedia of Contemporary Christian Music", "more like an actual band" rather that a side project. One track of "For the Working Class" included Black Willie from the Christian rap group Cauzin' Efekt. One reviewer stated that the track proves that punk and rap don't mix, stating that Willie "sounds like a death metal singer who has been sucking on helium," and called it annoying and unsettling. Lyrically the band was all over the spectrum, attacking everything from smoking to the goth scene.

</doc>
<doc id="20265361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265361" title="United States presidential election in Vermont, 2008">
United States presidential election in Vermont, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Vermont took place on November 4, 2008 concurrent with the federal election in all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Vermont was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with 67.46%, to Republican John McCain's 30.45%, a Democratic victory margin of 37.01%. 
Obama carried every county by more than 60 percent of the vote with the exception of Essex County, which he won with 56 percent. He also broke 70% in 3 counties. 
A very liberal Northeastern state, Vermont was the second most Democratic state in the nation, weighing in as a whopping 30% more Democratic than the national average in the 2008 election.
Obama's landslide win in Vermont outperformed Lyndon Johnson's 1964 Democratic landslide in the state, making the results of 2008 the strongest Democratic victory in Vermont's history. 
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
Obama won every single pre-election poll, and each with a double digit margin of victory. The final 3 polls averaged Obama leading 59% to 35%.
Fundraising.
Obama raised a total of $2,071,271 in the state. McCain raised $206,395.
Advertising and visits.
Neither campaign spent any money on advertising in Vermont. Neither campaign visited the state.
Analysis.
Vermont was once the quintessential Yankee Republican state. It identified with the newly formed GOP in 1856 and remained in the Republican fold for over 130 years. From 1856 to 1988, it only voted for a Democrat once, in Lyndon Johnson's 44-state landslide of 1964. Vermont and Maine were the only states that Franklin D. Roosevelt didn't carry in any of his four elections.
However, the brand of Republicanism practiced in the Green Mountain State has historically been a moderate one. Coupled with an influx of more liberal newcomers from out of state, this made Vermont considerably friendlier to Democrats as the national GOP moved further to the right. After narrowly supporting George H. W. Bush in 1988, Vermont gave Bill Clinton a 16-point margin in 1992. Republicans have not seriously contested the state since then, and Vermont is now reckoned as part of the solid bloc of blue states in New England. As a measure of how Democratic Vermont has become, George W. Bush is the only Republican president to win election without carrying Vermont; in both of his campaigns, he lost the state by a substantial margin. 
The 2008 race kept this tradition going. Obama won with 67 percent of the vote to McCain's 30 percent. Vermont was Obama's second-best state and his best in the contiguous 48 states; only topped by the staggering 71 percent he received in Hawaii. The Obama-Biden ticket won every county in the state, including several north eastern counties which had a history of voting Republican. Obama also performed better than John Kerry in every county.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Vermont, as they do in every state, cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Vermont is allocated three electors because it has one congressional district and two senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 3 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 3 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were elected at large as members of the Electoral College from the state. All three were pledged to Barack Obama and Joe Biden:

</doc>
<doc id="20265364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265364" title="Aşağı Daşkəsən">
Aşağı Daşkəsən

Aşağı Daşkəsən (or Nerkin-Karagat) is a village in the municipality of Daşkəsən qəsəbə in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20265371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265371" title="Çaykənd, Dashkasan">
Çaykənd, Dashkasan

Çaykənd (known as Kətişen, Ketashen or Ketishen until 1992) 

</doc>
<doc id="20265372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265372" title="Brown Mountain forest">
Brown Mountain forest

The Brown Mountain forest is located in East Gippsland, Victoria (Australia), and is notable for containing large tracts of old growth forest, including over fifty Shining Gum trees estimated to be over 300 years old.
Fauna.
The eucalypt forest provides key habitat for rare and threatened species such as the Powerful Owl, the Spotted Quoll, mainland Australia's largest marsupial carnivore, and the Long-footed Potoroo. Other animals of note that inhabit the area include: Yellow-bellied Glider, Southern Boobook, Mountain Brushtail Possum, Sambar deer (introduced), Greater Glider and Sugar Glider.
Flora and logging activity.
Trees in Brown Mountain are at least 500 years old, according to a radiocarbon dating carried out by University of Waikato. The test was done on a tree felled in 2009, and is possibly the first test of its kind on an Australian tree. The test results said there was an 84% chance the tree was between 500 and 600 years old. Previously no definitive ages could be placed on the old growth trees of the area. The results may have impacts on the management of the area.
Some parts of Brown Mountain are already protected within the Errinundra National Park, other sections of forest designated as old growth by the Department of Sustainability and Environment between Legges Road and the Errinundra Road are under the control of VicForests, with logging being allowed.
The logging of the forest has been contentious due to the impact on rare and threatened species, the impact on water supplies, the associated carbon emissions. Environmentalists have called for the unprotected Brown Mountain forest area to be incorporated into the National Park reserve system planned to link the Errinundra National Park with the Snowy River National Park. 
In 2008, logging recommenced in the Brown Mountain forest, despite Labor Party policy statements during the 2006 Victorian election campaign that they would protect Victoria's last remaining stands of old growth forest available for logging.
Environment Minister Gavin Jennings confirmed that logging the Brown Mountain forest was contentious in his answer to questions in parliament from Greens MP Sue Pennicuik about the logging in progress.
East Gippsland's "Eucalyptus nitens" forest biomass contains at least 700 (and possibly up to 2000) tonnes carbon per hectare ("green carbon") above ground. Recovery of the carbon debt from clearing intact natural eucalypt forests through afforestation or reforestation takes more than 100 years. Research into the age class structure of Brown Mountain's trees and the forest's carbon capacity is ongoing. 85% of the wood harvested in Victoria's forests is converted to woodchip (mostly for use in paper), sawdust and waste.
A temporary injunction on logging was ordered on September 14, 2009 by Justice Jack Forrest, after the environmental group Environment East Gippsland sued state-owned timber agency VicForests in the Supreme Court, arguing it would be failing its duty to protect native animals if it logged the two remaining coups as planned.

</doc>
<doc id="20265375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265375" title="Jeff Cambridge">
Jeff Cambridge

Jeff Cambridge (born 22 November 1966) is a retired Canadian association football player who earned 7 caps for the Canadian national side between 1984 and 1987. He played club football for Winnipeg Fury.
Cambridge has been active since retiring as a youth soccer coach in London, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="20265376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265376" title="Domestic energy assessor">
Domestic energy assessor

Domestic Energy Assessor (DEA)
Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) as part of a Home Information Pack (HIP) whenever a domestic property is built or put onto the market in England and Wales (a similar requirement for homes that are to be let will follow next year). Only accredited and suitably qualified DEAs (and existing Home Inspectors) will be allowed to carry out the Energy Assessment of the 1 million plus homes which come to the market each year–so the potential is enormous.
DEAs will collect data on the dimensions, construction, heating and hot water provision of the property,and enter the information into an approved software programme. This, in turn, will produce the EPC. The first part of the certificate is a benchmarked measure of the home’s energy performance on a scale A to G, where A is very efficient and G is at the other end of the spectrum.
The second part of the EPC is cost effective recommendations for improving the energy performance of the home, information on renewable energy and recommendations on energy efficient behavior. The DEA will have to interpret whether these are practical for his/her client.
The importance of the role of the DEA
Domestic Energy Assessors will be commissioned by
householders or their agents to visit homes, initially those
that are about to come onto the market. The owners will
be obliged to make EPCs and advisory reports available
to buyers, and later to tenants.
In this way, DEAs will be a key part of helping homebuyers,
homeowners and tenants contribute to the “green agenda”.
Research confirms that householders want to know about
the energy efficiency of their homes, and about how they
can make improvements–just what the DEAs and the EPCs
will provide.
Domestic Energy Assessors - In Practice'
What Skills and Knowledge are needed?
These are defined in the National Occupational Standards
(NOS).
The NOS are a specification of both the technical knowledge
and the skills required to be a competent DEA They include a
requirement to understand the legal background to the role,
to possess relevant interpersonal skills and make accurate
judgments consistently, aided by the software, on the
recommendations for cost effective improvement measures.
They may be downloaded free of charge from the Asset Skills
Energy Assessors website .
Where to obtain training to achieve a qualification?
DEA qualifications will be provided by three awarding
bodies–the Awarding Body for the Built Environment
(ABBE), City and Guilds and the National Association of Estate Agents (NAEA). Each will include a multiple choice examination and detailed assessment of not
less than five EPCs.
Many providers in both the public (usually Further Education Colleges) and private sector are offering
or planning to offer training to become a DEA.
Professional bodies and private providers will also do
the same, whilst larger companies will almost certainly
provide the learning in-house.
Asset Skills, awarding bodies and professional associations can all give advice about how to locate
training relevant to your needs and where you live.
The amount of training you require will depend on
your current level of skills and knowledge–obviously
much less for an experienced practitioner than
someone entering the world of Energy Assessment
and buildings for the first time.
Some funding support may be available in certain
circumstances–approach your local or regional
Learning and Skills Council (LSC) or in Wales,
the Welsh Assembly Government.
What happens after qualification?
In order to practise, DEAs will need to join an
accreditation body.
This will entail a check that the individual is fit and
proper and a commitment to maintaining appropriate
Professional Indemnity, updating your skills and
knowledge regularly (CPD), participating in the
accrediting body’s quality assurance scheme, and
abiding by their advice and guidance.
References.
Energy Assessor
Energy Assessor

</doc>
<doc id="20265384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265384" title="Gəlinqaya">
Gəlinqaya

Gəlinqaya is a village in the municipality of Qabaqtəpə in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20265387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265387" title="Dəvrallı">
Dəvrallı

Dəvrallı is a village in the municipality of Tapan in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20265390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265390" title="Rəsullu, Dashkasan">
Rəsullu, Dashkasan

Rəsullu is a village in the municipality of Qabaqtəpə in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20265393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265393" title="1991 Eastern League season">
1991 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Albany/Colonie Yankees defeated the Harrisburg Senators 3 games to 0 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Note: Green shade indicates that team advanced to the playoffs; Bold indicates that team advanced to ELCS; Italics indicates that team won ELCS
Playoffs.
Semi-Finals Series.
The Albany/Colonie Yankees defeated the Hagerstown Suns 3 games to 0. 
The Harrisburg Senators defeated the Canton-Akron Indians 3 games to 1.
Championship Series.
The Albany/Colonie Yankees defeated the Harrisburg Senators in the ELCS 3 games to 0.

</doc>
<doc id="20265394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265394" title="Suqovuşan, Dashkasan">
Suqovuşan, Dashkasan

Suqovuşan (known as Gedəmiş or Gedamish until 1992)

</doc>
<doc id="20265439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265439" title="Play with Bootsy">
Play with Bootsy

Play With Bootsy is an album by Parliament-Funkadelic bassist Bootsy Collins. The album was originally released in 2002 by East-West Records, which is distributed by the Warner Music Group in Germany and by Warner Music-Japan. It was later released in the U.S. by Thump Records. The album represents Bootsy's 12th studio album. The album features a number of prominent rappers/musicians including Snoop Dogg, Fat Joe, Daz, Bobby Womack, Chuck D, and Lady Miss Kier from Deee Lite.

</doc>
<doc id="20265444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265444" title="Coaches of the London and North Eastern Railway">
Coaches of the London and North Eastern Railway

The London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) inherited several styles of coaching stock from its constituents. Sir Nigel Gresley continued the styles that he had established pre-grouping at the Great Northern Railway (GNR) and for the East Coast Joint Stock.
Coaches inherited from pre-grouping companies.
Various types of coaches were inherited from pre-grouping companies.
Ex-Great North of Scotland Railway.
Two GNSR six-wheel coaches of c.1896 are preserved on the Strathspey Railway. The GNSR Royal Saloon of 1898 is preserved by the Scottish Railway Preservation Society at Bo'ness.
Ex-East Coast Joint Stock.
A number of these vehicles remain extant on various heritage railways including the NYMR and the Embsay and Bolton Abbey Steam Railway in addition to the NRM, some being over 100 years old.
Ex-Great Northern Railway.
Amongst other GNR coaches elsewhere Corridor Composite 2701 is fully restored and operational on the Severn Valley Railway. After withdrawal from main line service it was converted to Camp Coach 157 and located at Mundesley, Norfolk.
Great Northern Railway Lavatory Composite Brake No. 2856 is with the Vintage Carriage Trust at Ingrow on the Keighley and Worth Valley Railway.
Coaches built by the LNER.
Quadart stock.
Gresley first introduced articulation in passenger stock in 1907 using converted vehicles, but in 1911 he produced some articulated suburban stock for the GNR. These were articulated pairs and were later rebuilt as four-coach ('Quadart') units. From 1921–9 further 'Quadart' compartment stock was built with an eventual total of 97 GNR and LNER sets.
Two 'Quadarts' formed an eight-coach train. Because of their high seating capacity they were popular with the operators and some continued in traffic until April 1966. One set is preserved on the Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway at Sheringham.
Standard corridor stock.
The standard LNER corridor coach design was finalised in 1923, using a 60 ft underframe, though some for use on the Great Eastern were on 51 ft underframes. The LNER standard coach was in advance of those of the other three of the Big Four by virtue of the Pullman gangways and buckeye couplers. The wooden teak-panelled body with squared mouldings and windows was more traditional than modern, particularly as the LNER persisted with this construction until 1942. In fact, there were few differences in design over the 1923-42 period, apart from an increase in body width to 9 ft 3in after 1927. All these standard coaches were mounted on Gresley double-bolster 8 ft 6in bogies. The general service stock was withdrawn by 1965. Several examples are preserved.
Observation saloons.
In 1937, the LNER built two observation coaches at Doncaster Works for use on "The Coronation" express passenger train during the summer months. Looking quite different to the teak coaches, they in many respects resembled the LNER Class A4 locomotives that hauled the train. The carriages had a conventional corridor connection at one end and a deeply glazed tapered end at the other, so many enthusiast referred to them as "Beavertails". Both were fitted out with Art-deco styling and a luxury bar/lounge combination.
During the Second World War both were put in store and, in 1959, E1719E was rebuilt by British Railways with larger panoramic windows for West Highland Line specials. The other coach, numbered E1729E, went into a long period of storage at Steamtown, Carnforth. Both coaches survive today in the hands of Railway Vehicle Preservations Ltd on the preserved Great Central Railway, Loughborough, where they allow first class ticket holders to travel in restored E1719E. After many negotiations E1729E is now at Barrow Hill, undergoing restoration into its as-built condition, with completion planned for 2012.
Pigeon vans.
Pigeon vans (British Rail TOPS classification: BGP) were fairly common rail vehicles on the LNER, which built dozens in the late 1930s and early 1940s. Although designed for transporting racing pigeons to release locations, with very little modification they could also carry mail or other freight. The first batch was made of teak wood, treated with varnish, but the economic climate of World War II meant that many batches were built with steel bodies to the same basic design.
Preservation.
One steel-built pigeon van has been preserved, as have at least 14 of the teak coaches. A number of pigeon vans have been restored and are used on heritage railways as guard's vans on passenger trains and mail drop recreations.
The Severn Valley Railway has a complete rake of LNER teak coaches including Buffet No. 643, Kitchen Composite No. 7960, Open Thirds Nos, 24105, 43600, 43612, 52250 along with former pre-grouping GNR composite No. 2701.
Even the North Yorkshire Moors Railway has a few of them.

</doc>
<doc id="20265451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265451" title="Ludlow, New Brunswick">
Ludlow, New Brunswick


</doc>
<doc id="20265473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265473" title="Andries Hoogerwerf">
Andries Hoogerwerf

Andries Hoogerwerf (29 August 1906 – 5 February 1977) was a Dutch athlete, naturalist, ornithologist and conservationist who spent much of his working life in the Dutch East Indies and Dutch New Guinea.
Hoogerwerf's athletics career lasted from the early 1920s until 1930, during which period he competed in middle-distance running events. In 1923 Hoogerwerf established his first Dutch national record, completing the 800 metres in 1:56.6. In the 1000 metres event he improved the Dutch record even three times, starting with 2:40.2 in 1929 and ending in 2:35.2 in 1930. In 1930 he finally also improved the Dutch 1500 metres record from 4:10.6 into 4:08.6. 
Hoogerwerf competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam as a member of the Dutch 4 x 400 metres relay team. The team was eliminated in the qualifications.
In 1927, 1929 and 1930 Andries Hoogerwerf was Dutch 800 metres champion. Besides he was also a member of the 4 x 400 metres relay team of his club "HAV" that captured the Dutch title in 1926, 1927 en 1929.
In 1931 Hoogerwerf moved to Java in the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia) where he worked at the Bogor Botanical Gardens. He was appointed the nature protection officer of the colony’s nature reserves in 1935, and is especially associated with Ujung Kulon National Park, Indonesia’s first, and the conservation of the Javan Rhinoceros.
Hoogerwerf returned to the Netherlands in 1957, although continuing to visit Indonesia. He was also stationed from October 1962 to April 1963 at the Agricultural Experimental Station at Manokwari in Dutch New Guinea, serving as its Scientific Officer. He eventually settled at the town of Castricum in the Netherlands where he died of cardiac arrest in 1977. He is commemorated in the names of Hoogerwerf's Rat ("Rattus hoogerwerfi") and the Hoogerwerf's Pheasant ("Lophura hoogerwerfi").
Publications.
As well as numerous reports and some 250 scientific papers, books authored by Hoogerwerf include:

</doc>
<doc id="20265485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265485" title="1895–96 Ottawa Hockey Club season">
1895–96 Ottawa Hockey Club season

The 1895–96 Ottawa Hockey Club season was the club's 11th season of play. Ottawa placed second in the league.
Team business.
At the team annual meeting, the following officers were elected:
Source: 
Season.
Highlights.
After playing both goal and forward in the previous season, Harry Westwick played forward only and he responded with 8 goals. Alf Smith was close behind with 7 goals. Fred Chittick played all eight games for Ottawa.
Ottawa was the only team to defeat the Montreal Victorias, defeating them 3–2 in Montreal before 5000 fans. The Victorias won the return match in Ottawa by the same 3–2 score.
Roster.
Source: Kitchen(2008), p. 341

</doc>
<doc id="20265486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265486" title="Please Help Me, I'm Falling (album)">
Please Help Me, I'm Falling (album)

"Please Help Me I'm Falling" is the title of a recording by American country music singer Hank Locklin, released in 1960. It marks Locklin's first release considered part of the Nashville Sound.
Included are Locklin's previous hit singles "Send Me the Pillow That You Dream On,", "Livin' Alone", "It's a Little More Like Heaven", and "Please Help Me, I'm Falling", all placing in the Country Singles Top 10.

</doc>
<doc id="20265492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265492" title="R. Jothimuni">
R. Jothimuni

R. Jothimuni was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Matara.
Jothimuni made a single first-class appearance, during the 1998-99 season. In the two innings in which he batted, he scored a duck and four runs, after a pair of former Sri Lankan international players, Dulip Samaraweera and Chaminda Mendis, put on 373 runs for the only wicket that fell in the first innings of the match.

</doc>
<doc id="20265493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265493" title="Krishan Imdika">
Krishan Imdika

Krishan Imdika (born Saralanthi Pathiranage Krishan Imdika on July 6, 1976) was a Sri Lankan cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a left-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Colts Cricket Club. He was born in Gampaha.
Imdika made a single first-class appearance, during the 1998-99 season, against Matara. Batting in the lower order, he did not make an appearance in the first innings and scored a duck in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20265497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265497" title="HMS Scotsman">
HMS Scotsman

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Scotsman", after an inhabitant of Scotland:

</doc>
<doc id="20265505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265505" title="UK Adult Film and Television Awards">
UK Adult Film and Television Awards

The UK Adult Film and Television Awards (UKAFTA) were an annual awards ceremony for the UK adult industry. Redzone Pictures and the UK Adult Producers Trade Association organised the awards to promote the industry in the UK. The inaugural awards show was held on 17 November 2006 at the Hammersmith Palais, London and was hosted by porn actor and director Ben Dover. There are around 30 award categories, honouring performance, production and technical achievements in film, television and the Internet. Notable award nominees include the TV series "The Secret Diary of a Call Girl", starring Billie Piper, which was nominated for Best Softcore Production at the 2007 Awards. The 2008 Awards were held at The Troxy, London on 20 November 2008 and were hosted by the actress Kate Robbins. The 2008 awards were the last to be held, with one commentator in 2013 attributing the awards demise to insufficient financial backing or bad planning and promotion
2006 winners.
Performers
Production
2007 winners.
Performers
Production
TV and Internet
2008 winners.
Performers
Production
TV and Internet
External links.
__notoc__

</doc>
<doc id="20265514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265514" title="Arthur Comyns Carr">
Arthur Comyns Carr

Arthur Strettell Comyns Carr (19 September 1882 – 20 April 1965) was a British Liberal politician and lawyer.
Family and education.
Comyns Carr was the son of J. Comyns Carr, a dramatist and art critic. His mother, Alice Laura Strettell (1850–1927) was a novelist. He was born in Marylebone and educated at Winchester College and Trinity College, Oxford. In 1907 he married Cicely Raikes Bromage, the daughter of a clergyman. They had three sons including Richard Strettell Comyns Carr who was the second husband of the avant garde English novelist Barbara Comyns Carr.
Career.
In 1908, Comyns Carr was called to the Bar at Grays Inn. He became a King’s Counsel in 1924, a Bencher of the Inn in 1938 and eventually Treasurer in 1951. Comyns Carr’s reputation as a barrister was confirmed in a libel action brought by Horatio Bottomley against an associate named Reuben Bigland. Carr’s cross-examination of Bottomley and another key witness destroyed his case and was instrumental in Bottomley’s eventual imprisonment on charges of fraud and his expulsion from the House of Commons. Comyns Carr later began to specialize in the law relating to local taxation and as a result of appearing in landmark rating appeals he was engaged as counsel to government departments. He also became an expert in the subject of national insurance. Much later Comyns Carr was a prosecutor in trials of German and Japanese war criminals, and he was knighted for this work in 1949.
War service.
At the outbreak of the First World War Comyns Carr he joined the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve and later served on the staff at the Ministry of Munitions. He also acted as an adviser to the Ministry of Reconstruction. In the last months of the war he joined the army as a private soldier but did not serve overseas.
Politics.
Comyns Carr’s expertise in National Insurance led him to co-author a book on the subject in 1912 to which David Lloyd George wrote the preface. He was a member of the Liberal land inquiry committee of 1912 and also sat on the land acquisition committee in 1917.
His ambition to become a Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) led Comyns Carr to stand for Parliament on eleven occasions in all. He first stood for election in 1918 in St Pancras South West against a Conservative opponent who had received the Coalition Coupon and fought the same seat again in 1922. At the 1923 general election Comyns Carr had his only success, becoming Liberal MP for Islington East turning a Unionist majority of nearly 4,000 into a Liberal majority of 1,632 but he lost the seat at the general election of 1924 like many other Liberals swept away as British politics seemed to be reverting to its traditional two party model. In 1928, he was Liberal candidate at the by-election for the constituency of Ilford and fought the seat again in the general election of the following year.
In 1930, Comyns Carr published an influential and controversial booklet, "Escape from the Dole", which gained him significant public attention. In it he queried the policy of spending large sums of money supporting the unemployed when the government could be investing in providing work for them. He then challenged Winston Churchill in his constituency at Epping in the 1931 general election and in 1935 he suffered his heaviest defeat ever at Nottingham East. In June 1936 he was elected to serve on the Liberal Party Council. He stood again in 1945 when he lost at Shrewsbury. In October 1945 he was a candidate at another by-election, this time in the City of London.
Other public appointments.
In later life Comyns Carr served as chairman of the Foreign Compensation Commission (1950–1958) and was a president of the Institute of Industrial Administration and of the Association of Approved Societies. He was also President of the Liberal Party in 1958-59. Comyns-Carr was also one of the British prosecutors at the Tokyo Trials.
Death.
He died in Hampstead on 20 April 1965. A memorial service was held for him in the chapel of Gray’s Inn on 24 May 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20265540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265540" title="Ryonggang County">
Ryonggang County

Ryonggang County is a county in South Pyongan Province, North Korea. It is administered as a part of Namp'o. It is famous for its local apples.
Administrative divisions.
Ryonggang-kun is divided into one town (ŭp) and several villages (ri).
Transport.
Ryonggang Station is on the Pyongnam Line railway.

</doc>
<doc id="20265542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265542" title="1990 Eastern League season">
1990 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The London Tigers defeated the New Britain Red Sox three games to zero to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:<br>
Playoffs.
Semi-Finals Series.
London Tigers defeated the Canton-Akron Indians 3 games to 2. 
New Britain Red Sox defeated the Albany/Colonie Yankees 3 games to 2.
Championship Series.
London Tigers defeated the New Britain Red Sox 3 games to 0.

</doc>
<doc id="20265550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265550" title="Beta Lacertae">
Beta Lacertae

Beta Lacertae (Beta Lac, β Lacertae, β Lac) is the fourth brightest star in the constellation of Lacerta. It is a G-type giant with an apparent visual magnitude of approximately 4.43.
Naming.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Flying Serpent", refers to an asterism consisting of β Lacertae, α Lacertae, 4 Lacertae, π2 Cygni, π1 Cygni, HD 206267, ε Cephei, σ Cassiopeiae, ρ Cassiopeiae, τ Cassiopeiae, AR Cassiopeiae, 9 Lacertae, 3 Andromedae, 7 Andromedae, 8 Andromedae, λ Andromedae, κ Andromedae, ι Andromedae, and ψ Andromedae. Consequently, β Lacertae itself is known as (, )

</doc>
<doc id="20265566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265566" title="HMS Scout">
HMS Scout

Twelve ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Scout":

</doc>
<doc id="20265583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265583" title="Second opinion">
Second opinion

A second opinion is an opinion on a matter disputed by two or more parties.
Law.
In legal cases, a second opinion which contradicts the opinion of a jointly retained expert may be disregarded as not being impartial.
Consumer rights.
In cases such as car repairs, a second opinion should be obtained in writing, and the original garage given an opportunity to rectify matters. In the case of clients' disputes with domestic building contractors, the builder may seek a second opinion to confirm their view.
Medicine.
A second opinion can be visit to a physician other than the one a patient has previously been seeing in order to get more information or to hear a differing point-of-view. Second opinions may be sought by a patient under the following circumstances:
Workplace disputes.
Second opinions may also be obtained by employers.
Professional mediation.
Professional mediators may be asked for second opinions regarding whether to proceed to trial or seek a settlement instead.

</doc>
<doc id="20265589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265589" title="XT (band)">
XT (band)

XT was a metal band from Sweden. It was formed by Bjorn Stiggson and Sonny Larson in 1991, following the breakup of Stiggson's earlier band Leviticus.
The band, whose name means "Christ" released three albums before their breakup in 1995. They became better known in Japan than either Europe or the United States.
Prior to forming XT, Sonny Larson had been involved in a few other Swedish metal bands as lead vocalist. While in Motherlode (1983–1987) he worked with Mark Stanway, who was later in the British melodic rock band Magnum. Motherlode released one album, "Sanctuary", in 1986. Following Motherlode, he joined Charizma and stayed with them until 1988.
Beyond Leviticus and XT, Stigsson also released a solo project in 1986 called "Together With Friends".

</doc>
<doc id="20265620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265620" title="The Surplus">
The Surplus

"The Surplus" is the tenth episode of the fifth season of the television series "The Office", and the show's eighty-second episode overall. The episode aired in the United States on December 4, 2008 on NBC.
In this episode, the office is at odds over whether to spend a budget surplus on new chairs or a new photocopier, with Jim, Pam, and Oscar in particular trying to convince Michael how to spend the money. Meanwhile, Andy and Angela visit Schrute Farms to discuss their wedding plans.
Synopsis.
Oscar (Oscar Nunez) informs Michael (Steve Carell) that the office must spend a $4300 surplus or lose it in next year's budget. When Michael opens up the floor for suggestions, factions break out and officemates square off against one another in order to get what they want. Oscar suggests that they replace the copier while Pam (Jenna Fischer) suggests they buy new chairs. Jim (John Krasinski) takes Oscar's side, much to Pam's shock, because he started making copies himself since he and Pam started dating (asking Pam to make copies makes him feel awkward) and knows how bad the copier is, while the rest of the employees side with Pam. Toby (Paul Lieberstein) is the only employee who does not choose a side. He instead suggests that they get the air quality in the office tested saying that there is radon coming from downstairs and asbestos coming from the ceiling, and calls them "silent killers", to which Michael replies that Toby is the silent killer. Pam notices the copier malfunctioning when she uses it, but still wants to replace the chairs. Michael does not choose a side, because he does not want to be the bad guy, so both sides start warming up to him to win him over. Jim and Oscar take Michael out for lunch, while Pam puts on more make-up and starts to hit on Michael.
Meanwhile, Angela (Angela Kinsey) and Andy (Ed Helms) visit Schrute Farms to discuss wedding plans with Dwight (Rainn Wilson). Dwight holds a mock wedding in a barn, with Dwight playing Andy and Andy playing Angela's father. An Amish minister who only speaks German plays the minister and performs the mock-ceremony. Dwight goes through the steps of the wedding, putting a ring made of twine on Angela's finger and having them both say "I do" to each other. Angela appears to be very happy with Dwight and tells him that she made a mistake getting together with Andy. Dwight acknowledges her mistake and tells her that the mock wedding was an actual wedding since Andy technically acted as their witness and the supposedly fake minister was actually marrying them in German. He tells her that this was why he allowed her to have her wedding to Andy on his farm, and she angrily storms off. Back in the office, Angela passionately kisses Andy in front of everybody and tells him that she is going into town to take care of a "legal issue" (presumably annulling her marriage to Dwight).
Michael still remains indecisive regarding what to buy, so he brings in a third party: Hank (Hugh Dane) the security guard. However, Hank is more interested in staying in the warm office than making a decision so Michael calls CFO David Wallace to help settle the matter. David informs Michael that he has the option of turning in the surplus, which would result in him getting paid a bonus equal to 15% of it. Michael then tells the employees that he is not going to replace the copier nor the chairs, but Oscar realizes that Michael now knows about the 3rd option (Michael says "645 dollars" when Oscar asks him what 15% of 4300 is instead of just saying 645). Michael becomes indecisive again and, unable to take the employees' intrusive behavior anymore, delegates the decision-making to them, hoping that they will be unable to come to a consensus by the day's end and enable him to take the bonus. The employees quickly decide to have the chairs replaced instead of remaining deadlocked, which upsets Michael. Later Michael is shown to be wearing a fur coat he had bought in anticipation of receiving the bonus, which had fake blood thrown on it by activists.
Throughout the day, Jim and Pam try to get each other to switch sides. Pam gives Jim a scare, implying that he should switch to her side. Jim later shudders in a talking head spot, amazed at Pam's ultimatum, and Pam is nasty towards Jim during the entire debate. At the end of the episode, Jim gets back at Pam for successfully getting her way and having the chairs replaced by having her make three copies of a document on the copier, initially telling her he is kidding. He then reveals that he actually needs four copies, doing so in the same way Pam had mock-threatened him earlier.
Reception.
"The Surplus" was voted the eighth highest-rated episode out of 26 from the fifth season, according to an episode poll at the fansite "OfficeTally"; the episode was rated 8.42 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="20265625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265625" title="Christian Mititelu">
Christian Mititelu

Christian Gheorghe Mititelu (b. Bucharest, April 11, 1944) is a Romanian journalist. He was the director of Romanian department of the BBC.
Education and career.
He attended Polytechnic University of Bucharest between 1962-1967. Then he worked as engineer for F.E.A. Bucharest (1968-1969) and G.E.C. Automation Paris (1970-1971). 
From 1972 until 2008, he worked for BBC World Service, first as redactor (1972-1984) and then as director of Romanian section of BBC (1984-1991 and 1993-2004). Also, Christian Mititelu worked for the BBC until August 2008. 
He is also the president of the Civic Alliance of Romania and a member of the Romanian Press League. Mititelu is a member of the National Audiovisual Council of Romania as well. He was appointed in this position by the Romanian Government in October 2008. 
He is married and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20265628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265628" title="AERSP 404H">
AERSP 404H

AERSP 404H is offered by the Pennsylvania State University as "Flight Vehicle Design and Fabrication II", as an upper-level engineering design and capstone course. This course receives funding as a member of the Space Grant Colleges and Pennsylvania Space Grant Consortium. Projects currently revolve around the Kremer prize and manned gliders.
Origins.
The Department of Aerospace Engineering of The Pennsylvania State University has offered, in its undergraduate curriculum, a rather unique flight vehicle design and fabrication course that attempts to provide aerospace-engineering students with a training that is both comprehensive and applied. The course has a strong "hands-on" component, with students designing and fabricating modern high-performance sailplanes. Students experience the cooperative, multi-disciplinary team environment that is essential for solving problems related to the design of an aerospace vehicle.
The course concept is based on similar student groups at German universities, the Akademischen Fliegergruppen (Academic Flying Groups) or, abbreviated, the Akafliegs. The members of these groups concern themselves with the design, construction, testing, and flying of modern sailplanes. Although not part of the official curriculum at their respective school, the groups receive some logistical support from their institutions. In brief, organizational structure is similar to that of an American Greek-letter social fraternity, except that the focus of interest revolves around soaring. At eleven German colleges, these groups, some which have been in existence since the early 1920s, are strongly involved in sailplane related research, often with the support by the German Aerospace Research Center, DLR, which viewes these organizationthis as an effective and uncomplicated way of training future engineers.
In 1990, a report from the Engineering Coalition of Schools for Excellence in Engineering Leadership (ECSEL) found that American schools didn't promote group work, creativity or hands-on training. Maughmer and another Penn State faculty member created the course to combat these shortcomings.
The course doesn't rely on traditional tests or even a set course syllabus. Instead, specific lectures are given to address whatever problems the students would be having in the construction of their gliders. Since then in inception of AERSP 404H, they students has started many projects and reached many milestones. Early on, work was focused on the design and testing of small radio-controlled gliders and the first full-scale student sailplane design.
Course Work.
Students work in 4-6 person groups that work on various projects. Projects include wing construction, propeller driven tricycle, wing loading test, rocket launched gliders, paper airplanes, and model aircraft. To a large part, the learning experience can be related to the integrated nature of the design course, as well as to the interaction of undergraduate students at all levels of the program.
There are three components to the course, lecture, design, and fabrication, meeting the official course objectives:
Lectures.
The main purpose of the lecture component is to provide the students with the theoretical background required for their design and fabrication activities. Hence, it is kept quite flexible in order to be able to address current needs and problems. The lecture emphasizes the basic theory of sailplanes and their design requirements. The challenge for the professor is to present lectures that provide a positive learning experience for the fourth-year, aerospace engineering student, who might have been in this course for the past four years, as well as to the freshmen, who might have no background at all in aerospace engineering.
After an introduction to basic sailplane related subjects, other topics are emphasized that are relevant to aircraft design, such as aerodynamics, stability and control, structural design, design and fabrication of composite structures, performance analysis of modern sailplanes, general design methods, and some sailplane history. For example, a brief description of existing sailplane designs makes the students appreciate the solution found by earlier designers facing similar problems.
Students learn in class about the basic design criteria of sailplanes. This knowledge is then applied by the students in their the design groups.
Beyond these technical tasks, the lecture also covers other, less obvious, but important engineering skills. These instructions include basic and general aircraft-design principles, technical report writing, presentation methods, as well as professionalism and ethics. Besides the formal lecturing, the students' skills and abilities in these subjects are constantly challenged through their design and fabrication activities.
Lectures topics include:
Design Groups.
The second component is concerned with design groups of four to six students, in which the students design and analyze sailplanes, such as their performance, structure, stability and control, etc. Students are encouraged to constantly think about design and learn "to feel" the right answer before calculations and to create a small community with all skill levels similar to the Akaflieg. Small design projects reinforce this methodology, with projects such as paper airplanes. Furthermore many design projects take more than one semester to complete, and can typically the span two to three years in length.
Fabrication.
The third component is the fabrication of parts that have been designed and analyzed theoretically. An engineering lab is currently assigned for fabrication, however students utilize various other locations such as the Penn State Learning Factory. Common fabrication tools include hot-wire foam cutter, belt sander, vacuum engineering tools and drill press.
Previous Projects.
The PSU Griffin.
In the early 1990s, the class was tasked with designing and fabricating a high-performance sailplane. The Griffin is the name given to the first sailplane this class designed. This name was selected over the less politically correct moniker "The Iterator" which reflected group frustration over a lack of progress toward fabrication of a full scale vehicle. After the design was finished, a plug was made out of wood, foam, and fiberglass. From this, molds for the glider were then made. During the spring of 2001, the molds were used to produce a test cockpit section. This achievement marked the first time an actual glider component was produced from the class's original design.
Work on the Griffin curtailed over the recent years as more time was spent on assembling the Falcon and designing and Easy-to-Build sailplane. The plug for the Griffin now hangs above the low-speed wind tunnel in the basement of Hammond.
American Falcon.
The American Falcon was one of three sailplanes on which the class has been working on in the early 2000s. This glider was donated to the course after the wing of another sailplane of this design had prematurely failed during a structural-load test. The manufacturers of the plane found that the wings could not withstand the maximum loading plus the safety factors required by the FAA. The problem occurred at the wing's root rib, which is located at the wing/fuselage junction of the aircraft. The failure of the root rib has been a problem studied by several former design groups. Recommendations have been made by these groups and were implemented in lab.
The Falcon is a $24,000 kit plane; meaning the glider's major components arrived prefabricated. However, most of the control system and landing gear needs to be built. It is up to the class to actually assemble the glider. Most of this work is done during evening lab hours by different lab teams who specialize on a certain component.
Easy Build Sailplane.
At the start of the Fall 2001 semester, students began working on the design of an Easy-to-Build glider in design groups. The goal was to design a glider that can be completely fabricated by the class within two years. During Fall 2001 semester, four teams prepared and presented individual conceptual designs. From these four designs, the best two were chosen and work progressed on each during the Spring of 2002. With the two preliminary designs in hand, four different groups worked to consolidate the best features of each glider the of Fall 2002. Key design considerations included:
Detailed designs were worked in four different teams. Each team was assigned to a component of the glider. These components are the fuselage, wings, empennage, and control system. Design analysis limited amount of preliminary work is currently being done in lab as a forerunner to fabrication of the glider. It was designed to be constructed without using advanced fabrication methods. The final weight was 250 pounds and estimated cost of $(2001) 1850.
Spirit Wing Loading.
A Spirit Sailplane has been provided to conduct a wing loading test on an American Spirit XL glider. The spirit glider has a design flaw where the wing load is not carried symmetrically and failed at the static wing loading test with the root rib buckling at 5.9g. The failure is due to the load no adequately being transferred to boron root rib; summation of loads from lift force, bending movement, and torsional movement contributed to failure. The glider's owner performed a do-it-yourself repair on the wings and has commissioned the team to test the repair.
A steel jig will be constructed to mount the wings. The shear flow was calculated in 14 idealized sections. Moments were taken about a point to find the location of the shear center. 15 lb sand bags will then be distributed, based on shear flow calculations, along the underside of the wings to create a force equivalent to 6g. The shear center was calculated so that the wing will be loaded in pure bending with no induced torque.
Current projects.
AIAA Design Build Fly.
Penn State competes in the AIAA Design/Build/Fly competition. The Nittany Griffin and its design team traveled to Arizona in Spring 2007 for the competition. They finished 2nd in the Speed Event and 3rd in the Endurance Event. There were 50 Entrants in the Competition; 39 Showed up and 19 actually flew. The team finished 12th overall and MIT was awarded 1st prize.
Human-Powered Aircraft: Zephyrus.
The progress of the human-powered aircraft design has phased more and more toward the numerical analysis of the original parent aircraft based design. Previous human powered aircraft including the MIT Daedalus, the Gossamer Albatross, Musculairs I & II, and the Velair were researched during the design phase. Initial aerodynamic and structural concerns have been taken into account leading toward the further refinement of the wing, empennage, and fuselage design. In addition, propeller construction methods are being studied
in depth preparing for a finalized design and the beginning of the construction phase. A simulation program is being developed, and integrative techniques are being studied in an effort to effectively train the future pilot. An iterative process is being used to appropriately size the wing and tail taking into effect, in turn, aerodynamic and structural features. Important sizes at the present include a wing span of 17.5 m, wing area of 10.94 m2, root chord length of 0.75 m, taper ratio of 0.029, aspect ratio of 28 and empty weight of 26.5 kg. Flying characteristics include a lift coefficient of 0.8 at cruise (1.3 at stall), and a Reynolds number range from 350,000 to 725,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20265656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265656" title="Air Historical Branch">
Air Historical Branch

The Air Historical Branch (AHB) is the historical archive and records service of the Royal Air Force. 
First established in 1919, the AHB was responsible for creating the "Official History of British Air Operations in the First World War".
The branch moved from RAF Bentley Priory to RAF Northolt in 2008 after the closure of the former. The Air Historical Branch is tasked with the maintenance and preservation of the history of the RAF. It is part of the Royal Air Force Centre for Air Power Studies and is headed by Sebastian Cox.

</doc>
<doc id="20265699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265699" title="William Kiffin">
William Kiffin

William Kiffin (1616–1701), sometimes spelled William Kiffen, was a seventeenth-century English Baptist minister. He was also a successful merchant in the woollen trade.
Life.
He was born in London early in 1616. His family appears to have been of Welsh descent. Both his parents died of the plague which broke out in June 1625. His father left property which was invested by some relatives in their business; on their failure little was saved. Kiffin was apprenticed in 1629 to John Lilburne, then a brewer (note: this probably is inaccurate; Liliburne was the same age as Kiffin; he was also not a brewer until 1641ish); he left Lilburne in 1631, and seems to have been apprenticed to a glover (Kiffin became a Freeman of the Leathersellers' Company on 10 July 1638, having served an apprenticeship to John Smith, thought to have been a glover by trade). In 1631 Kiffin attended the sermons of many puritan divines, including John Davenport and Lewis du Moulin, but attached himself next year to John Goodwin the independent. He joined a religious
society of apprentices, and became (1638) a member of the separatist congregation gathered in Southwark by Henry Jacob and then ministered to by John Lothrop. Kiffin preached occasionally. In 1641-2, during the ministry of Henry Jessey, he and others became Baptists, but he remained a member of Jessey's church till 1644.
Early in 1641 he was arrested at a Southwark conventicle and committed by Judge Mallet to the White Lion prison, bail being refused. Mallet was himself committed to the Tower in the following July, whereupon Kiffin obtained his release. On 17 October 1642 he was one of four Baptist disputants encountered at Southwark by Daniel Featley.
In 1643 Kiffin began business in woollen cloth on his own account with Holland. He became rich. In 1647 he was parliamentary assessor of taxes for Middlesex. In 1649 he made good use of the five weeks' grace before the coming into force of restrictions upon the import of foreign goods. In 1652, on the outbreak of the first Anglo–Dutch War, he gained money and privileges by furnishing requisites for the English fleet. Meanwhile he was pursuing his religious labours. His name heads in 1644 the signatories to a confession of faith drawn up by seven churches "commonly (but unjustly) called anabaptists." Josiah Ricraft,
a presbyterian merchant, attacked him (1646)
as "the grand ringleader" of the baptists.
Thomas Edwards assailed
him in 1646 as a "mountebank," and as adopting
the "atheistical" practice of unction for
this recovery of the sick.
Kiffin had offered in vain (15 Nov. 1644) to
discuss matters publicly with Edwards in his
church (St. Botolph's, Aldgate). He joined
Hanserd Knollys in a public disputation
(1646) at Holy Trinity Church, Coventry, with
John Bryan, D.D., and Obadiah Grew,
D.D. In January 1649 parliament, in response to a petition from Ipswich, gave him liberty to preach in any part of Suffolk, where he travelled with Thomas Patience, his assistant.
He corresponded (1653) with the Baptist churches in Ireland and Wales. His settlement with the congregation, which, on 1 March 1667, opened a meeting-house in Meeting-house Yard, Devonshire Square, London, is usually dated in 1653. But as early as 1643 Kiffin and Patience ministered to this congregation, which consisted of seceders from Wapping practising close communion. He signed the declaration of 1651. On 12 July 1655 Kiffin was brought before Christopher Pack, the Lord Mayor, for preaching that infant baptism was unlawful, a heresy visited with severe penalties under the "draconick ordinance" of 1648. The execution of the penalty was indefinitely postponed. A pamphlet ("The Spirit of Persecution again Broke Loose", &c., 1655) contrasts this leniency with the severity used towards John Biddle. He was M.P. for Middlesex, 1656-8.
Between 1654 and 1659 Kiffin is spoken of as captain and lieutenant-colonel in the London militia. This may account for his arrest, and the seizure of arms at his house in Little Moorfields, shortly before the Restoration, in 1660, by order of Monck, who was quartered near him. He was released by order of the common council, and the arms were restored to him. A more serious trouble befell him later in the year. A forged letter, dated 21 December 1660, and professing to come from Taunton, implicated him in an alleged plot, following the death of the Princess of Orange (24 December). He was arrested on 29 December, and kept in the guard-house at Whitehall, but released on 31 Dec. by Sir Robert Foster, the chief justice, the date and other circumstances proving the letter a forgery. On 7 January 1661 Venner's insurrection broke out. Kiffin at once headed a "protestation" of London baptists, but nevertheless was arrested at his meeting-house and detained in prison for four days.
About 1663 he gave evidence before a committee of the House of Commons, and before the privy council, against granting to the "Hamburg Company" a monopoly of the woollen trade with Holland and Germany. His evidence permanently impressed Charles II in his favour, and gained him the goodwill of Clarendon. A year later he was arrested at the instance of George Villiers, 2nd Duke of Buckingham, on suspicion of being concerned in an anabaptist plot against the king's life. He wrote to Clarendon, and was at once released by the privy council, and though a prosecution was threatened nothing came of it. In 1669 his meeting-house was in Finsbury Court, Moorfields. On two occasions, in 1670 and 1682, Kiffin, when prosecuted for conventicle-keeping, successfully pleaded technical flaws. On two other occasions (one in 1673) he obtained interviews with the king, securing the suppression of a libel against Baptists, and the pardon of twelve Aylesbury baptists who had been sentenced to death under 35 Eliz. c. 1. Crosby relates that Charles wanted a loan of £40,000 from Kiffin, who made him a present of £10,000, and said afterwards that he had thus saved £30,000. In 1675 he took part
in a scheme for ministerial education among
baptists; and in the following year went
into Wiltshire, to aid in dealing with the
Socinian tendencies of Thomas Collier.
In 1683 his house was searched on suspicion
of his complicity with the Rye House plot;
his son-in-law, Joseph Hayes, a banker, was
tried for remitting money to Sir Thomas Armstrong, and narrowly escaped with
his life, "a jury of merchants" refusing to convict him. Treasonable letters
were forwarded to Kiffin; he at once placed
them in the hands of Judge Jeffreys. Two
of his grandsons, Benjamin and William
Howling, the former being just of age, were
executed (Benjamin at Taunton on 30 Sept.,
William at Lyme Regis on 12 Sept. 1686)
for having joined Monmouth's rebellion.
Kiffin offered £3,000 for their acquittal, but "missed the right door," not having gone to
Jeffreys. The latter is said to have remarked
to William Hewling: "You have a grandfather
who deserves to be hanged as richly
as you." Though his near relatives were thus
involved, Kiffin himself was neither a plotter
nor, in any active sense, a politician.
On the revocation (1685) of the edict of Nantes, Kiffin maintained at his own expense
an exiled Huguenot family of rank.
Both on constitutional and on anti-popish
grounds he refused to avail himself of James II's declaration for liberty of conscience
(April 1687), and did all in his power
to keep his denomination from countenancing
it; not a single baptist congregation admitted
the dispensing power, though prominent individual
baptists did, e.g. Nehemiah Cox. In
August 1687 James sent for Kiffin to court,
and told him he had included his name as an
alderman for the city of London in his new
charter. Kiffin pleaded his age and retirement
from business, and reminded the king
of the death of his grandsons. "I shall find,"
said James, "a balsam for that sore." Kiffin
was put into the commission of the peace and
the lieutenancy. He delayed four months
before qualifying as alderman, and did so at
length (27 Oct. 1687) because there was no
limit to the fine which might have been imposed
on him. He gave £50 towards the
lord mayor's feast, but would not have done
so had he known the papal nuncio (Count Ferdinando d'Adda) was invited. For nearly
a year he held office as alderman of Cheap
ward, being succeeded on 21 Oct. 1688 by
Sir Humphrey Edwin.
After the death of Patience (1666) he was assisted in his ministry by Daniel Dyke and Richard Adams (d. 1716). He resigned his charge in 1692. He died on 29 Dec. 1701 in his eighty-sixth year, and was buried in Bunhill Fields; the inscription on his tomb is given in John Stow's "Survey", ed. John Strype, 1720. His portrait was in 1808 in the possession of the Rev. Richard Frost of Dunmow, Essex, a descendant; an engraving is given in Wilson, and reproduced by William Orme and Joseph Ivimey. He married late in 1634; his wife, Hanna, died 6 Oct. 1682, aged 66. His eldest son William died 31 Aug. 1669, aged 20; his second son died at Venice, and was supposed to have been poisoned; Harry, another son, died on 8 Dec. 1698, aged 44. His daughter Priscilla (d. 15 March 1679) married Robert Liddel. His granddaughter, Rebecca Hewling, married Oliver Cromwell's grandson, Major Richard Cromwell.
Works.
He wrote prefaces to an edition of Samuel How's "The Sufficiency of the Spirit's Teaching", &c., 1640, 4to, and to "The Quakers Appeal Answered", &c., 1674, 8vo; and edited, with a continuation, the "Life of Hanserd Knollys",1692, 8vo.
He spelt his name Kiffen and (later) Kiffin, which is the form given in the 1677 directory; Featley calls him Cufin.
References.
Additional sources from DNB:

</doc>
<doc id="20265717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265717" title="Køge Friary">
Køge Friary

Køge Friary was a small Franciscan friary located in Køge, on the east coast of Zealand, Denmark.
History.
Køge received its privileges from the king in 1288, but was a relatively unimportant town until the 16th century when it began to grow with the assistance of several monarchs, and was successful in having several seasonal markets moved there from other nearby towns. In 1484 King Hans I of Denmark gave the Franciscans his farm at the west town gate ("Vesterport"). His mother, Queen Dorothea of Brandenburg, had developed a keen interest in the Franciscans and most of her own properties had been wrested from her control when her sons became kings of Denmark. It was at her behest that Vesterport was given by the king to the Franciscans. (It is unclear whether the property had been one of her own, or donated by the king on her behalf.)
Land for a burial ground was consecrated in 1485 next to the existing farm buildings. The friars modified the existing buildings, adding a chapel in 1509, one of the last Franciscan constructions in Denmark. The friary was dedicated to Saint Mary of Consolation and lay across from the Chapel of Saint Gertrude which had been built about 1330. In addition to the dormitory and refectory, the friars operated a small hospital. In 1523 Mogens Steen and his wife founded an almshouse called "Steen's Nooks" ("Steens boder") with apartments for six persons, which was attached to the friary.
The famous bell maker, Johannes Fastenow, cast the chapel bell in 1522. The inscription reads: "When I call (then) hasten the holy Franciscan Brethren to send up their praises and prayers to God. Johannes Fastenow cast me when Brother Bernhard was Guardian in the year of our Lord 1522 for St Mary, the comfortress, friary of the order of friars minor in the town of Køge. O honoured king, bring peace".
Dissolution.
In 1530 the town council applied to King Frederick I for a Lutheran pastor to be sent to Køge. The Franciscans were especially targeted for expulsion because many Danes objected to the additional donations requested by the "beggar monks" ("tiggermunker"), as some Danes derisively referred to the Franciscans and other mendicant orders It was apparent that the citizens of Køge wanted the Franciscans out of town, but were unwilling to force them out, at least early on. When they delayed, a date was set by which they should leave the friary. The Franciscans believed that they were tricked into leaving.
The friars fled to other religious houses or simply took off their habits and became ordinary Danes. One Brother Johannes from Køge went to other towns and provided information which resulted in the expulsion of his former brothers from their friaries. Denmark became officially Lutheran in October 1536. All religious houses including the abandoned friary became crown property. The friary was given to the town and converted into a hospital for common people.
In time the situation of the friary buildings made it a prime location and the town fathers applied to the crown to have the property turned over to the town for the construction of a new town hall. The friary was demolished and the material used to build the new town hall, commensurate with the growing importance of Køge as a port town. St. Gertrude's Chapel was demolished in 1552. The almshouse survived until 1860, when it was also demolished. The bell from the friary chapel was moved to the town hall and is still in use today.

</doc>
<doc id="20265741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265741" title="Fact-finding">
Fact-finding

Fact-finding is the job of a person or group of persons in a judicial or administrative proceeding that has or have the responsibility of determining the facts relevant to decide a controversy. The term trier of fact generally denotes the same function. The process is an extremely important part of the communication process.
History.
Fact-finding was first established during the Hague Convention of 1907 which dealt with international commissions of inquiry.
Declaration on Fact-finding by the United Nations.
On 9 December 1991, the General Assembly of the United Nations approved the "Declaration on Fact-finding by the United Nations in the Field of the Maintenance of International Peace and Security". The resolution emphasized
...that the ability of the United Nations to maintain international peace and security depends to a large extent on its acquiring detailed knowledge about the factual circumstances of any dispute or situation.
and
to encourage States to bear in mind the role that competent organs of the United Nations can play in ascertaining the facts in relation to disputes or situations.
There is also a range of fact-finding procedures in the United Nations relating to serious violations of human rights and humanitarian law, as well as fact-finding on the crimes of aggression, genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity which is carried out by the International Criminal Court. Professor Lyal S. Sunga discusses how UN human rights special procedures fact-finding can help the International Criminal Court find facts and how the two should be made complementary.
Triers of fact.
Fact finders often have the job of determining what facts are available and their relevancy. 
The position of fact finder is determined by the type of proceeding. In a jury trial, it is the role of a jury in a jury trial. In a non-jury trial, the judge sits both as a fact-finder and as the trier of law. In administrative proceedings it may be a hearing officer or a hearing body.

</doc>
<doc id="20265749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265749" title="Mansouri">
Mansouri

Mansouri (, ) is a surname common amongst Persian people and other parts of the Middle-East and North Africa.
According to the United States Census for the year 2000, the last name 'Mansouri' ranked 48,877 as the most common surname.
The name Mansouri had 405 occurrences in the 2000 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="20265767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265767" title="Mahrail">
Mahrail

Mahrail is a village of the Madhubani district in Bihar state, in northeastern India.

</doc>
<doc id="20265777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265777" title="Remixes (Sebastian album)">
Remixes (Sebastian album)

Remixes is a compilation of remixes by the French DJ SebastiAn. It was released on the 22nd of September 2008. The compilation was released as a CD, a vinyl record, and digital download. It features remixes made from 2005 to 2008.
Cover Art.
As for any cover art on releases by Ed Banger Records, the design is coordinated by graphic designer So Me.
The CD version is edited in gatefold format, inserted in a red translucent plastic sleeve. The image depicts the drawing of the features of the artist's face in black. When the red sleeve is removed, it then reveals the real papercard cover, which, additionally to the face, features several drawings and commentaries about the album, written in red (which explains why they weren't visible through the sleeve). Some of them include : "Do you think you can handle this?", "Is it a best of ? Well, yes somehow it's true", "Dancefloor fillers... also surprising pop reworks".

</doc>
<doc id="20265781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265781" title="1989 Eastern League season">
1989 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Albany/Colonie Yankees defeated the Harrisburg Senators three games to one to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:<br>
Playoffs.
Semi-Finals Series.
Albany/Colonie Yankees defeated Reading Phillies 3 games to 1. 
Harrisburg Senators defeated Canton-Akron Indians 3 games to 2.
Championship Series.
Albany/Colonie Yankees defeated Harrisburg Senators 3 games to 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20265792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265792" title="County of East Frisia">
County of East Frisia

The County of East-Frisia (Dutch: Graafschap Oost-Friesland) was a county (though ruled by a prince since 1662) in the region of East Frisia in the north-west of the present day German state of Lower Saxony.
County.
Originally East Frisia was part of the larger Frisian realm. The Frisians had practically no higher authority above them. There did exist, though, respected families of chieftains ("Häuptling"), who aspired to increase their, mostly local, power and influence. In the 15th century the Cirksena dynasty managed to establish its authority in practically all of East Frisia. In 1464, Ulrich I of East Frisia was raised to the status of Count by Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor, and East Frisia became a county.
Origin of the county.
In 1430, led by chieftain Edzard Cirksena of Greetsiel, a freedom-alliance was formed against the ruling Focko Ukena. Together with his brother Ulrich, Edzard managed to remove the Ukena-faction from power. After the marriage in 1455 of Ulrich Cirksena with Theda Ukena, a granddaughter of his enemy, the majority of East Frisia was united. Only the Lordships of Jever and Friedeburg could maintain their independence. Sibet Attena, a nephew and aid to Ulrich received the lordships Esens, Stedesdorf and Wittmund, which together formed the Harlingerland. The Harlingerland did remain under the higher authority of the Cirksena family. Because Ocko I tom Brok had given the territory to the count of Holland in 1381, the status of the rulers of East Frisia was unclear. The ruler of East Frisia decided to improve his situation by turning directly to the Holy Roman Emperor. As a result, Emperor Frederick III raised Ulrich in 1464 to an imperial count. The emperor gave to Ulrich I the "Imperial County in Norden, Emden, Emisgonien in East Frisia".
Consolidation of the County.
After the death of Ulrich I, his widow Theda ruled in the name of their children, who were still minors. Theda managed to withstand the threats of Duke Charles the Bold of Burgundy and count Gerd of Oldenburg. In 1481 she added the lordship of Fredeburg to the county. Under her son Edzard I, there were quarrels with the chieftains of the Harlingerland and the Jeverland and with the prince-bishop of Münster and the Hansa-city of Hamburg. Jeverland and Harlingerland remained independent, but Butjadingen became subject to East Frisian authority.
The struggle for the Frisian lands.
A new situation was created with the appointment of George of Saxony as imperial stadtholder of Friesland by Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor. This appointment was the last attempt to unify all of Frisia under one ruler. Count Edzard recognised George as his feudal lord. Rebellions broke out, however, in Friesland and the Groninger Ommelanden. In 1506 Edzard broke his allegiance to George, instead forming an alliance with Groningen. Edzard was now recognised by the Groninger Ommelanden as its ruler. In 1512, primogeniture was introduced to preserve the newly created unity. In 1515 the successors of George of Saxony relinquished their rights to Friesland to Duke Charles of Burgundy, the later emperor Charles V. The conflict ended in 1517 in a treaty between Edzard and Charles, in which Charles recognised the possessions of Edzard as an imperial county.
The Reformation.
After 1519 the Protestant Reformation made its way into East Frisia, initially with a very tolerant view towards Roman Catholicism. After Edzard I was succeeded by his son Enno II in 1528, the suppression of Catholicism began. Most East-Frisian monasteries and abbeys were secularised. Aside from this a wide rift emerged between the Lutherans and the Calvinists.
Marriage-politics and territorial size.
In 1517 an agreement was signed in which the marriage between Enno II and Maria of Jever was planned. But Enno II broke the agreement and instead married Anna of Oldenburg in 1529. In this marriage, Butjadingen was given to Oldenburg, and in return Oldenburg relinquished its claims to Jever. In response, Maria of Jever drove out the East Frisian occupiers of Jever in 1531, and in 1532 she recognised the Duke of Burgundy, Charles V as her feudal lord. The Harlingerland was loaned to the Duchy of Guelders.
Dutch intervention.
The power of the count was put under pressure in the 16th century, partially because of the Dutch Revolt. The city of Emden became a popular destination for Dutch Calvinists fleeing from religious persecution in the Netherlands. Count Edzard II, however, was lutheran. In 1595 the Dutch Republic interfered in the quarrel between the city and the count with the Treaty of Delfzijl, where the lutheran count recognised the Dutch influence and the (Calvinistic) Reformed Church. Dutch troops were stationed in Emden and Leer.
In 1602, count Enno attempted to drive out the Dutch with support from the Emperor and the Spanish king, but he was rebuffed. In a new treaty in 1603 he was forced to accept the Dutch occupation and religious consequences for an undetermined amount of time. In the Thirty Years' War, Imperial troops entered the county in 1628. While they did not clash with the Dutch troops present in the county, the Dutch States-General did stop supplying the Eems valley.
Status after 1744.
The territory fell to Prussia in 1744. Following the "Emden Convention" concluded on March 14, 1744 between the city of Emden and Frederick II of Prussia, the latter was allowed to march without resistance into East Frisia, when the last count Charles Edzard died on May 25 without children. 
In 1807 it was annexed by France and added to the Kingdom of Holland as department East-Frisia. After France directly annexed the kingdom in 1810, the territory became part of the French Ems-Oriental department. In 1815 it was added to the Kingdom of Hannover. In present day it is part of the German state of Lower Saxony.

</doc>
<doc id="20265814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265814" title="Roderick Bronson">
Roderick Bronson

Roderick T. Bronson, D.V.M. is an American pathologist and the director of the Rodent Pathology Core at Harvard Medical School. Dr. Bronson has authored or co-authored more than 400 scientific articles and has been recognized by I.S.I. Thompson as a highly cited author. 
As part of the Rodent Pathology Core, he is an expert in rodent pathology. As such, his expertize has been invaluable for the phenotypic characterization of countless knockout mice generated within the Harvard/MIT community. He has a long-running collaboration with Tyler Jacks and Robert Weinberg, starting with the characterization of tumors in p53 knockout mice. Since knockout mice are the litmus test for physiological mechanistic theories and since this requires proper pathological phenotyping, Rod Bronson has made major contributions to a wide swaves of biology, including aging, glioblastoma, neuroscience and others.

</doc>
<doc id="20265836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265836" title="Quiet Places">
Quiet Places

Quiet Places was Buffy Sainte-Marie's ninth album and her last for Vanguard Records, with whom she had had a very strained relationship ever since the financial disaster of the experimental "Illuminations". In fact, her next album, "Buffy", had already been recorded before "Quiet Places" was actually released and was not to find a label for many months after she had completely broken with Vanguard.
Musically, "Quiet Places" covered similar territory to her previous album, and was again recorded in Nashville with Norbert Putnam co-producing and such session stalwarts as the Memphis Horns and keyboardist David Briggs backing her voice and guitar. Sainte-Marie's dislike of the promotion for "Mister Can't You See" from her previous album caused Vanguard not to release any singles from the album. A single "I Wanna Hold Your Hand Forever"/"Jeremiah" was issued in May, but it failed to chart. It's B-side had been included on "Moonshot", but its A-side had not been included on any album nor on the CD reissue in 2001. "Quiet Places" thus not unexpectedly failed to dent the "Billboard" Top 200.
Track listing.
All songs composed by Buffy Sainte-Marie unless otherwise indicated

</doc>
<doc id="20265866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265866" title="1988 Eastern League season">
1988 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Albany/Colonie Yankees defeated the Vermont Mariners three games to one to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:<br>
Playoffs.
Semi-Finals Series.
Albany/Colonie Yankees defeated Glens Falls Tigers 3 games to 1. 
Vermont Mariners defeated Pittsfield Cubs 3 games to 1.
Championship Series.
Albany/Colonie Yankees defeated Vermont Mariners 3 games to 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20265900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265900" title="Northampton, New Brunswick">
Northampton, New Brunswick

Northampton is a Canadian community in Carleton County, New Brunswick. 
History.
Located on E side of the St. John River, 9.62 km SSE of Woodstock, on the road to Middle Southampton: Northampton Parish, Carleton County: PO 1853-1914: in 1866 Northampton was a farming community with about 68 resident families: in 1871 it had a population of 250: in 1898 Northampton had 1 post office, 1 sawmill, 1 church and a population of 200: included the community of Ferryville, which was named for the ferry operated by Aaron Putnam in 1809: PO Ferryville 1865-1910: in 1898 Ferryville was a settlement with 1 post office, 1 church and a population of 150.

</doc>
<doc id="20265921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265921" title="Clark S. Hobbs">
Clark S. Hobbs

Clark Simpson Hobbs was born in Baltimore, Maryland July 1, 1888. His parents were Reverend Gustavus Warfield Hobbs and Jeannette Dawson Richardson Hobbs. In 1907, Clark graduated from the Baltimore City College. He then married Janet Septima Tustin on December 5, 1914 and, on November 6, 1915 she gave birth to their daughter, Pauline Tustin Hobbs.
Hobbs was a very active man. Between 1919 and 1945, he was a reporter, columnist, and associate editor of the news paper “The Evening Sun.” In 1945, Hobbs became the Vice President of Goucher College, for six consecutive years. Starting approximately in 1911, Clark S. Hobbs volunteered in activities, in which most of them were community related. Some activities were as the Trustee of Goucher College, Director of Baltimore Goodwill Industries, Inc., Chairman of Baltimore Redevelopment Commission and, Chairman of Advisory Committee on Sanitation.
During his time working for “The Evening Sun”, Hobbs wrote articles on Baltimore and its poor conditions. It helped others realize that the conditions in which they were living in were not good, and so, in 1945 the Baltimore Redevelopment Commission was created. Hobbs was given the position as Chairman by Mayor McKeldin. He initiated and negotiated the renewal projects for South Waverly, the Broadway area, and Area 12 (Mt. Royal Plaza). On July 13, 1973, at the University of Maryland Hospital in Baltimore, Clark Simpson Hobbs died.

</doc>
<doc id="20265941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265941" title="Changes (Jarrett album)">
Changes (Jarrett album)

Changes is a jazz album released by Keith Jarrett, Jack DeJohnette and Gary Peacock in 1984. This group subsequently became known as the "Standards Trio". The album features improvised compositions recorded at the same sessions as the two volumes released as "Standards". In 2008 the three albums were collected into a boxed set, "".
Background.
The trio originally worked together on a 1977 album headline by Peacock, "Tales of Another", coming back together in 1983 when producer Manfred Eicher proposed a trio album to Jarrett. The three joined in a studio in Manhattan, New York for a 1½ day session during which they recorded enough material for three albums, the two "Standards" volumes and "Changes" without rehearsing or pre-planning the playlist.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "Unlike the other two Keith Jarrett trio recordings from January 1983, this collaboration with bassist Gary Peacock and drummer Jack DeJohnette does not feature standards. The trio performs the 30-minute "Flying" and a 6-minute "Prism," both of them Jarrett originals. "Flying," which has several sections, keeps one's interest throughout while the more concise "Prism" has a beautiful melody. It is a nice change to hear Jarrett (who normally plays unaccompanied) interacting with a trio of superb players.".

</doc>
<doc id="20265952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265952" title="1987 Eastern League season">
1987 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Harrisburg Senators defeated the Vermont Reds three games to one to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:
Playoffs.
Semi-Finals Series.
Harrisburg Senators defeated Reading Phillies 3 games to 2. 
Vermont Reds defeated Pittsfield Cubs 3 games to 1.
Championship Series.
Harrisburg Senators defeated Vermont Reds 3 games to 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20265994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20265994" title="Reborn to Kill Again">
Reborn to Kill Again

Reborn to Kill Again is an album by the American metalcore band Overcast, which was released on August 19, 2008. It contains eleven classic tracks and two unreleased songs.
"Root Bound Apollo" was first released on Shadows Fall's "Of One Blood".

</doc>
<doc id="20266032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266032" title="1986 Eastern League season">
1986 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Vermont Reds defeated the Reading Phillies three games to two to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:
Playoffs.
Semi-Finals Series.
Reading Phillies defeated Glens Falls Tigers 3 games to 1. 
Vermont Reds defeated Pittsfield Cubs 3 games to 2.
Championship Series.
Vermont Reds defeated Reading Phillies 3 games to 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20266109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266109" title="Hoogerwerf">
Hoogerwerf

Hoogerwerf is a surname of Dutch origin; it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20266144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266144" title="1985 Eastern League season">
1985 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Vermont Reds defeated the New Britain Red Sox three games to one to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:<br>
Playoffs.
Semi-Finals Series.
New Britain Red Sox defeated Waterbury Indians 3 games to 1. 
Vermont Reds defeated Albany/Colonie A's 3 games to 1.
Championship Series.
Vermont Reds defeated New Britain Red Sox 3 games to 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20266165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266165" title="1896–97 Ottawa Hockey Club season">
1896–97 Ottawa Hockey Club season

The 1896–97 Ottawa Hockey Club season was the club's 12th season of play. Ottawa placed second in the league.
Team business.
Source: 
Season.
Highlights.
Fred Chittick was the league's leading goaltender, only allowing 2.3 goals per game. Former captains Chauncy Kirby and Herbert Russell retired from the team.
The Ottawa club moved to the new Dey's Skating Rink. In the first game in the new rink, it was inaugurated with the Governor General, the Earl of Aberdeen and his wife, the Countess of Aberdeen in attendance.
Game log.
† "Protested by Ottawa who scored the tying goal in last few seconds but the goal was disallowed by the referee. The protest was upheld and the game replayed."
‡ "Replay of January 30 protested game."

</doc>
<doc id="20266182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266182" title="Mount Graham High School">
Mount Graham High School

Mt. Graham High School (MGHS) is an alternative high school located in Safford, Arizona. Mt. Graham High School is part of the Safford Unified School District. Mt. Graham High School offers students flexible schedules and childcare services for students with children. The school's mascot is the wolverine.
The high school is notable for having the smallest student population in the county.
Facilities.
The school has a childcare facility, a kitchen, and several classrooms.

</doc>
<doc id="20266225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266225" title="1984 Eastern League season">
1984 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Vermont Reds defeated the Waterbury Angels three games to two to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:<br>
Playoffs.
Semi-Finals Series.
Vermont Reds defeated Albany/Colonie A's 3 games to 0.
Waterbury Angels defeated Glens Falls White Sox 3 games to 1.
Championship Series.
Vermont Reds defeated Waterbury Angels 3 games to 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20266241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266241" title="Skumsrud Heritage Farm">
Skumsrud Heritage Farm

Skumsrud Heritage Farm is a Norwegian immigrant homestead located west of Coon Valley, Wisconsin, in Vernon County, Wisconsin, United States.
Description.
The property is a historic open-air museum and cultural center. It has 11 restored Norwegian pioneer log buildings and sits on of land situated in a valley with a creek running through it. Each of the eleven buildings represent a different architectural floor plan of the immigrating Norwegian pioneers.
History.
Skumsrud Heritage Farm was built in 1853 by Nels Skumsrud. It was donated to Norskedalen in 1983 by his grandchildren, Lloyd and Ruth Thrune. The brother and sister wished to see the property preserved and also to see it serve as a means of educating people of the area’s Norwegian heritage. The property is considered the oldest surviving house in the area, and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20266278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266278" title="Coal River (book)">
Coal River (book)

Coal River: How a Few Brave Americans Took on a Powerful Company–and the Federal Government–to Save the Land They Love (2008) is a book by Michael Shnayerson. 
"Coal River" is a work of investigative journalism which describes an environmental controversy in southern West Virginia, where coal companies are using mountaintop removal mining. The book argues that towns, communities, and the environment are at risk. 
Shnayerson is a contributing editor to "Vanity Fair". His books include "The Car That Could: GM's Revolutionary Electric Vehicle" and "The Killers Within: The Deadly Rise of Drug-Resistant Bacteria".

</doc>
<doc id="20266289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266289" title="Elizabeth A. Kovachevich">
Elizabeth A. Kovachevich

Elizabeth Anne Kovachevich (born December 14, 1936) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida.
Early life and education.
Born in Canton, Illinois, Kovachevich earned an associate's degree from St. Petersburg Junior College in 1956 and a bachelor's degree in business administration from University of Miami in 1958. She then earned a law degree in 1961 from Stetson University College of Law.
Professional career.
Kovachevich worked in private law practice in St. Petersburg, Florida from 1961 until 1973, when she was elected a judge on the State of Florida's Sixth Judicial Circuit. Kovachevich was the first female judge on the Sixth Judicial Circuit, and she served as a state judge in Florida until 1982.
Failed nomination to federal district court.
On June 8, 1976, President Gerald Ford nominated Kovachevich to a seat on a federal district court, according to an October 12, 1976 memo to Ford by his personnel director, Douglas Bennett. The United States Senate never acted on Kovachevich's nomination before Ford's presidency ended. Her nomination was blocked through a custom known as senatorial courtesy because the Democratic Party-controlled the Senate, and Florida's Senators, Lawton Chiles and Richard Stone, Democrats, opposed her confirmation. Ford's successor, President Jimmy Carter, elected not to renominate Kovachevich.
Federal judicial service.
On January 26, 1982, Kovachevich was nominated by President Ronald Reagan to a seat on the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 4, 1982 and received her commission on March 9, 1982. By that time, the Republican Party gained control of the Senate, and Paula Hawkins, a Republican, was serving in the Senate in place of Senator Stone.
Kovachevich served as chief judge for her district court from 1996 until 2002.
Kovachevich is based in Tampa, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20266330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266330" title="1983 Eastern League season">
1983 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The New Britain Red Sox defeated the Lynn Sailors three games to one to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:
Playoffs.
Semi-Finals Series.
Lynn Sailors defeated Buffalo Bisons 2 games to 0.
New Britain Red Sox defeated Reading Phillies 2 games to 1.
Championship Series.
New Britain Red Sox defeated Lynn Sailors 3 games to 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20266341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266341" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1914">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1914

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1914 Australian federal election. The election was held on 5 September 1914.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text.
Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. As this was a double dissolution election, all senators were up for re-election. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Six seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending three seats.
Queensland.
Six seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending six seats.
South Australia.
Six seats were up for re-election. The Labor Party was defending six seats.
Tasmania.
Six seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending three seats.
Victoria.
Six seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending five seats. The Liberal Party was defending one seat.
Western Australia.
Six seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending six seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20266383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266383" title="Book of the Bastiles">
Book of the Bastiles

The Book of the Bastiles; The history of the working of the new poor law was a book published in 1841 by G.R.W. Baxter. It was a collection of evidence which aimed to highlight the negative effects of the New Poor Law.

</doc>
<doc id="20266388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266388" title="Astragalus kentrophyta">
Astragalus kentrophyta

Astragalus kentrophyta is a species of milkvetch known by the common name spiny milkvetch. It is native to western North America from central to west Canada, to California, to New Mexico. It grows in rocky mountainous areas, such as the Sierra Nevada, and on plateaus.
Description.
This perennial herb is somewhat variable in appearance, especially across varieties. It is generally small and low-lying, growing in spiny mats or clumps. The short stems are hairy. The small leaves are made up of smaller oval-shaped or narrow linear, spine-tipped leaflets. The inflorescence bears one to three white to pinkish purple flowers, each less than a centimeter long. The fruit is a hairy, flattened legume pod 4 to 9 millimeters in length.
Varieties.
There are several varieties of "Astragalus kentrophyta" species, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20266430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266430" title="1982 Eastern League season">
1982 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The West Haven A's defeated the Lynn Sailors three games to zero to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:
Playoffs.
Semi-Finals Series.
Lynn Sailors defeated Glens Falls White Sox 2 games to 0.
Championship Series.
West Haven A's defeated Lynn Sailors 3 games to 0.

</doc>
<doc id="20266450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266450" title="Live in Louisville 1978">
Live in Louisville 1978

Live in Louisville 1978 is a live album by Bootsy's Rubber Band. The album was originally released in the Netherlands in 1999 on the Disky Communications label. The CD features a live recording of Bootsy's Rubber Band performing at the Exposition Center in Louisville, Kentucky on March 15, 1978, during the "Player Of The Year" tour. To date "Live in Louisville 1978" has never been released outside of the Netherlands.
Tracks.
Total album length is 68:05.

</doc>
<doc id="20266466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266466" title="Saumarez, New Brunswick">
Saumarez, New Brunswick


</doc>
<doc id="20266482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266482" title="Biamonti Catalogue">
Biamonti Catalogue

The Biamonti Catalogue is a catalogue of Ludwig van Beethoven's compositions published in 1968 by the ILTE of Turin. The original name of the work is "Catalogo cronologico e tematico di tutte le opere di Beethoven, comprese quelle inedite e gli abbozzi non utilizzati". Giovanni Biamonti tried to combine all pieces of the author, including all works approached in other catalogues (the opus, Kinsky–Halm Catalogue, Hess and Grove), in a single chronological listing. All other catalogues are numbered by date of publishing. The numeration system used is "Bia" plus the number attributed to the piece in the catalogue.
Although Biamonti's work comprises 849 entries, including published and unpublished pieces, and even fragments, from 1782 to March 1827, there are some that Biamonti could not have known about, and so there is still no single catalog with all of Beethoven's compositions. Biamonti's numbers, in addition, are rarely used. Instead, WoO numbers are generally favoured. 

</doc>
<doc id="20266515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266515" title="1981 Eastern League season">
1981 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Bristol Red Sox defeated the Glens Falls White Sox three games to two to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:
Playoffs.
Semi-Finals Series.
Bristol Red Sox defeated Reading Phillies 2 games to 0.
Championship Series.
Bristol Red Sox defeated Glens Falls White Sox 3 games to 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20266563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266563" title="James Leroy Murrill">
James Leroy Murrill

James Leroy Murrill (January 5, 1847 – April 26, 1937) was the last surviving Confederate veteran to die in Baltimore, Maryland.
Personal life.
James Leroy Murrill was born on January 5, 1847, in Nelson County, Virginia. His father was a teacher, preacher, farmer, and a railroad boss. When James Leroy Murrill was 17, he enlisted into the army of northern Virginia in 1863. He was in 3rd regiment Company H of the Virginia Kemper Brigade/Terry's Brigade, which took part in the major campaigns all the way up to Robert E. Lee's surrender at the Appomattox Court House which was only 17 miles from Murrill's home. After the war Murrill moved to Baltimore, Maryland, where he worked in his uncle's factory, The Murrill and Keizer Company, on 212 Holliday street next door to the Baltimore City Hall. He worked there as a mechanist, while he was going to the Maryland Institute for Mechanical Drawling.
When James Murrill graduated from The Maryland Institute of Mechanical Drawling, he was granted the Peabody Prize for his achievements while he was working his way up the ranks at the factory at the same time. He became an incredible mechanical drawler. Murrill taught at the institute for 4 years. Later, he became the school commissioner from 1887-1891.
Later life.
James Murrill also became the President of Murrill and Keizer Company, which was a very profitable business for many years. It was very profitable so he gave the company to his employees whom he had much respect for. Many of these employees had worked for the company for over 50 years. Murrill was the president of the Lafayette Perpetual Building and Loan Association for forty years until his death in 1937. He was also the president of the Baltimore Automatic Fire Alarm Company for many years. He was a member of the Masonic Order, and the Virginia Society. He was considered to be extraordinarily generous and a "well-known Baltimorean." His wife, Fraces Wheeler, died in 1914. Murrill died on April 26, 1937, at the age of 91. He was survived by his son named Leroy Keizer Murrill (named after Louis Keizer from the Murrill and Keizer Company) and three grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="20266592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266592" title="Joshua Taylor">
Joshua Taylor

Joshua Taylor is a film and television actor. He is also a film director and film producer.
Taylor is perhaps best known for his appearance as Blueberry Pirate in the space western musical film "The American Astronaut" (2001).
Career.
In addition to his appearance in "The American Astronaut", Taylor has appeared in at least three other films and one television production. He also directed the drama film "Dita and the Family Business" (2001) and acted as a producer on "The American Astronaut".

</doc>
<doc id="20266596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266596" title="CSPC Zhongrun">
CSPC Zhongrun

Hebei Zhongrun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (CSPC Zhongrun) () is one of China's largest producers of bulk antibiotic active pharmaceutical ingredients. CSPC Zhongrun produces both penicillin and cephalosporin series API.
A joint venture established in 1989 by China Pharmaceutical Group Ltd (CHINA PHARMA HKEx 01093) [http://www.hkexnews.hk/index.htm, CSPC Zhongrun employs more than 3,600 workers.
CSPC Zhongrun penicillin and cephalosporin Beta-lactam antibiotic products include 16 varieties of API and intermediates. The penicillin series includes penicillin G potassium crude, penicillin G potassium, penicillin G sodium, 6-APA, amoxicillin trihydrate, ampicillin trihydrate and ampicillin sodium.
The cephalosporin series includes intermediate 7-ACA, cefazolin sodium, cefazolin acid and ceftriaxone sodium. Meropenem API is also produced.

</doc>
<doc id="20266606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266606" title="Southampton Parish, New Brunswick">
Southampton Parish, New Brunswick

Southampton is a Canadian parish in York County, New Brunswick.
Its population in the 2011 Census was 1,538.
Delineation.
Southampton Parish is defined in the "Territorial Division Act" as:
Demographics.
Population.
Population trend
Language.
Mother tongue language (2006)
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20266617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266617" title="1980 Eastern League season">
1980 Eastern League season

The Eastern League season began on approximately April 1 and the regular season ended on approximately September 1. 
The Holyoke Millers defeated the Waterbury Reds two games to one to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
Regular season.
Standings.
Notes:
Playoffs.
Semi-Finals Series.
Holyoke Millers defeated Buffalo Bisons 2 games to 0.
Waterbury Reds defeated Reading Phillies 2 games to 0.
Championship Series.
Holyoke Millers defeated Waterbury Reds 2 games to 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20266644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266644" title="Jowelle de Souza">
Jowelle de Souza

Jowelle De Souza (born Joel De Souza) is a hairdresser in San Fernando, Trinidad and Tobago. She is well known for being an activist for gay rights in the small Caribbean country where she resides. She is a successful business owner known for being the first transsexual woman to sue the government for harassment.
Legal biography.
Police arrested De Souza and charged her with assault in March 1997 after she pushed a photographer. She said the photographer knew all about her past and was taking pictures of her without permission. De Souza said that after officer George took her to the police station, he and other male officers taunted her for hours about her sexuality. The men insisted on searching her, even though her identification and appearance indicated she was a woman. They eventually relented but insisted on having a female officer strip-search De Souza. "There was no legal right to search," she said. "I pushed (the photographer). I didn't assault him with a deadly weapon." 
De Souza sought good legal counsel, and was able to hire one of Trinidad's most prominent lawyers, the attorney general's wife, Lynette Maharaj. De Souza won the case and gave her awarded money to charity.
Personal life.
De Souza claims to have always felt like a female and were physically lacking many masculine features. Joel then transitioned to Jowelle at the age of 19 by undergoing sex reassignment surgery (male-to-female) in Trinidad. De Souza is also an activist for animal rights, and encourages people to care for animals.

</doc>
<doc id="20266673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266673" title="Tony Verna">
Tony Verna

Tony Verna (born Anthony F. Verna on November 26, 1933, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is a longtime veteran producer of television sports and entertainment blockbusters.
Biography.
Early career.
Tony Verna is credited with inventing instant replay, first used by CBS Sports during the Army-Navy game on December 7, 1963.
Broadcast hallmarks.
Verna's broadcast hallmark was an ability to continually come up with advances in the use of cameras, program content and creative interplay. It was this skill that prompted him to use a trick left over from radio days in order to outwit the technology of the times and allow for a play on the field to be re-broadcast "instantly."
Verna's varied career includes creating, producing and directing Pope John Paul II's billion-viewer TV Special "A Prayer for World Peace" and the historic music spectacular "Live Aid." As President of Caesar's Palace Productions, Verna was involved in all their spectacular entertainment projects.
Noteworthy people to work with Verna.
Tony Verna has worked and been friends with such varied celebrities as Edward R. Murrow, Grace Kelly, Presidents George H. Bush and Ronald Reagan, Mother Teresa, Rod Stewart,
Burt Reynolds, Dizzy Dean, Milton Berle, Duke Ellington, Ray Charles, Mick Jagger, Christopher Reeve, Tom Selleck, Mickey Mantle, Joe DiMaggio, Rocky Marciano, Kirk Douglas, Larry King, Chevy Chase and hundreds of other worldwide celebrities.
Major television events.
Tony Verna produced and/or directed the following major television events:
1955 - Baseball Game of the Week with Dizzy Dean
1960 - Rome Olympics 
1962 - Marshall Tito----ski jumping---Yugoslavia
1963 - (Dec-7) Invented the Instant Replay during the Army–Navy Game
1964 - Directed Kentucky Derby (first of 12)
1967 - Las Vegas ---Liberace Special
1967 - Johnny Unitas-Instant Quarterback
1968 -Rocky Marciano, Jonathan Winters Jogging
1968 - Directed Super Bowl#2 (first of 5)
1968 - Harlem Globetrotters-Soupy Sales
1968 - Roy Rogers, Dale Evans Special
1969 - Rocky Marciano Tribute
1970 - Created The Battle of the NFL Cheerleaders CBS
1970 - Created Instant Quarterback-John Unitas
1970 - Produced and directed Pro Bowlers Tour
1972 - Directed Mike Douglas Show- Moscow
1974 - Directed Canadian Stanley Cup
1974 - Directed 12th Kentucky Derby
1974 - Directed bios Jesse Owen, Mickey Mantle and Joe DiMaggio
1975 - Mexican soccer championships
1975 - Directed Le Mans Grand Prix, France 
1976 - Hired by Saudi Arabia for Montreal Olympics 
1977 - Created $50,000 Challenge Winner Take All - Telly Savalas 
1978 - Soupy Sales - Harlem Globetrotters
1978 - London World Circus ---Karl Wallenda
1978 - Celebrity Daredevils, Christopher Reeve 
1978 - Battle of the NFL Cheerleaders
1978 - NBC Rock n Roll Classic - Rod Stewart
1978 - Created Pete Rose Roast with Milton Berle--
1979 - Billiards Mosconi-Minnesota Fats-Omar Sharif 
1979 - Peoples Choice Award--Tom Selleck -Hawaii 
1979 - ESPN--30 interviews with Roy Firestone
1979 - Created Weekend Heroes - Las Vegas
1979 - Directed ABC primetime All American Woman 
1979 - President of Caesars Palace Productions
1980 - Ronald Reagan Network Interview
1982 - Charlton Heston-Paul Newman Debate-ABC
1984 - ABC Summer Olympics 
1985 - Live Aid 
1985 - Christmas Special-Mother Teresa 
1985 - Christmas Celebration-Johnny Cash
1986 - Sport-Aid 
1986 - Prayer For World Peace, Pope John Paul II
1987 - Omni 14 Great Minds Predict the Future
1989 - Our Common Future Special—Global 
1990 - Earth 90 - Japan - John Denver
1990 - White House - George H. W. Bush
1990 - Ted Turner Goodwill Games-Larry King
1991 - Earth Day- Japan- Ray Charles
1994 - Created Superstitions Around The World - London
1996 - 2006 Consultant—Vatican and World Broadcasters
Books.
Tony Verna is the author of:
1970 - Playback
1987 - Live TV (commissioned by the DGA)
1993 - Global Television 
2006 - Algebra 1 Murder II 
2008 - Instant Replay: the Day That Changed Sports Forever
Patents.
Verna holds U.S. Patents on the following:
2006 - Instant Footballer 
2008 -Talking Replays

</doc>
<doc id="20266698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266698" title="Springfield, New Brunswick">
Springfield, New Brunswick

Springfield, New Brunswick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20266749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266749" title="Tlačenka">
Tlačenka

Tlačenka is the Slovak and Czech variety of head cheese similar to Polish "salceson". Czech light-colored "tlačenka" is made in a number of types. It is generally bonded with brawn - thick pigskin and hock/trotters broth - with various combinations of meat cutoffs (i.e. knuckle, head), offal (tongue, heart, liver) and fat with seasoning (salt and various combinations of spices - marjoram, garlic, caraway, pepper, cloves, allspice, etc.). Another version - dark-colored "tlačenka" - is made with added blood.

</doc>
<doc id="20266776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266776" title="Prospect Creek, Alaska">
Prospect Creek, Alaska

Prospect Creek is a very small settlement approximately north of present day Fairbanks and southeast of present day Bettles, Alaska. Years ago it was home to numerous mining expeditions and the camp for the building of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System (TAPS). Today, it is the location of Pump Station 5 (Jim River Station) of the TAPS. Prospect Creek is also home to the United States record for lowest temperature. On January 23, 1971 the record low temperature of was recorded. Wildlife can be found there even with its extreme changes in temperature; local fauna include anything from black and brown bears to bald eagles. The elevation of Prospect Creek is above sea level. Nearby Moore Creek is widely known for its gold and quartz mining and sits alongside Prospect Creek in Alaska’s Innoko Mining District (Moorecreek Mining Line, MML). The Innoko Mining District is famous for its findings of large quartz.
History.
A camp was set up near Prospect Creek in 1974 to help house some of the 27,000 people working on the construction of the TAPS and serve Pump Station 5. The camp contained little more than housing and washrooms. After the TAPS was completed in 1977 the camp was broken down and abandoned. There was little left afterward other than an airstrip, now private, and a large gravel pad.
In 1974 during the construction of the TAPS there was a recorded wolf attack, however the only resulting injury was some minor bruising with no apparent breaks in the skin. The wolf was killed and tested negative for rabies.
The camp was again used in 1992 as the first of the camp sites set up for the construction workers, engineers and their families while they helped with the replacement of the bridges along the nearby Dalton Highway.
Geography.
Prospect Creek is situated north of the center of Alaska with coordinates: , just above the Arctic Circle. It is located right off the James Dalton Highway on the 135th mile (217th kilometre). Coldfoot is the nearest city and is located about northeast of Prospect Creek. This is the winter road to Bettles and the camp was situated near the start of the road. But Prospect Creek is still very much in the middle of nowhere. According to the Bureau of Land Management: “Prospect Creek joins the Jim River within of the road crossing, and Jim River flows into the South. Under the Köppen climate classification system, Prospect Creek has a subarctic climate. Prospect has received some of the coldest winters in U.S. history. There are currently no people living in this area. The camp has been abandoned since the early 1990s. Prospect Creek has a small airstrip, Prospect Creek Airport . Prospect Creek is a three-hour drive from Fairbanks. There are also commercial group tours into this area in the summer.th Fork of the Koyukuk River.” Not far from there is also the Snake River, a major Alaskan river. Prospect Creek is surrounded by two national wildlife reserves in Kanuti and Yukon Flats and the Gates of the Arctic National Park. The Prospect Creek area in itself is somewhat flat, but its surroundings are undulating and green, which is very typical of a boreal forest. Due to a very peculiar setting mixing extreme cold and an irregular massif there are occurrences of tungsten minerals, and also "bismuth is reported to have been found in a quartz vein on Prospect Creek." Despite this wealth of natural resources, no company has yet taken advantage of them due to the remote location. There are currently no people living in this area. The camp has been abandoned since the early 1990s. Prospect Creek has a small airstrip, Prospect Creek Airport . Prospect Creek is a three-hour drive from Fairbanks. There are also commercial group tours into this area in the summer.
Climate.
Under the Köppen climate classification system, Prospect Creek has a subarctic climate. Prospect has received some of the coldest winters in U.S. history. Prospect Creek was declared the coldest place in the United States at on January 23, 1975. The North American record of was recorded in Greenland in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="20266777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266777" title="Joan Krauskopf">
Joan Krauskopf

Joan Miday Krauskopf (born April 24, 1932) is an American law professor who once was considered as a federal judicial nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Early life and education.
Born in Canton, Ohio, Krauskopf earned a bachelor's degree from Ohio State University in 1954. She attended a year of law school at University of California, Los Angeles before transferring to Ohio State University's law school, from which she earned a law degree in 1957.
Professional career.
Krauskopf worked as an instructor at Ohio State University's Moritz College of Law from 1957 until 1959, when she became an assistant professor. Around 1960, she moved to the University of Colorado School of Law, where she worked as a research and teaching assistant. In 1963, Krauskopf joined the faculty of the University of Missouri's law school as a part-time instructor. She became a full professor at Missouri in 1974, becoming the R.B. Price Professor of Law at Missouri.
In 1987, Krauskopf rejoined Ohio State University's Moritz College of Law as a professor. She retired in 1997.
Consideration for nomination to the Eighth Circuit.
In 1978 or 1979, President Jimmy Carter strongly and publicly considered nominating Krauskopf to a newly created seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. However, Krauskopf received a "not qualified" rating from the American Bar Association because of an alleged lack of judicial experience. A White House staffer disputed that assertion, noting that the judges on the Eighth Circuit felt Krauskopf's teaching responsibilities had give her the requisite experience to handle the job, and that Krauskopf was thought by some in the ABA to be too liberal. Despite support for her candidacy by Missouri Sen. Thomas Eagleton, Carter himself, on the recommendation of his attorney general, Griffin Bell, made the decision not to proceed with Krauskopf's nomination. Ultimately, Carter wound up nominating Richard S. Arnold to the seat in late 1979. He was confirmed in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20266787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266787" title="CGS Margaret">
CGS Margaret

CGS "Margaret" was a Canadian Government Ship, and was the first vessel to be built specifically for the Customs Preventive Service. Delivered in 1914, she was transferred to the Royal Canadian Navy and served as HMCS "Margaret" during World War I. Following the war, "Margaret" was returned to the Customs Preventive Service, and was transferred to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police in 1932. Sold shortly thereafter, she was subsequently acquired by the Brazilian Navy and renamed "Rio Branco".
Origins and Military service.
Originally intended as a customs cruiser, the CGS "Margaret" was built at Thornycroft's Woolston Works and delivered to the Department of Customs at Halifax in April 1914. With her two six-pounders, she was suitable for a patrol vessel, and given her similarities to a 1907 coastal defence cruiser that was never built, "Margaret" may in fact have been ordered in anticipation of war with Germany. The CGS "Margaret" became HMCS "Margaret" when she was transferred, together with CGS "Canada", to the Royal Canadian Navy on 4 August 1914 following the outbreak of World War I. Commissioned in 1915, "Margaret" was used as an escort and patrol vessel in Atlantic coastal waters during the war, and was one of the first vessels in which Rear Admiral Leonard W. Murray served at the start of his distinguished military career. "Margaret" was at Dockyard Jetty 2 in Halifax Harbour during the Halifax Explosion. She broke her moorings and suffered minor damage, while two of her crew were killed ashore.
During the war, Morse's Tea and Coffee Company produced a series of 50 cards of ships; no.35 was HMCS "Margaret".
Customs service.
Following the end of the war, HMCS "Margaret" was returned to the Customs Preventive Service (CPS), and carried out her first patrols in the Gulf of St. Lawrence and on the East Coast in the spring of 1919. Converted from coal to oil burning in 1925, her armament was also reduced in 1927 to one six-pounder and seventeen rifles. During these years, much of her work consisted of customs patrols against rum running. In 1932, the CPS was absorbed by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP), and the service's personnel and ships were transferred to the RCMP's Marine Section. 
Brazilian service.
Following the transfer of the CPS's responsibilities to the RCMP in 1932, the number of personnel was reduced and some former CPS vessels were discarded. "Margaret" was among the CPS vessels sold later that year as a result of these cutbacks, and was acquired by the Brazilian state of São Paulo, which named her "Ruth", during the Constitutionalist Revolution of 1932. Confiscated by the Brazilian government, she was renamed "Rio Branco" and was converted to a hydrographic survey ship for the Brazilian Navy in 1934. After serving as a coastal escort vessel in World War II, the "Rio Branco" returned to hydrographic work and was discarded in 1957 or 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20266800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266800" title="Wicklow, New Brunswick">
Wicklow, New Brunswick


</doc>
<doc id="20266816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266816" title="Lake Park Marching Band">
Lake Park Marching Band

The Lake Park Marching Band (LPMB) is a US High School competitive marching band based out of Lake Park High School located in Roselle, Illinois USA. Lake Park Marching Band has been Illinois State Grand Champion 13 times (winning its first in 1979), Illinois State Class Champion 26 times, Bands of America Grand National Finalist 18 times consecutively, Bands of America Grand National Class Champion twice, and Bands of America Grand National Champion in 1996.
Notable alumni.
Glenn Kotche (Associated with the band Wilco).
See also.
Bands of America

</doc>
<doc id="20266847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266847" title="318th Fighter Interceptor Squadron">
318th Fighter Interceptor Squadron

The 318th Fighter Interceptor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with 25th Air Division based at McChord AFB, Washington. The squadron was inactivated on 7 December 1989.
History.
World War II.
Established in mid-1942 as a fighter squadron, trained under I Fighter Command primarily in the northeast with P-47 Thunderbolts. Deployed to the Mediterranean Theater of Operations (MTO) in Algeria, taking part in the North African Campaign supporting the United States Fifth Army's advance with tactical air support. Attacked enemy armored columns, troop concentrations, road transport, bridges and other targets of opportunity. Also flew combat missions over Sicily from airfields in Tunisia, supporting the Allied ground forces in the liberation of the island. Moved to Italy in late 1943 and continued tactical operations as part of Twelfth Air Force. Supported Fifth Army as it advanced into central and northern Italy during the Italian Campaign, being re-equipped with P-51D Mustangs in 1944. Continued combat operations until the German Capitulation; demobilizing in northern Italy during the summer of 1945. Inactivated in October.
Air Defense Command.
Reactivated by Air Defense Command in May 1947 at Mitchell Field, New York. In December 1947 it was transferred to Hamilton Field, California where it received its first aircraft, P-61 Black Widows which had been pressed into the air defense mission. In the spring of 1948 the squadron received new F-82 Twin Mustangs and in November 1948 moved to McChord AFB, Washington. In the fall of 1950 the squadron transitioned into jet F-94As Starfire Interceptors. 
In June 1953 the squadron moved to Thule Air Base, Greenland; under control of the Northeast Air Command. The squadron came back under ADC in August 1954 when it was moved from Thule to Presque Isle AFB, Maine with F-89D Scorpions. In August 1955 the squadron returned to McChord AFB and transitioned into F-86D Sabres. 
In March 1957 the squadron began a transition into F-102A Delta Daggers and three years later in March 1960 into F-106 Delta Darts. On 22 October 1962, before President Kennedy told the nation that missiles were in place in Cuba, the squadron dispersed a portion of its force, equipped with nuclear tipped missiles to Paine Air Force Base at the start of the Cuban Missile Crisis. These planes returned to McChord after the crisis.
On 15 March 1963 two Soviet bombers overflew Alaska and Alaskan Air Command F-102s were unable to intercept them. The response to this intrusion was to deploy ten F-106s from the squadron and its sister unit, the 498th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron to Alaska in what was called Operation White Shoes. However, maintaining these aircraft for an extended period of time put a strain on the 325th wing's combat readiness back at McChord, and eventually a detachment of maintenance personnel was established to maintain the planes in Alaska. The unit got relief from this commitment while it was upgrading its F-106s from the 1st Fighter-Interceptor Wing, which relieved it from March to June 1964. Operation White Shoes terminated in 1965 and the unit's planes returned home.
On 22 March 1968 the 318th FIS deployed to Osan AB, Republic of Korea from McChord AFB, WA to provide air defense following the 26 January 1968 North Korea seizure of the USS Pueblo. This marked the first time in history that Aerospace Defense Command F-106 fighter interceptors had flown to a critical overseas area, using in-flight refueling along with tactical air units. 
Returned to the United States after the Pueblo Crisis ended, and flew F-106s throughout the 1970s. The 318th converted to F-15 Eagles in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20266855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266855" title="Latvian Supreme Soviet election, 1990">
Latvian Supreme Soviet election, 1990

Parliamentary elections were held in the Latvian SSR on 18 March 1990. It was the first free parliamentary election in Latvia since the 1930s and saw 201 deputies elected to the Supreme Soviet of the Latvian SSR, 170 of them in the first round. Run-off elections were held on 25 March, 1 April and 29 April. The Popular Front of Latvia won over two-thirds of the vote. Unlike its Estonian and Lithuanian counterparts, the Latvian Communist Party did not separate from the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. Nonetheless, on 3 May 1990, the new Supreme Soviet re-elected the Communist Party member Anatolijs Gorbunovs as its chairman, effectively the leader of Latvia. He subsequently resigned from the party, and a year later the Communist Party was banned by the parliament.
The elected parliament was responsible for some of the most important decisions in the modern Latvian history, such as the declaration of independence from the Soviet Union.
It was the first and only free election to the Supreme Soviet of Latvian SSR. The next parliament was elected as "Saeima" in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20266877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266877" title="Rarities (The Living End album)">
Rarities (The Living End album)

Rarities is a compilation album by Australian rock band The Living End. The album features demos and acoustic versions of songs that were previously unreleased, and was first available on a range of online music stores for 5 days from Saturday, 15 November 2008 to Wednesday, 19 November 2008, at which point it was taken off all of these stores for no confirmed reason. The album was exclusively released online, until its physical release as part of a 2CD deluxe edition of the band's fifth studio album White Noise, which was released on 27 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20266892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266892" title="Minatogawa Man">
Minatogawa Man

The "Minatogawa" people are a prehistoric people of Okinawa, Japan, represented by four skeletons, two male and two female, and some isolated bones dated between 16,000 and 14,000 years BCE. They are among the oldest complete skeletons of modern humans recovered in East Asia.
History of the finds.
The skeletons were found at the Minatogawa limestone quarry, located 10 km south of Naha, near the southern tip of the island. Okinawan businessman and amateur archaeologist Seiho Oyama noticed fossil bone fragments in some building stone blocks he had purchased from the quarry, and for two years he kept watch as the quarry was worked. In 1968 Oyama reported the finding of a human bone at the quarry to Hisashi Suzuki, a professor at Tokyo University.
A team led by Suzuki excavated the site during three seasons (1968, 1970 and 1974). Their finds were described in 1982. The skeletons are now in the Anthropology Museum, Tokyo University.
Description.
All skeletons were found buried inside a vertical fissure in the limestone rock, about 1 meter wide, which had been filled over millennia by residual red clay mixed with travertine, limestone fragments and bones. Suzuki's excavation was limited to the part of the fissure that was exposed on the quarry's face, 5 m high and 20 m above the present sea level, and extended about 6 m into the cliff behind. 
The bones recovered from that fissure belonged to between 5 and 9 distinct individuals (two males and the rest females), mixed with over 200 fragments of deer and boar bones. The finds lay on a diagonal band extending down and forward by about 6 meters within the fissure. The lowest-placed skeleton (Minatogawa I, a male about 25 years old) was standing upside-down, but his bones were mostly in their anatomical positions. The other skeletons were found with their bones all mixed up and scattered over several meters. Skeleton IV, in particular, was found as two sets of bones separated by a couple of meters; his skull has a perforation that seems to have been caused by a sharp hard point, and his left and right arms seem to have been fractured the same way. Suzuki conjectures that the individuals were killed with spears or arrows by enemies who cannibalized their victims (breaking bones in the process) and then threw the remains into the fissure, which had been used as a trash dump (which explains the animal bones).
The individuals were rather short (about 1.55 m for the males, 1.40 m for the females) and their cranial capacity was close to the lower end of the range of the latter prehistoric Jōmon (10,000 to 2,000 years ago) and modern Japanese. The teeth were extremely worn out, suggesting an abrasive diet. In one of the mandibles, the two median incisors had been knocked out at the same time, well before death—a custom that is known to have been practiced by the Jomon people.
Geologists have estimated that the fissure was created by an uplifting that bent and fractured the limestone rock layers, more than 100,000 years ago. Charcoal fragments in the fissure have been carbon-14-dated to about 16,000 and 18,000 years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="20266924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266924" title="Lord Clare">
Lord Clare

Lord Clare may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20266957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266957" title="Gian Carlo di Martino">
Gian Carlo di Martino

Gian Carlo Di Martino Tarquinio (born July 12, 1964, in Maracaibo) is a Venezuelan socialist, politician and lawyer who is the former mayor of the city of Maracaibo (Venezuela's second largest city).
Biography.
A native from Maracaibo and son of Italian immigrants, Di Martino received a Bachelor in Political Sciences at the Rafael Urdaneta University in 1987. In 1991 he received a diploma in International Diplomacy from the Central University of Venezuela. Later in 1993 he graduated as a lawyer at the Andres Bello Catholic University of Caracas.
In 1997 he served as director of the Sabaneta jail in Maracaibo and general director of the foreign affairs office of Zulia. Two years later he became alderman of the city 
In the year 2000 he is elected as mayor of Maracaibo and is reelected in 2004.
Di Martino became a member of the PSUV and ran for governor of Zulia in the regional elections held on 23 November 2008 but was defeated by Pablo Pérez of A New Era.
Personal life.
Di Martino is married to Ana Clara Barboza, president of the "Fundacion Niños del Sol", and have 5 children 

</doc>
<doc id="20266962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266962" title="Jean Pierre Étienne Vaucher">
Jean Pierre Étienne Vaucher

Jean Pierre Étienne Vaucher (17 April 1763 - 6 January 1841) was a Swiss Protestant pastor and botanist who was a native of Geneva.
He studied theology at Geneva, and from 1795 to 1821 was a pastor at the Church of Saint-Gervais. From 1808 to 1840 he was a professor of church history at the University of Geneva, and for a number of years he also taught classes in botany. Among his better-known students were botanist Augustin Pyramus de Candolle (1778-1841), scientist Hans Conrad Escher von der Linth (1767-1823) and Charles-Albert (1798-1849), the future King of Sardinia.
Vaucher is remembered for his research involving the developmental history of algae. In his 1803 treatise "Histoire des Conferves d'eau douce", he described the process of conjugation in certain algae as a distinct sexual process. The phenomena of conjugation is a means of fertilization that takes place in green algae such as "Spirogyra". He is credited for describing the development of the networks that occur in the cells of "Hydrodictyon" (water net algae), and for describing the pyrenoid of algae.
He is honoured in the name of a genus of yellow-green algae, "Vaucheria", named by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle.

</doc>
<doc id="20266983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20266983" title="Paul Pouderoux">
Paul Pouderoux

Paul Pouderoux (1874−1956) is a French officer. During World War I, he first was an air force pilot and afterwards was in command of a regiment of sappers. After the war he was commander of the regiment of military firefighters of Paris . In 1929 he was active in reorganising the International Technical Committee for the Prevention and Extinction of Fire (CNIF). He also organised the Committees congresses of 1929, 1931 and 1934 in Paris, as well as the “First International Exhibition of Firefighting”. He was also elected chairman of the committee. He retired in 1934, after being promoted general. After his retirement, he was in charge of safety measures aboard ocean liners.
General Pouderoux was active in leftist groups, such as the Republican Association of Old Combattants () which had been established in 1917 by intellectuals such as Paul Vaillant-Couturier et Henri Barbusse and whose philosophy was inspired by the ideology of the Communist party on the 1930s. He also wrote pacifist publications such as the book “The aéro-chemical dangerimique or the dishonored war" or the article "Our international duty".
After the Liberation of France he was maire of the commune of Saint-Paul (Alpes-Maritimes). At the request of the Firefighters Brigade of Paris, in 2003 the mairie of Tremblay-en-France approved the change of name of the “Chemin des Vaches” to "Avenue du Général Pouderoux”. The street ensures the access to the local barracks of the Paris firefighters.

</doc>
<doc id="20267063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267063" title="Dan van Zyl">
Dan van Zyl

Daniel Jacobus van Zyl (born 8 January 1971 in Pretoria) is a South African sportsman who represented his country at rugby union and played first-class cricket.
Dan van Zyl was educated at St. Alban's College and the University of Pretoria. He played his provincial rugby at Western Province and represented the Stormers as a scrum half in the Super 12. Also capable of playing fly half, van Zyl toured Europe and the United Kingdom with the South African national rugby union team in 2000 and made his only Test match appearance in a fixture against England at Twickenham as a reserve. He later played with and coached Irish club County Carlow and is now the coach of The Kings Hospital Junior Cup Team as well as a player for Old Wesley.
An all-rounder who bowled right-arm off-break, van Zyl played at Northern Transvaal from 1992/93 to 1996/97 and then Boland in 1998/99. Interestingly he averaged exactly a wicket a match in both forms of the game, with 26 wickets from 26 first-class appearances and 48 wickets from 48 one dayers. He never scored a hundred with the bat but managed seven half centuries in first-class cricket to finish with a respectable 1293 runs at 27.51. Van Zyl had his best season in 1995/96 when he scored 332 runs at 33.20 and took eight wickets at 24.50.
Accolades.
In 2004 he was inducted into the University of Pretoria Sport Hall of fame.
References.
http://www.sarugby.co.za/springbokprofile.aspx?id=18248&surname=van%20Zyl%&birthday=1971/01/08%2012:00:00%20AM&comname=

</doc>
<doc id="20267153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267153" title="Aldine High School">
Aldine High School

Aldine Senior High School is a public high school located in the Greenspoint district of northern Houston, Texas, United States. It is part of the Aldine Independent School District. The senior high school campus serves grades 10 through 12. The separate Aldine Ninth Grade School hosts students in grade 9.
Location.
Aldine Senior High is located at 11101 Airline Drive, at the intersection of Airline and West Road. Its 2012-2013 attendance boundaries are bordered by the Sam Houston Tollway on the north, the Hardy Toll Road on the east and Veterans Memorial Drive for the majority of the western edge. The southern boundary is the Aldine Independent School District boundary line, which is a straight line about a quarter mile south of Gulf Bank Road extending from the Hardy Toll Road to Veterans Memorial Drive east to west. The North Freeway runs just to the west of the center of the zone north to south.
The approximately 12-square mile attendance zone takes in portions of Houston and unincorporated areas in Harris County in zip codes 77037, 77038, 77060 and 77088. This area includes the neighborhoods of Airline Farms, Blue Bell Village, Colonial Hills, Fallbrook, Greenridge North, Hidden Valley, Imperial Valley, North Shepherd Plaza, Northline Terrace, Oak Glen, Ridgepoint, and several smaller subdivisions. It also takes in numerous multi-family apartment complexes along Airline Drive, Aldine-Bender Road, Blue Bell Road, Fallbrook Drive, Plaza Verde Drive, Veterans Memorial Drive, West Road and Winding Bayou Trace. The school serves portions of the Aldine CDP, the Greenspoint District, the Airline Improvement District and the City of Houston's Super Neighborhood 7.
Ratings and Awards.
The Texas Education Agency (TEA) rated Aldine Senior High as "Academically Acceptable" in its 2011 campus accountability report. (Note that the TEA is revising its state accountability ratings criteria for 2013 and as a result, the agency issued no campus ratings in 2012).
In March 2013, San Diego State University's National Center for Urban School Transformation gave Aldine High School its National Excellence in Urban Education Bronze Award.
In April 2013, U.S. News and World Report ranked Aldine Senior High number 178 on its list of best high schools in the state of Texas (out of 1,870) and number 2,036 (out of nearly 22,000) in its list of best high schools in the United States.
In the same month, the organization Children At Risk ranked Aldine Senior High number 77 (out of 150) in the Greater Houston area and number 765 in the state of Texas.
Demographics.
For the 2011-2012 school year, the demographic breakdown of Aldine Senior High was:
Today's demographic breakdown continues a long trend at Aldine Senior High that has seen the campus change from majority white to majority Hispanic over the past 25 years. The TEA reports that for the 1988-1989 school year, Aldine High School had the following demographics:
Athletics.
Aldine Senior High's mascot is the Mustang and the school colors are blue and white.
Aldine High participates in a variety of boys and girls sports in the University Interscholastic League's (UIL) District 18-5A, including:
W.W. Thorne Stadium serves as the home of the football and boys and girls soccer teams. The volleyball and boys and girls basketball teams play at the M.O. Campbell Center. Elliot Lansford Field hosts boys baseball games and the AISD Softball Complex is the home of the girls softball team.
Since its founding, Aldine High School has had several of its teams advance to state tournaments and finals, with squads in two sports winning championships.
The Aldine boys' basketball team reached the Class 3A state semifinals in 1960, but lost to the eventual champion Lamesa Golden Tornadoes, 51-48.
The boys' baseball team won the 1970 Class 4A state championship, defeating the Bellaire Cardinals in a 4-0 no-hitter.
The Aldine Senior High football team won the 1990 Class 5A Division II state championship, beating the Arlington Lamar Vikings 27-10. ESPN named the 1990 Aldine Mustangs its mythical National Champions following the game. The win came a year after Aldine fell 28-14 to the Odessa Permian Panthers in the 1989 Class 5A finals. The Mustangs also advanced to the state 5A Division II semifinal rounds in 1991 (losing 20-13 to the San Antonio Marshall Rams) and 1996 (dropping a 42-21 decision to the eventual state champion Austin Westlake Chapparals).
Clubs and Extracurricular Activities.
Aldine Senior High students can partake in a number of clubs and extra-curricular activities, including:
Feeder Pattern.
Ninth Grade schools that feed directly into Aldine Senior High School include:
Middle schools in Aldine Senior High School's feeder system include:
Intermediate schools in Aldine Senior High School's feeder system include:
Elementary schools in Aldine Senior High School's feeder system include:
History.
Origins (1932 - 1933).
The history of what is today Aldine Senior High School predates the 1935 creation of the Aldine Independent School District (AISD).
In the early 1930s, Harris County Common School District 29 (the predecessor to AISD) operated four wooden frame schoolhouses for white students in grades 1-7. These were scattered throughout the district in the unincorporated Aldine, Brubaker, Higgs and Westfield communities. (Black students attended separate schoolhouses in Higgs and Westfield.)
On June 18, 1932, District 29 residents approved a $40,000 bond to consolidate the white schoolhouses into one new, centralized school. The new building was to be located just east of Aldine, as it was near the geographic center of the district.
Plans were quickly drawn for a two-story, red brick campus that would contain 12 classrooms and an auditorium. It would house primary grades 1-7 and also allow the district to offer the first two years of high school (grades 8 and 9). (Previously, District 29 students who wanted a high school education had to commute to Houston's Jefferson Davis High. However, school attendance in Texas during the early 1930s was not compulsory past age 14.)
When the 1932-33 academic year began, high school students met at Memorial Baptist Church, then located at East Montgomery Road (today's Airline Drive) and Gulf Bank Road, until construction on the new building could be completed.
The S.M.N. Marrs School (1933 - 1936).
The new, as yet unnamed school opened in February 1933 at the intersection of Aldine-Bender Road and Aldine-Westfield, in what was then rural north central Harris County, 13 miles from Houston. The school was immediately filled to capacity.
Intensifying the crowded conditions, District 29 added grades 10 and 11 for the 1933-34 school year to complete what was then considered a full secondary education program. (Twelfth grade was not common in rural Texas schools in the 1930s.)
Overcrowding caused the district to move the old Aldine frame schoolhouse to the Marrs site to accommodate overflow. Eventually, overcrowding became so severe that by 1935 the auditorium was partitioned into three classrooms to make room for more students.
Sometime in 1933, or no later than early 1934, the school was named for S.M.N. Marrs, a state superintendent of public instruction who had recently passed away. Marrs had championed rural education and financially weak school districts in his tenure.
On May 25, 1934, S.M.N. Marrs School graduated its first high school class, consisting of nine students.
In January 1935, the first known Marrs School athletic team participated in varsity competition. The boys basketball team, playing as Aldine High School (rural Texas high schools often competed under the local community name rather than the actual school name, if different), took on a Spring high school squad.
On May 4, 1935, voters in District 29 approved creation of the Aldine Independent School District (AISD).
In the fall of 1935, the high school opened a new gymnasium/auditorium. As AISD was then operating with meager funds, the district struck a deal with an area oil company to use salvaged lumber from a nearby producing field to construct the facility.
Marrs High School (1936 - 1948).
With the S.M.N. Marrs School overflowing, AISD voters approved a $25,000 bond for construction of a new 10-classroom junior/senior high school building on September 7, 1935. This new building opened in 1936 next door to the Marrs School on Aldine-Westfield Road. It, too, was named S.M.N. Marrs. The older building continued in use for many more years as an elementary school and later an alternative education center. Today it still exists as the Ellen Lane School.
The Marrs football team, christened the Aldine Mustangs by a student vote, debuted in October 1936 vs the La Porte Bulldogs.
Marrs High was expanded in the fall of 1939. The school constructed a six-classroom wing as well as a detached agriculture building and a home economics cottage.
AISD and Marrs High added twelfth grade for the 1941-42 school year, as mandated by the state of Texas.
The First Aldine High School (1948 - 1954).
Needing to accommodate a rapidly growing student population, AISD opened yet another high school located immediately to the north of S.M.N. Marrs High in the spring of 1948. This campus was officially named Aldine High School, the first to formally bear that name. The former Marrs High School was turned into a junior high. Part of its structure, and several classrooms, were incorporated into the successor Aldine Middle School, built on the same site several years later and still in use today.
Several months later, the school's 1935-era wood frame gymnasium/auditorium burned to the ground on November 19, 1948, along with the adjacent old Aldine schoolhouse. The blaze took place just hours before Aldine High School's annual Homecoming dance.
Aldine High added a six-classroom wing in 1953.
On November 24, 1954, the main Aldine High School building was destroyed by a six-alarm fire. The fire destroyed nearly all student records and textbooks. Aldine students had to attended classes in shifts in the older junior high building until a new school could be built.
Modern Aldine High School (1956 – present).
In September 1956, a replacement campus was opened nearly five miles to the west at 11101 Airline Drive at West Road, on the site of the former Gulf Coast Airport.
Aldine Senior High, along with all other Aldine Independent School District (AISD) schools at the time, canceled classes April 16 and 17, 1959, after AISD teachers walked off the job because the district was broke and couldn't make its payroll. The Texas Legislature authorized the selling of $200,000 of time warrants to tide the district over until the end of the school year. However, AISD teachers walked out again on April 30, 1959. The teachers were not paid that time because feuding school board officials could not agree on who should be allowed to sign district paychecks and the district's bank would not issue checks until the matter was resolved. The second walkout lasted through May 19, 1959.
In March 1965, AISD was ordered by a United States federal court to desegregate its schools, including Aldine High School. (Aldine High School was ordered to be integrated by September 1, 1967.) This order was strengthened in 1977 and remained in effect until 2003, when it was rescinded.
Aldine Senior High hosted the inaugural classes of North Harris County College, consisting of 613 students, in September 1973.
A white Aldine High student was stabbed to death on April 8, 1975, by a black student who was trying to cut in the cafeteria line. Although authorities could find no racial motivation in the crime, the Ku Klux Klan burned a cross on the Aldine High lawn two days later to protest the murder.
Five Aldine Senior High band members were injured September 8, 1977, when a section of the home-side bleachers at the on-campus Aldine Athletic Stadium collapsed prior to an Aldine–Carver football game.
The next year, Aldine High School took in about 175 Carver students when that school was turned into an alternative education campus as a result of the 1977 federal desegregation order.
Another federal judge ruled in May 1982 that the lyrics to the Aldine School Song, which begin with the words, "Dear God, please bless our school...", were religious in nature and that school and/or district officials could no longer lead or organize singing of the song at school events.
The Aldine High School band marched in the 1993 inaugural parade for President Bill Clinton.
In 1998, Aldine's ninth graders were moved to a new campus, Aldine Ninth Grade School, located behind the main campus along the North Freeway. This was done, in part, to ease overcrowding, but also to make the transition to high school easier for freshmen.
Aldine High School introduced four career-centered academies to its instructional program in 2005. Students may choose from business and fine arts, industrial and engineering, health and human services, and law and public service. Academy students share the same teachers for their core academic courses, such as language arts, math, science and social studies. They may shift to other academies for electives.
Since its initial construction, several additions and renovations to the 1956-era campus have been made. The vocational wing was expanded in 1960, along with a paved student parking lot. In 1970, the "400 Hall" wing was added, the "300 Hall" was expanded with more science labs and classrooms, and the cafeteria was enlarged to include a snack bar area. Three years later, a new wing altered the front facade of the school, adding two new halls of classrooms, new administrative offices, a teacher's lounge, a new band hall and more library space. Air conditioning was also added to most of the school around that time. An expansion of the gym (including the addition of a second, smaller gym) followed in 1978. In 1997, additional classroom wings were added to the facade of the school. Additional locker rooms were included as part of this expansion. A new Fine Arts wing was added in 2010, including a new band hall and renovations for the choir and drama rooms. Several renovations on the older wings have also taken place over the years, including a major renovation of the cafeteria completed in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20267161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267161" title="Home of Angels">
Home of Angels

Home of Angels is a 1994 feature film written by James Oliva and Nicolas L. DePace and directed by Nick Stagliano.
Plot.
Billy (Lance Robinson) defies his mother (Karin Wolfe) and father (Craig Sechler) and makes a secret trip from Long Island to Philadelphia to sneak his grandfather (Abe Vigoda) out of a nursing home and bring him home for the holidays. The convelescent home's inhabitants distract the staff so Billy and his confused Grandfather can make their escape. The cross path with a street gang whose leader (Aries Spears) commands a pursuit. They are given a hiding place by concerned homeless man Buzzard Bracken (Sherman Hemsley), but their sanctuary is only temporary, as the gang invades the homeless camp and capture Billy and Gramps. Buzzard and his homeless friends rescue the two and raise money by panhandling in order to get them on their way back to Long Island and a Christmas reunion.
Production.
"Home of Angels" was produced by Cloverlay Productions, whose only movie produced so far is "Home of Angels". Filmed on locations in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1992, was Aries Spears first film when he was then 17.
Distribution.
"Home of Angels" was distributed on VHS by Bridgestone Multimedia.
Critical response.
Tv Guide: ""With its falsely upbeat approach to Alzheimer's disease and homelessness, the sticky-sweet 'Home of Angels' plays like a PSA masquerading as timely drama. Although it merits consideration for delving into topics rarely addressed in children's movies, its good intentions are undone by its cutesy tone""

</doc>
<doc id="20267177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267177" title="Alfredo E. Evangelista">
Alfredo E. Evangelista

Alfredo E. Evangelista (1926 – October 18, 2008) was a Filipino archeologist.
Biography.
Evangelista obtained his Master's degree in anthropology in 1959 from the University of Chicago under the Fulbright Program. He joined the National Museum of the Philippines following his graduation from Chicago.
Many of Evangelista's discoveries are regarded as some of the most important archeological finds in the history of the Philippines. His finds included the oldest known primary burial site in the Philippines. The human remains found by Evangelista as the Duyong Cave on the island of Palawan are approximately 5,580 years old. 
Evangelista also uncovered the Laguna Copper Plate, which is considered to be the earliest known legal document in the Philippines. Another of Evangelista's important finds was discovered inside of a some boat burial coffins excavated on Banton Island. Two small pieces of cloth found inside of the coffins are regarded as the only known existing prehistoric cloth in the Philippines. The cloths has since been declared Filipino National Cultural Treasures.
He continued to head the Anthropology Division of the National Museum of the Philippines until his retirement as its deputy director in 1989.
Alfredo E. Evangelista died at his home in San Pedro, Laguna, on October 18, 2008, at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="20267193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267193" title="Framing Hanley">
Framing Hanley

Framing Hanley is an American rock band from Nashville, Tennessee, formed in 2005. They released their first studio album in August 2007 entitled "The Moment". They are to be releasing their third album titled "The Sum of Who We Are" in April 2014.
History.
Formation and "The Moment" (2005-2009).
Lead singer & songwriter Kenneth Nixon, guitarists Tim Huskinson and Brandon Wooten, bassist Luke McDuffee and drummer Chris Vest came together to form Framing Hanley and quickly gained a large following in Nashville. First formed in 2005 (Under the name Embers Fade) the band posted some demos of their songs on the bands myspace page. In November 2006, these demos were discovered by Brett Hestla, former Creed bassist and frontman of Dark New Day. Hestla helped the young Nashville based quintet record a 2 song demo in his Florida studio which he showed to Jeff Hanson (Creed, Sevendust, Paramore) and his record label Silent Majority Group. In an interview with HitQuarters Hanson said he "flipped out" when he heard the song "Hear Me Now" and decided immediately he wanted to sign them. The following day he went to see the band play in Nashville and claims that in his rush to secure the band's signatures he wrote up their deal on a napkin. Hanson became not only their label boss but also their manager, says the band.
In June 2008, Tim left the band due to recurring back problems and to pursue other endeavors in his life. He was replaced by a friend of the band, guitarist Ryan Belcher. This was originally a temporary arrangement but Ryan soon became a permanent member of the band.
"A Promise to Burn" (2009-2011).
In early November 2009, Framing Hanley entered the studio to start working on the sophomore record, "A Promise to Burn." In an interview with alternativeaddiction.com, lead singer Kenneth Nixon stated that “The album tells a story that a lot of us have been through, where you have to have everything taken away from you before you can be humbled and know how lucky you are, it’s sad that it’s like that, but it’s true in a lot of people’s cases." Nixon says the band has a lot to prove with the new album, foremost that the band is more than just ‘that rock band that covered Lil Wayne's song "Lollipop." “Three years later when one song that they are remembering you for is a cover song, it kinda leaves a bad taste in your mouth,” said Nixon. “That song did a lot of things for our band, but it was really just something that we were doing for fun.” Nixon says the band was discouraged when the band re-released their debut single “Hear Me Now” following the success of “Lollipop” and saw very little response. "It leaves us with something to prove on this record. We are not just a band that covers songs, we want to prove we are a band that writes rock songs that we care about, and that is what we did with this record," says the band.
In December 2009, the band won the Best Modern Rock Band at the Top In Rock Awards. Their first single "You Stupid Girl" is available on iTunes and all digital retailers now. According to their Twitter page, "Back to Go Again" is the 1st single to be released in the United Kingdom instead of "You Stupid Girl". A Promise to Burn was released in stores, on iTunes, and all music retailers on May 25. The iTunes deluxe version contains 2 bonus tracks, "Can Always Quit Tomorrow" and "Pretty Faces". The band also contributed a cover of the Nirvana song In Bloom for Kerrang!'s cover album of Nevermind, released in their special edition issue celebrating the 20th anniversary of the grunge act's breakthrough release.
"The Sum Of Who We Are" (2011-present).
Through Facebook and Twitter, the band has uploaded a video explaining everything that has happened to them in the past year. Nixon explains the band leaving their record label and the struggle to make another album. They created a Kickstarter campaign to help fund their record, believing that their fans could cover the cost of making the new album by only asking a dollar per fan.
Framing Hanley enter the studio to record their successfully funded album. According to their official Twitter feed, and other fan sites, Framing Hanley has named Robert Venable as the mixing engineer for this album. On August 17, 2012, Framing Hanley revealed the title of their third album would be "The Sum Of Who We Are". On August 10, 2013, Framing Hanley announced the departure of Luke McDuffee as bassist. The original release date of the album was October 22, however due to legality issues it had been postponed. They had announced a new record deal and that the album's new release date would be April 24, 2014. There will be a single "Criminal".
Miscellaneous.
On January 30, 2012, the band released a sneak peek of one of their new songs called "Crooked Smiles". This followed up with a statement from Kenneth stating that they had written and recorded new songs, however they will not be released for a while. On March 14, the band uploaded a demo of a song called "Flight Risk" that may or may not be included in the next album. http://soundcloud.com/framing-hanley/flight-risk
The band started a kickstarter project to fund the recording of a third studio album. The rewards for donated ranged from; your name being published in the CD booklet, signed posters, t-shirts, 30 minute acoustic Skype performances and even the band traveling to your house to perform a full show. On the 14th of July, the project was fully funded. $60, 691 was pledged and the band is currently recording their third album.

</doc>
<doc id="20267199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267199" title="Wax Museum at Fishermans Wharf">
Wax Museum at Fishermans Wharf

The Wax Museum at Fisherman's Wharf, San Francisco, USA, has over 270 wax figures. Originator Thomas Fong opened the museum in 1963 after seeing the wax figures at the Seattle World's Fair and it has been run by the Fong family since. It has attracted over 400,000 visitors a year.
After 50 years at the center of Fisherman’s Wharf, a new chapter has begun for San Francisco’s famed Wax Museum at Fisherman’s Wharf (www.waxmuseum.com) guaranteeing the continuation of a Wax Museum attraction as part of the City’s tourist landscape. Merlin Entertainments, the world’s second-largest visitor attraction operator, has signed a lease with the Wax Museum building to open both a world famous Madame Tussauds San Francisco wax attraction, and The San Francisco Dungeon at Fisherman’s Wharf. Both of these exciting new attractions are scheduled to open in Summer 2014, as part of a $35 Million investment by Merlin. 
The last day of business for The Wax Museum at Fisherman's Wharf is on August 15, 2013.
Founder.
Thomas L. Fong was born in Canton Province, China on January 4, 1913 and grew up in a small village. He emigrated to San Francisco, aged 17, when a family friend who was there offered to sponsor a member of the family. By 1938 he was running a jewelry store, and developing real estate projects.
In the early 1960s Fong bought a run-down grain mill called Smith Anderson Mill, near Fisherman’s Wharf and decided to open a wax museum. The attraction opened on May 12, 1963. With the success of their first museum, the family purchased Movieland Wax Museum in Buena Park, California on April 1, 1985 and ran it until it closed on October 31, 2005.
By 1989, Thomas decided to leave the business and museum to his son Ron and his grandson Rodney Fong. He died on November 26, 2000, aged 87.
New building.
The old museum was demolished in 1998, having had over 10 million visitors since it opened, including almost half a million in the year before it closed. It reopened two years later in a new four-story building, designed by MBH Architects. Inspired by French Victorian public architecture, it cost $18m and includes retail space and a restaurant. The Wax Museum officially reopened on July 13, 2000; it is in the basement of the new building and lies nine feet below the bay level. According to Rodney Fong, in 2008 it was attracting 250,000 visitors a year of whom around 10% were from abroad.
Exhibits.
The museum displays a few figures of current interest in the lobby, which is open to the street. The bodies of the wax statues are made of wood, fiberglass, papier-mâché and beeswax. The process to make each figure and prepare it for display takes approximately two or three months. Many of the sculptures were created by Gem's Wax Figures in London. A few were crafted by Ron Fong, others by Los Angeles wax sculptor Henry Alvarez, and the museum's resident sculptor, Kahn Gasimov who was hired away from London's Madame Tussauds.
The underground exhibits contain more than 270 figures and scenes, ranging from "The Last Supper" and "Wizard of Oz" to King Tut and the Chamber of Horrors which includes Anton LaVey, the late San Francisco satanist whose wax figure attended his funeral. There are famous sports-people and important historical figures including a display of dictators featuring Fidel Castro, Saddam Hussein, Napoleon Bonaparte and Hideki Tōjō. A display of World War II generals features an authentic World War II Willys jeep and the sound of explosions and machine-gun fire. A scientists' section includes Galileo, Albert Einstein and a young Bill Gates. Other displays include famous composers, artists and current celebrities.

</doc>
<doc id="20267236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267236" title="Cave of the Crystals">
Cave of the Crystals

Cave of the Crystals or Giant Crystal Cave () is a cave connected to the Naica Mine below the surface in Naica, Chihuahua, Mexico. The main chamber contains giant selenite crystals (gypsum, CaSO4·2 H2O), some of the largest natural crystals ever found. The cave's largest crystal found to date is in length, in diameter and 55 tons in weight. The cave is extremely hot with air temperatures reaching up to with 90 to 99 percent humidity. The cave is relatively unexplored due to these factors. Without proper protection people can only endure approximately ten minutes of exposure at a time.
A group of scientists known as the "Naica Project" have been heavily involved in researching these caverns.
Formation of the crystals.
Naica lies on an ancient fault and there is an underground magma chamber below the cave. The magma heated the ground water and it became saturated with minerals, including large quantities of gypsum. The hollow space of the cave was filled with this mineral-rich hot water and remained filled for about 500,000 years. During this time, the temperature of the water remained very stable at over 50 °C (122 °F). This allowed crystals to form and grow to immense sizes.
Discovery.
In 1910 miners discovered a cavern beneath the Naica mine workings, the Cave of Swords (). It is located at a depth of 120 m, above the Cave of Crystals, and contains spectacular, smaller (1 m long) crystals. It is speculated that at this level, transition temperatures may have fallen much more rapidly, leading to an end in the growth of the crystals.
The Giant Crystal cave was discovered in 2000 by miners excavating a new tunnel for the Industrias Peñoles mining company located in Naica, Mexico, while drilling through the Naica fault, which they were concerned would flood the mine. The mining complex in Naica contains substantial deposits of silver, zinc and lead. 
The Cave of Crystals is a horseshoe-shaped cavity in limestone. Its floor is covered with perfectly-faceted crystalline blocks. Huge crystal beams jut out from both the blocks and the floor. The caves are accessible today because the mining company's pumping operations keep them clear of water. If the pumping were stopped, the caves would again be submerged in water. The crystals deteriorate in air, so the Naica Project is attempting to visually document the crystals before they deteriorate further.
Two other smaller caverns were also discovered in 2000, the Queen’s Eye Cave and the Candles’ Cave, and a further chamber was found in a drilling project in 2009. The new cave, named the Ice Palace, is 150 m deep and is not flooded, but its crystal formations are much smaller, with small 'cauliflower' formations and fine, threadlike crystals.
Exploration and scientific studies.
A scientific team coordinated by Paolo Forti, specialist of cave minerals and crystallographer at the University of Bologna (Italy) explored the cave in detail in 2006. To survive and to be able to work in the extreme temperature and humid conditions which prevent prolonged incursion in the crystal chamber, they developed their own refrigerated suits and cold breathing systems (respectively dubbed Tolomea suit and Sinusit respirator). Special caving overalls were fitted with a mattress of refrigerating tubes placed all over the body and connected to a backpack weighing about 20 kg (44 lbs) containing a reservoir filled with cold water and ice. The cooling provided by melting ice was sufficient to provide about half an hour of autonomy.
Beside mineralogical and crystallographic studies, biogeochemical and microbial characterization of the gypsum giant crystals were also performed. Stein-Erik Lauritzen (University of Bergen, Norway) performed uranium-thorium dating to determine the maximum age of the giant crystals, about 500,000 years.
Penelope Boston (New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology), speleologist and geomicrobiologist specialist of extremophile organisms realized sterile sampling of gypsum drillcores by making small boreholes inside large crystals under aseptic conditions. The aim was to detect the possible presence of ancient bacteria encapsulated inside fluid and solid inclusions present the calcium sulfate matrix from its formation.
Solid inclusions mainly consist of magnesium and iron oxy-hydroxide but no organic matter could be found associated with the solid hydroxides. No DNA from ancient bacteria could be extracted from the solid inclusions and amplified by PCR.
Microbial studies on fluid inclusions are foreseen to attempt to evidence the presence of ancient micro-organisms in the original fluid solution in which the crystals developed.
Other researches also cover the fields of palynology (pollen study), geochemistry, hydrogeology and the physical conditions prevailing in the Cave of Crystals.
Future closure.
The cave was featured on the Discovery Channel program "" in February 2011. Exploration hinted at the existence of further chambers, but further exploration would have required demolition of the crystals. It was stated that the cave would eventually be resealed and the water level allowed to rise again.

</doc>
<doc id="20267240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267240" title="Ash Mountain Entrance Sign">
Ash Mountain Entrance Sign

The Ash Mountain Entrance Sign at Sequoia National Park was constructed in 1935 by Civilian Conservation Corps craftsmen. Featuring a carved Native American face, the sign was made from blocks of sequoia wood and fastened with wrought iron brackets.
The design was first proposed by National Park Service architect Merel S. Sager in 1931, who designed a small log sign for the Ash Mountain entrance. In 1935 resident park landscape architect Harold G. Fowler created a much larger design. He recruited CCC worker George W. Munro, who had displayed a talent for woodworking, and they selected a piece of fallen sequoia wood from the Giant Forest. Fowler sketched the profile in blue chalk on the wood using an Indian Head nickel as a guide. Munro carved the wood over a several-month period and the sign was assembled and erected over the winter of 1935-36. It was moved in 1964 to make room for a new park entrance station.
The sign is supported by a four-foot-diameter sequoia log rising from a two-tiered masonry platform. The sign panel is ten feet wide by four feet high and one foot thick, carved into a profile reputed to signify Sequoyah, whose Cherokee tribe never inhabited California. The sign was originally unpainted, but assumed its present appearance in the 1950s. As originally built, a matching log pylon stood on the opposite side of the road. The pylon was removed when the sign was relocated.

</doc>
<doc id="20267259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267259" title="Nick Stagliano">
Nick Stagliano

Nick Stagliano is a film director and producer.

</doc>
<doc id="20267269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267269" title="Lithuanian Supreme Soviet election, 1990">
Lithuanian Supreme Soviet election, 1990

The Lithuanian legislative elections for 141 seats in the Supreme Soviet of the Lithuanian SSR were held in the Lithuanian SSR on 24 February with run-off elections on 4, 7, 8 and 10 March 1990. In six constituencies voter turnout was below required minimum, therefore a third round was held on April 7 and 21. For the first time since the election to the People's Seimas in 1940, non-communist candidates were allowed to run. It was the first and the only free multi-party elections in Soviet Lithuania. Pro-independence Sąjūdis movement refused to become a political party and endorsed candidates of various other political parties based on their personal merits. These endorsements often meant more than official party affiliations, and Sąjūdis-backed candidates won 91 out of 135 seats. During its third session on 11 March 1990, the Supreme Soviet of the Lithuanian SSR adopted the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania thus declaring Lithuania's independence from the Soviet Union.
Background.
On March 26, 1989, elections took place for 42 seats in the Congress of People's Deputies. Despite Easter Sunday celebrations and boycott by dissident organizations such as the Lithuanian Liberty League, the turnout reached 82.5%. The results were a sweeping victory to Sąjūdis: 36 out of its 39 candidates won against the Communist Party of Lithuania (CPL). The communists won only 6 seats; two of them were uncontested as Sąjūdis withdrew its candidates in favor of Algirdas Brazauskas and Vladimiras Beriozovas. CPL, shaken by the defeat, was losing authority and membership. To save the party, its leader Brazauskas moved closer to the pro-independence movements. The party now supported calls for "sovereignty" and cooperated with Sąjūdis. On December 7, 1989, the Supreme Soviet of the Lithuanian SSR, then fully controlled by CPL, amended the Constitution of the Lithuanian SSR eliminating Article 6, which established communist party monopoly in political life. The decision meant that Lithuania eliminated legal obstacles for a multi-party system and allowed other parties to compete in the upcoming parliamentary elections.
During its 20th congress on December 19–20, the CPL separated itself from the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU) by a vote of 855 to 160. For such insubordination Brazauskas was scolded in a special session of the Central Committee of CPSU and Mikhail Gorbachev made a personal visit to Lithuania to heal the rift in January 1990. However, such measures changed little and CPL (independent) kept slowly pushing for independence. This political divorce was not approved by hardline communists. They established a separate CPL, which was still part of the CPSU and claimed to be legal successor of the "real" CPL. This pro-Moscow group was led by Mykolas Burokevičius and included disproportionately large numbers of representatives from Russian and Polish minorities.
Campaign and results.
The main competition was between Sąjūdis and CPL (independent). While both camps agreed on the eventual goal of independent Lithuania, Sąjūdis advocated acting quickly without fearing Moscow's reaction and CPL campaigned for a step-by-step approach to avoid conflict with Moscow. Even though Sąjūdis was not a political party and was not reflected in any official statistics, its endorsements had immense influence on candidate's electability because the votes would be cast not for party lists, but for specific personalities. Such endorsements would be handed out based on personal merits and without regard to political affiliation. Therefore, a number of CPL members was backed by Sąjūdis. Other parties were formed just recently and did not enjoy widespread popularity. Of all parties participating only CPL (CPSU) did not support Lithuanian independence.
A total of 522 candidates registered for the election, but 50 dropped out before the election day. Of the remaining 472 candidates, 201 were proposed by the CPL (independent), 139 were nonpartisans, and 79 were listed by CPL (CPSU). After the first round of voting, 90 delegates were elected. In 51 constituencies, the run-off elections were held in early March. Originally scheduled for March 10, the run-off was pushed forward whenever possible so that the Supreme Soviet could meet as soon as possible. Due to low voter turnout (primarily in areas where Polish and Russian minorities concentrated), elections in six constituencies were invalid. In total, 91 out of 135 deputies were endorsed by Sąjūdis. Note that different sources often provide different breakdown between Sąjūdis, nonpartisan, and CPL (independent) delegates as the division was not clear-cut: Sąjūdis did not have formal membership while CPL kept losing its members. CPL (independent), despite internal reforms and push for independence, fared rather poorly. Observers note that the communists ran a passive campaign and lacked personalities that could compete with prominent intellectuals of Sąjūdis. Also, the campaign was framed as a referendum for Lithuania's independence – all those in support were morally obligated to vote for Sąjūdis.
Declaration of independence.
Immediately after the first round delegates gathered for semi-formal discussions and consultations. Some of the critical decisions were made during these "tea talks" between the first and second rounds of the election. The Supreme Soviet was to convene as soon as possible and declare independence without delay. The Lithuanians were afraid that during the scheduled assembly of the Congress of People's Deputies on March 12, 1990, Gorbachev would be appointed as the President of the Soviet Union and would gain greater powers within the union. Specifically, Lithuanians feared that Gorbachev would pass a law on secession that would make it virtually impossible to break away from the Soviet Union. At the time of its first gathering on March 10, the final results of the run-off election were not yet available. 
During the first session, the delegates elected a commission to verify the election results. As verification was a time consuming process, the Supreme Soviet adjourned until 9 am next morning. On March 11, the Supreme Soviet elected Vytautas Landsbergis, leader of Sąjūdis, as its chairman (91 votes) against Algirdas Brazauskas, leader of CPL, (38 votes). On the same day the Soviet changed its name to the Supreme Council of the Republic of Lithuania, re-adopted interwar coat of arms, and passed the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania (124 votes in favor, 6 abstentions, none opposed). It also abolished Soviet constitutions and re-adopted the Lithuanian Constitution of 1938, the last constitution before the Soviet occupation. It was a symbolic move to emphasize legal continuity of the interwar state as the Constitution of 1938 was suspended minutes later and replaced by the Provisional Fundamental Law, based on the Soviet constitution. Thus Lithuania officially declared its independence from the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20267308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267308" title="By the Candelabra's Glare">
By the Candelabra's Glare

"By the Candelabra's Glare" is a 1898 collection of poems written by L. Frank Baum. One of his earliest works, the book was significant in Baum's evolution from amateur to professional author.
The book.
Baum's first book, "Mother Goose in Prose", had been published in 1897 by the Chicago firm Way and Williams. The book was attractively produced, with illustrations by a young Maxfield Parrish; but its relatively high price for a children's book limited its commercial success. Publisher Way and Williams went bankrupt in 1898. For his second book, Baum reverted to his earlier amateur mode. He had had his own printing press as a youth, and had created a family newspaper; in 1898 he obtained another small printing press and some cases of type, and personally printed and bound 99 copies of a collection of his verse. (His sons took over the press when their father was done with it.)
Help from friends.
Baum had lived in Chicago since 1891, and was intimate with a circle of the city's journalists and newspaper artists. Through his trade journal "The Show Window", he knew publishers too. He solicited a coterie of friends to help him with his vanity project: he "relied on friends in the publishing trade to provide the paper, zinc etchings, inks, all other materials, including the illustrations." Eight local artists supplied pictures for the book. The eight were:
Baum dedicated the book to friend (and future creditor) Harrison H. Rountree, a businessman and brother-in-law of Chauncey L. Williams (the Williams in Way and Williams, Baum's first book publisher). Rountree would control the rights to "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" and other Baum books for two decades (1911–32), after Baum went bankrupt.
The verse.
The 41 poems in the "Candelabra" collection include sentimental and humorous verses that Baum had composed over the preceding years, some of which had been printed in newspapers, including Baum's own South Dakota paper, The Aberdeen Pioneer. One of the poems is "La Reine est Mort – Vive La Reine," a humorous look at early feminists.
Another poem, "Two Women," provides a more serious view of the same subject, in a contrast between "woman Old" and "woman New." A poem from the South Dakota years, "Nance Adkins," has a farm wife as its heroine.
Aftermath.
Though "By the Candelabra's Glare" was a privately printed vanity project, it led to Baum's first literary and commercial breakthrough. The final section of the book featured nine Baum poems for children; Baum decided to expand this into a new collection. The result was his and Denslow's "Father Goose," a major and pathbreaking success of 1899 that launched Baum's literary career. (Two poems appear in both books.)
Copies of the original edition of "By the Candelabra's Glare" are "now extremely rare and much sought by collectors." The book was published again in facsimile in 1981, with an introduction by Baum scholar Peter Hanff.

</doc>
<doc id="20267343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267343" title="Salvatore Boccaccio">
Salvatore Boccaccio

Salvatore Boccaccio (June 18, 1938 Rome - October 18, 2008 Frosinone, Italy) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Frosinone-Veroli-Ferentino from July 9, 1999, until his death on October 18, 2008, at the age of 70 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="20267344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267344" title="Nemetin">
Nemetin

Nemetin is a village in eastern Slavonia, Croatia, located near Osijek. It has a population of 177 (census 2001). It is administratively located within the area of the city of Osijek.
The village was the site of the largest prisoner exchange in the Croatian War of Independence when on August 14, 1992, 662 Croatian soldiers and civilians were returned from Yugoslavian custody. Most of the prisoners had been incarcerated in the Sremska Mitrovica camp in Serbia. A group of citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina were also freed as part of the transfer, including Sulejman Tihić. A memorial to the event was unveiled on its fifteenth anniversary.
During the war the area was mined. In 2006, a business zone in the area was officially demined.

</doc>
<doc id="20267367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267367" title="Maryland–Penn State football rivalry">
Maryland–Penn State football rivalry

The Maryland–Penn State football rivalry is an American college football rivalry between the Maryland Terrapins football team of the University of Maryland and Penn State Nittany Lions football team of the Pennsylvania State University.
Series history.
The two teams first played in 1917. Penn State has thoroughly dominated this series throughout its entire existence, with Maryland winning only a single game and holding Penn State to a single tie. Penn State's record in the series is 35–1–1, with the longest winning streak being 24 games between 1962–88. The last game was played in 1993, when the series had run uninterrupted since 1984.
Penn State and Maryland met in briefly interrupted stretches between 1917 and 1993, with a near-consecutive run played all but three years between 1960 and 1993. The teams have not met since, most likely due to the disproportionate nature of the series. However, the one-sided record belies what was often a competitive match-up until its final years. While Maryland only compiled one win and one tie, numerous games were narrowly lost by missed field goals and turnovers. In 1985, for example, Maryland missed three field goals to eventually lose 20–18. In 1975, a field goal attempt by placekicker Mike Sochko hit the upright with less than a minute remaining, and Maryland lost, 15–13.
Aside from the painful memories for Maryland, both schools compete aggressively for recruits in the Baltimore-Washington metropolitan area and southeastern Pennsylvania. When they did play, the game held recruiting implications for the entire mid-Atlantic. A more recent example of the recruiting competition is Baltimore-area player Antonio Logan-El, who made a verbal commitment to Maryland, but ultimately signed with Penn State on live television in 2006. Penn State secured a large number of recruits from the Baltimore-Washington area with its 2006 class, including the 11th-overall 2009 NFL Draft pick, defensive end Aaron Maybin of Ellicott City, Maryland, who had considered attending Maryland.
Prior to Maryland's announcement to join the Big Ten, former Maryland head coach Ralph Friedgen and Penn State athletic spokesman Jeff Nelson had previously stated that the schools had undergone discussions in an attempt to schedule a rematch. Maryland and Penn State were unable to agree on the terms for a revival. In 2008, Maryland officials alleged that Penn State demanded a two-to-one ratio of home games, which Penn State officials denied. Then new Maryland Head Coach Randy Edsall looked forward to a resumption of the rivalry in 2011 
On November 19, 2012, Maryland announced that it would be joining the Big Ten Conference, effective July 1, 2014. The Terrapins will be placed in the East Division with the Nittany Lions, ensuring that the rivalry will resume on a yearly basis. The first rematch will be at Beaver Stadium on November 1, 2014.
Game results.
"Maryland victories are shaded in red. Penn State victories are shaded in blue. Ties are white."

</doc>
<doc id="20267369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267369" title="Gurkha (cigar)">
Gurkha (cigar)

Gurkha is a brand of hand-rolled cigars, known for the manufacture of premium products using artistically-oriented packaging. The company is known as the maker of the His Majesty's Reserve cigar, a limited-production cigar infused with rare cognac, whose price of $15,000 per box makes it the most expensive cigar in the world. The name derives from the Gurkha, people of Nepal.
History.
The Gurkha Cigar Company was founded by Kaizad Hansotia, a man born in India and raised in Hong Kong and London. His family was well known for manufacturing custom watches, specializing in luxury timepieces. Late in the 1980s, Hansotia dropped out of Miami Dade College, to enter the family business. 
While on vacation in Goa, India in 1989, Hansotia met a Portuguese man making and selling cigars. Hansotia decided, on the spot, to buy the man's entire stock and brand name — Gurkha — so as to have a unique gift to hand out to his customers at the watch company. The price of the entire purchase of the Gurkha name and inventory was just $149.
One box of these early Gurkha cigars was sent to a friend who owned a duty-free shop. He was so impressed that he decided that he wanted to obtain more. Hansotia spotted a new business opportunity and was introduced to cigarmaker Charlie Toraño, by a mutual friend.
Hansotia later recalled:
"I was looking for a good company to roll my product, a family that not only knew how to grow tobacco but also had an extensive knowledge in the art of manufacturing cigars. The Toraños were the best, and I still consider them the best."
As a newcomer to cigarmaking, Hansotia sought to challenge the staid norms of product packaging which had dominated the cigar industry for generations. "All the manufacturers packaged their product the same way their grandfathers did", Hansotia remembered:
"I wanted my packaging to practically jump off the shelves! You have to hit all the senses; every detail is noticed. I wanted to create a piece of furniture with cigars in it."
Hansotia consciously attempted to create a luxury product, a so-called "boutique brand":
"You have your Ford, Toyota, and GM, who make very good cars that are mass-marketed and sold to the public. You're not going to fight with them — they are too powerful and too big. And then you have a company like ours, which is like Ferrari or Bentley. They only make a small amount to assure the utmost in quality and construction. The person who smokes our cigars wants a luxurious cigar they can smoke on a Friday or Saturday night, or during a very special occasion."
In this vein, Hansotia introduced the 'Grand Reserve', a cigar infused with vintage cognac, a product which sold for $120 each, a virtually unheard of price at the time. This infusion process was taken to the next level in 1996, when Hansotia paired 18-year-old tobacco with an entire bottle of Louis XIII de Rémy Martin for each box of 20 cigars, naming the new creation 'His Majesty's Reserve'. This extremely limited product retails for $15,000 per box, making it the most expensive cigar ever made.
According to Roy MacLaren, Vice President Sales and Marketing for Gurkah Cigars:
"Gurkha Cigars was pleased to learn that during Clinton's administration, President Clinton was a huge fan of the Gurkha Grand Reserve Cigar as it is among many in the Washington circuit. In light of the recent announcement about the HBO movie "Special Relationship" featuring Clinton's personal relationships, Gurkha Cigars is happy to announce that they too are part of oval office history."
Cigar range.
Gurkha's cigars:

</doc>
<doc id="20267384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267384" title="Joulutarina">
Joulutarina

Joulutarina (English title: "Christmas Story") is a 2007 Finnish film directed by Juha Wuolijoki. It is the story of how an orphan called Nikolas became Santa Claus. The Finnish premiere was on 16 November 2007. It was largely shot on location in Utsjoki.
Plot.
Many years ago, in Lapland, a boy named Nikolas is orphaned when his family are killed in an accident. The heads of the families in the village meet to decide his future and, as life in the arctic is difficult, it is decided that as no one family could care for him permanently, they would raise him communally, with each family taking him for one year and then moving him on to the next. Grateful, Nikolas begins whittling toys out of wood as a gift which, each Christmas, he leaves for the family that cared for him. It becomes a tradition from then, with Nikolas never forgets the children of those families that received him each year. When a blight hits the village, and none of the families can afford to take him in for the next year, he is taken in by grumpy hermit Iisakki as his carpenter's apprentice. Iisakki works him hard but Nikolas is clever and quick to learn, and Iisakki gradually grows to love Nikolas as his own son. Nikolas begins to live more and more for the spirit of Christmas with each passing year and it becomes his life and as he grows old he becomes the figure known as Santa Claus.

</doc>
<doc id="20267393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267393" title="Hurricane Kristy (2006)">
Hurricane Kristy (2006)

Hurricane Kristy in 2006 was a relatively long-lived tropical cyclone in the 2006 Pacific hurricane season. It developed on August 30 from a tropical wave off the southwest coast of Mexico, and quickly intensified to attain hurricane status, reaching peak winds of 80 mph (130 km/h). Subsequently, Kristy weakened from cooler waters and increased wind shear from Hurricane John to its northeast. Steering currents weakened, and turning to a southerly drift, it weakened to a tropical depression by September 2. The next day it briefly regained tropical storm status, only to again deteriorate to depression status. After turning to the west, Kristy encountered marginally favorable conditions and attained tropical storm status for a third time, though unfavorable conditions caused it to dissipate on September 9. The storm never affected land, although initially there was a slight threat to Clarion Island. Within the National Hurricane Center area of warning responsibility east of 140ºW, Hurricane Kristy was the longest-lasting tropical cyclone of the season.
Genesis.
A tropical wave moved off the west coast of Africa on August 13. With a large swirl of low clouds and little convection, the system tracked westward for two weeks across the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, before crossing Central America on August 22. On August 29, the system became better organized, consisting of a broad low pressure area and thunderstorm activity. The convection persisted and organized further, and at 0000 UTC on August 30 it developed into Tropical Depression Twelve-E about 600 mi (970 km) southwest of the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula.
Upon becoming a tropical cyclone, the depression was experiencing slight easterly wind shear, which distorted the convection to the west of the circulation. However, favorable conditions for strengthening were expected, and the depression was forecast to reach peak winds of 50 mph (85 km/h) before weakening. It tracked slowly northwestward along the southern periphery of a ridge, and quickly intensified into Tropical Storm Kristy after convection increased over its circulation center. By that time, wind shear had decreased to very low levels, and with very warm waters, the storm was expected to quickly intensify to reach hurricane status. By late on August 30, the convection was wrapping into the center while an eye feature became intermittent. Organization continued, and Kristy attained hurricane status early on August 31, about 30 hours after forming. Six hours after attaining hurricane status, an eye-like featured was evident on satellite imagery, and it is estimated Kristy attained peak winds of 80 mph (130 km/h) about 550 mi (880 km) southwest of the southern tip of the Baja California. However, satellite-derived intensity estimates suggested the hurricane could have been as strong as 105 mph (170 km/h), or as weak as a tropical storm.
Weakening and demise.
Subsequently, wind shear increased, caused by the outflow of powerful Hurricane John to its east. Additionally, the hurricane moved into an area of cooler water temperatures, and as a result its appearance became ragged and amorphous. At the same time, steering currents weakened, and the future of Kristy was uncertain; the NHC forecast the hurricane to continue slowly westward, dissipating within four days. However, other hurricane models suggested a motion to the southwest, and two models predicted a Fujiwhara effect, or an orbiting of two tropical cyclones, which would eventually result in Kristy being absorbed by Hurricane John. On September 1, Kristy weakened to tropical storm status, and it weakened faster as dry air encroached the storm. It turned southeastward as the ridge to its north strengthened. On September 2, the circulation became exposed from the convection, and it was forecast to degenerate into a remnant low within 24 hours. Later that day, Kristy weakened to tropical depression status.
By September 3, Tropical Depression Kristy was without persistent deep convection for about 18 hours. However, thunderstorms increased around the center later that day, developing a shallow eye-like feature. The convection persisted along the western periphery of the circulation, and it is estimated Kristy re-attained tropical storm status about 24 hours after it was first downgraded to depression status. Around the same time, the cyclone began a steady motion to the southwest. Its re-intensification was short-lived, as continued wind shear weakened the convection and left the center devoid of any thunderstorms. On September 4, Kristy weakened to tropical depression status, and though quick dissipation was predicted, officials noted that intermittent convection flares could develop. One such convection flare occurred on September 5, which persisted around the center and warranted Kristy being upgraded to tropical storm status. By that time, wind shear had decreased somewhat and the storm had turned westward, and with a track through warm water temperatures, Kristy was forecast to maintain tropical storm status for five days.
At one point as a tropical storm, the thunderstorm activity around Kristy appeared to be organizing into hooking bands, and further intensification was considered likely, potentially as strong as 60 mph (95 km/h). However, the thunderstorm activity decreased markedly on September 6, primarily from dry air entrainment, and it weakened to tropical depression status for the last time. In one forecast, Kristy was predicted to move into the area of warning responsibility of the Central Pacific Hurricane Center, or west of 140ºW. However, the depression was unable to maintain organized convection around its center for a few days, and Kristy degenerated into a remnant low on September 8. The low turned to the southwest, degenerating into a tropical wave on September 9 about 1500 miles (2400 km) southeast of the island of Hawaii, or about 1600 miles (2600 km) southwest of the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula. The remnant disturbance continued westward, and initially Kristy was believed to have developed into Tropical Depression Two-C in the central Pacific Ocean; however, post-season analysis concluded the systems were separate.

</doc>
<doc id="20267437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267437" title="Teofil Simchowicz">
Teofil Simchowicz

Teofil Simchowicz (June 3, 1879 - December 31, 1957) was a Polish neurologist who was born in Ciechanowiec near Warsaw, Poland. He studied medicine at the Imperial University of Warsaw, and received a medical degree in 1905. In years 1907-1910 he worked in Munich under Alois Alzheimer, studying neuropathological changes in dementia. During World War II he emigrated to Palestine.
He discovered granulovacuolar degeneration (of Simchowicz), observed in hippocampal pyramidal cells in Alzheimer's disease. 

</doc>
<doc id="20267474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267474" title="Hexes (band)">
Hexes (band)

Hexes is a British hardcore punk band featuring the former A bassist, current guitar player for Bloodhound Gang and presenter of BBC Radio 1's Rock Show, Daniel P. Carter. On 2008's "Eyes Like Knives" EP they covered Death from Above 1979 song "Blood On Our Hands." The band are signed to Undergroove Records.
They have toured with the likes of Gallows, Finch, CKY, Lostprophets, Kids In Glass Houses, The Used and The Ghost of a Thousand. In 2008 the band played the Radio 1 lock-up stage at the Reading and Leeds Festivals and in 2009 they played the Tuborg stage at Download Festival and later played the Rocksound tent at Guilfest. In August 2010 they will play at the Hevy Music Festival near Folkestone.
Discography.
1. Eyes Like Knives<br>
2. Pissholes in the Snow<br>
3. Blood On Our Hands
1. Semaphore Kids<br>
2. Eyes Like Knives<br>
3. Sirhan Sirhan Sirhan<br>
4. Curse the Rotten<br>
5. Carrion Abroad<br>
6. 'Hey Drama...'<br>
7. The Score<br>
8. Kiss the Guns<br>
9. Lipgloss Ghosts<br>
10. Hot Ice / Punishment Soirée<br>
11. The New Immediatists<br>
12. The Invisible War
1. Harmonia<br>
2. Procession<br>
3. We Can Only Blame Ourselves

</doc>
<doc id="20267494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267494" title="Elevator Gallery">
Elevator Gallery

Elevator Gallery is a contemporary art venue associated with Mother Studios, located on the fifth floor of a former chocolate factory in Hackney Wick, Hackney, east London, England. It was opened on 20 October 2007, with its opening show 'Magical Thinking'. Since then it has mainly been curated by artists Simon Reuben-White and Snoozie Hexagon. Subsequent exhibitions have been 'Interface', 'Dead Bodies and Cardboard', 'Relocating Absence'(co-curated with Elisa Tosoni) and 'The Tomorrow People', and 'In Its Wake' (guest curated by Lisa Peachy). Elevator Gallery was one of the galleries that participated in the Hackney Wicked arts festivals 2008 and 2009.
Elevator is also known for its performance, film and club nights such as its regular 'Zero de Conduite' events. One of the most successful of these events was its 'Happy Birthday Elevator' night, which took place on the evening of 20 October 2008, to mark its first preview night that took place the year before.
Elevator has been a featured gallery on the "artreview.com" website.

</doc>
<doc id="20267502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267502" title="Eric Burden">
Eric Burden

Eric Burden (born 22 December 1963) is a retired Welsh darts player.
Career.
Burden played in the BDO World Darts Championship four times and lost in the first round each time. He lost in 1989 to Russell Stewart, in 1991 to Bob Sinnaeve, in 1994 to Leo Laurens and in 1996 to Per Skau. Burden also played in the Winmau World Masters three times, again losing in the first round each time. In 1985, he lost to Tony Payne, in 1993 to George Dalgleish and in 1994 to Les Wallace. Despite his poor record on televised majors, Burden fared better on floor events, reaching the final of the 1990 WDF Europe Cup, losing to Phil Taylor and the 1995 WDF World Cup, losing to Martin Adams. Burden won the 1994 Swedish Open, beating local player Magnus Caris in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20267538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267538" title="Our Feature Presentation">
Our Feature Presentation

Our Feature Presentation is a 2008 independent comedy film directed by Gardner Loulan and written by Gardner Loulan and Joseph Brady.
Production.
"Our Feature Presentation" is a low budget independent film. Cast and crew include many professionals and volunteers. The director is Gardner Loulan who is a host for NBC's show "1st Look". During production Gardner was a VJ and writer on the MTV college station, MTVU. The entire film was cast and shot in 2006 in Palo Alto, California: auditions for cast were held April 28–30; callbacks were on May 13–14; pre-production began May 15; principal filming began June 15 and wrapped on July 15. Post-production was done in New York City and had its theatrical premiere in Atherton, California on December 21, 2008.
Plot.
Cody Weever (played by Chad Eschman) grew up a child who loved films and yearned to make one with the help of his doting grandfather Alexander Weever (Ron Crawford), a former Hollywood star. His mother(Diane Tasca), an irascible self-made billionaire, refuses to fund Cody's project, leaving him resentful yet determined. At the same time, and much to his dismay, an unconfirmed rumor begins to spread in Cody's small affluent town of Buck Valley that the beautiful but untalented Hollywood star and salt fortune heiress Jasmine Danell (Christina Rosenberg) wants to star in Cody's film in order to make her current lover and famed French-Canadian director LeStat LeChaton (Craig Lewis), jealous. The residents of town react to the news by confronting Cody, and one by one lobbying to be a part of the film. His ego and ambition overpower Cody, and he allows the people of the town to distract and corrupt his initial vision. Jasmine stars in his film, and Cody's brother auctions the directorial role to LeChaton much to Cody's dismay. Finally, and after significant personal compromise, with his production usurped and his unprofessional cast and crew, Cody attempts to sabotage his set only to realize it has taken on a life of its own.

</doc>
<doc id="20267552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267552" title="Peter Katz">
Peter Katz

Peter Katz is an American film producer. His work includes "Pop Skull", "Home Sick" and "Mortuary".
Career.
Katz has produced genre films that have screened at the AFI Fest, Rome Film Festival, as well as the New Zealand International Film Festival. He was one of the producers on "Mortuary", which was helmed by director Tobe Hooper. His newest feature, "Pop Skull", has received positive reviews from such press as "Variety", San Francisco Bay Guardian, and "Fangoria". "Pop Skull" was the subject an experiment in neuromarketing that mapped audiences reactions to individual scenes in the film. Katz said that the information would be used to make more effective films that were properly marketed to audience desires.
In addition to making feature films, Peter has organized multimedia panels at Comic Con. Currently, Peter is developing projects across various mediums including film, comics, and the web.
Awards.
"Pop Skull"

</doc>
<doc id="20267564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267564" title="Changling Rinpoche XV">
Changling Rinpoche XV

Ngawang Lekshey Gyaltso (born 1977, Kalimpong, India) is the fifteenth in the lineage of Changling Rinpoches. His lineage was started by the Tibetan Rechungpa who lived in the eleventh century. 
Recognition.
In 1985, Khabje Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche and Khabje Penor Rinpoche recognized Changling Rinpoche as the main tulku of Changchub Ling Monastery in the Ü-Tsang region of Central Tibet. The news came to Rinpoche’s family in Kalimpong via a letter written by the Khabjes.
Rinpoche’s grandmother, surprised by the news, took it upon herself to look into the situation. She traced the source to an old yogi, Lama Trakden, a student of the previous Changling Lingpa. Lama Trakden had gone to see Khyentse Rinpoche who was giving teachings in Mysore at Penor Rinpoche’s monastery and requested him to recognize the "tulku" of his root teacher. This is how it came about that both Khyentse Rinpoche and Penor Rinpoche made the recognition together.
Studies.
As an 11 year old boy, Rinpoche entered Shechen Monastery and was enthroned by Khyentse Rinpoche and ordained by Trulshik Rinpoche. In the first year Rinpoche learned how to read and write Tibetan. The following year Shechen opened its philosophical college and Khyentse Rinpoche put Changling Tulku into the program when he was twelve, an age considerably younger than usual. When Rinpoche was fifteen, his root teacher Khyentse Rinpoche died. At age sixteen Rinpoche began to give teachings to others students in college. At eighteen Shechen Rabjam Rinpoche, abbot of Shechen Monastery, sent Changling Rinpoche to complete his studies of the Heart Sutra under the tutelage of the great khenpos of Penor Rinpoche’s college in Mysore. Rinpoche took full monk’s ordination at age twenty with Trulshik Rinpoche. Rinpoche graduated with a khenpo degree at the age of twenty-one.
Career.
Since the death of Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche, Rinpoche’s main tutors are Khabjes Trulshik Rinpoche, Dodrupchen Rinpoche, Penor Rinpoche, Taklung Tsetrul Rinpoche and Shechen Rabjam Rinpoche. Rinpoche teaches the senior students at Shechen College and those in a traditional three-year retreat, and teaches ritual and Nyingma tantra to senior students.
In previous years Changling Rinpoche was in charge of a section of the Shechen Monastery called "dratsang", "the collection of monks". He has been a director of Shechen Monastery. Currently he is devoting his time to writing commentaries on the works of Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche and searching out missing texts of the Northern Treasure Lineage. As the abbot of the Sechen Monastery "shedra" (monastic college), he holds a post previously held by such lamas as Mipham Rinpoche, Shechen Gyaltsap and Khenpo Gangshar.
Foreign travel.
Rinpoche was warmly received when he began to travel and teach outside of Nepal, starting with Australia in 2002. His youthful enthusiasm combined with his knowledge of Buddhist doctrine and command of English language added to his appeal. He began to teach in Australia, in North America in 2004 and in Europe in 2005. His activities in Canada are currently centered in Vancouver, Victoria, Sechelt and Vancouver Island in British Columbia. In the United States he has visited both coasts: Santa Cruz, California, and the New York area. In 2008 he also visited Halifax, Berkeley, Boston, and Atlanta. In 2010 the Canadian and United States organizations of the Northern Treasures lineage hosted a visit by the rebirth of his teacher, Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche.

</doc>
<doc id="20267570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267570" title="Ron Crawford">
Ron Crawford

Ron Crawford ( October 11, 1945) (age 65) is an actor and artist.

</doc>
<doc id="20267580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267580" title="NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit">
NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit

The Norceca Beach Volleyball Circuit is a sport competition for national teams in the sport of beach volleyball. 
The championship combines events for men and women, and is held annually, organized by the NORCECA (the North American volleyball federation).
Men's Tournament.
History.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20267588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267588" title="Cary Collection of Playing Cards">
Cary Collection of Playing Cards

The Cary Collection of Playing Cards, held at the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library of Yale University in the USA, is one of the most significant assemblages of materials relating to playing cards and related ephemera in North America.
Overview.
The collection is comparable to card collections held by the United States Playing Card Company, the Bibliothèque Nationale, the Deutsches Spielkarten Museum, and the British Museum. The collection lays claim to more than 2600 packs of cards, 460 sheets of uncut card papers, and 150 wood blocks for printing cards.
Included in the collection are cards from all over the world, including Italy, Germany, Korea, and Iran. In addition to the card collections themselves, other ephemera related to the act of playing card games also belong to the collection, including various rulebooks and a variety of gaming counters. The true value of the collection lies in the wisdom of its principal collector, who desired to amass a collection that reflected in some depth both standard and non-standard cards. As a result, the Cary Collection has close to, if not "the", greatest variety of both types of cards. 
History of the collection.
Although the card collection is named after Melbert B. Cary, Jr., a wealthy importer, the collection actually began in 1945 with the donation of a sizeable amount of cards and books from Mrs Samuel H. Fisher. Her donations were significant, spanning approximately five hundred years of the history of the playing card and reaching as far back as the 15th century. Despite Mrs Fisher's initial donation, the collection did not gain its current reputation as a premier collection until the late 1960s when Cary's widow, Mary Flagler Cary, donated the couple's collection to Yale. Since then, the collection has continued to grow due to a generous bequest that accompanied the Cary's donation and that stipulates that the money can only be used for the purchase of playing cards and related materials.
Tarot and fortune telling cards.
The Cary Collection is not merely composed of standard playing cards, but also contains tarot cards as well as cards related to cartomancy, or the divination of one's fortune based upon interpretation of various cards. The Beinecke Library guards two of the earliest still-existing tarot decks in the world, the Visconti and the Este tarot cards. Of the two, the Visconti cards are probably the most well-known. These cards were commissioned by the Visconti family in the mid-15th century and may be the oldest tarot card deck still in existence.
The Visconti and Este tarot cards are not the only such cards in the Cary Collection. There are also French suited animal tarots from Belgium and some Marseilles type tarots. Also included are non-tarot cartomantic decks. In 2006, the Beinecke acquired a pack of cards that were enclosed in every packet of Black Cat Virginia cigarettes, and in 2007 a deck of seventy-eight photographic tarot cards was added to the collection.

</doc>
<doc id="20267601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267601" title="Greater Baltimore Urban League">
Greater Baltimore Urban League

The Greater Baltimore Urban League was established in 1924 as a local affiliate of the National Urban League. Like the National Urban League, the Greater Baltimore Urban League is a non-profit organization whose mission is to empower African Americans and promote economic and social equality in Maryland.
The League provides many services ranging from youth programs, such as after school literacy and technology education, to employment opportunities and classes for first time home buyers.
The Greater Baltimore Urban League also has auxiliary groups. One of these is the Greater Baltimore Leadership Association, which promotes the goals of the League by encouraging political involvement, social activism, financial literacy, and education and professional development. The other auxiliary is the Greater Baltimore Urban League Guild, an organization of volunteers who donate time to various League activities.
Baltimore business executive Raymond V. Haysbert was chairman of the board of directors at the time of his death on May 24, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20267647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267647" title="OG-OS">
OG-OS

OG-OS is a Linux distribution based on gOS and Ubuntu. The project is currently in an alpha stage. OG-OS will be free as beta but the official release will be commercial. currently OG-OS is being ported on a custom gaming console produced by the developer of the OS.

</doc>
<doc id="20267651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267651" title="Chronicles of Chaos">
Chronicles of Chaos

Chronicles of Chaos is the title of:

</doc>
<doc id="20267658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267658" title="Dan Godfread">
Dan Godfread

Daniel Joseph "Dan" Godfread (born June 14, 1967 in Fort Wayne, Indiana) is a retired American professional basketball player at the center position with the Minnesota Timberwolves in the 1990–91 NBA season and the Houston Rockets in the 1991–92 NBA season. He also played in the Continental Basketball Association for the Rockford Lightning.
He played collegiately for the Evansville Purple Aces after attending Stillman Valley High School in Stillman Valley, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="20267666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267666" title="Virginia A. Seitz">
Virginia A. Seitz

Virginia A. Seitz (born August 1, 1956) is an American attorney who specializes in constitutional law, labor law, employment law and administrative law. She served as the United States Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel in the United States Department of Justice from 2011 until stepping down in December 2013. Seitz was confirmed to the post by the Senate in a voice vote on June 28, 2011.
Early life and education.
Seitz's father, Collins J. Seitz, was a chancellor of Delaware who wrote the 1952 decision in "Gebhart v. Belton", which paved the way for "Brown v. Board of Education".
Seitz earned a bachelor's degree in 1978 from Duke University, and was a Rhodes Scholar. She earned an M.A. Oxon. in 1980 from Oxford University. She earned a law degree in 1985 from the University at Buffalo Law School.
After law school, Seitz clerked from 1985 until 1986 for Judge Harry T. Edwards of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Seitz then clerked from 1986 until 1987 for Associate Justice William Brennan of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Professional career.
In 1998, Seitz joined Sidley Austin as a partner in the firm's Washington office.
In November of 2011, Seitz was included on "The New Republic's" list of Washington's most powerful, least famous people. 
Possible nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court.
In November 2008, Legal Times reported that Seitz's name was being discussed as a possible nominee to the Supreme Court of the United States by Barack Obama.
Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel.
On August 4, 2010, National Public Radio reported that Seitz was the leading candidate to serve as the Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel in the United States Department of Justice. President Obama had not appointed a Senate-confirmed nominee to head the OLC, and his previous nominee for the job, Dawn Johnsen, withdrew her candidacy after it languished for more than a year in the face of opposition from Senate Republicans.
On January 5, 2011, Obama nominated Seitz to be Assistant Attorney General for OLC.
The full United States Senate confirmed Seitz in a voice vote on June 28, 2011.
During Seitz's tenure, she wrote an opinion that stated that the U.S. Senate's periodic pro forma sessions did not interrupt a Senate recess and thus did not prevent the president from making recess appointments. The issue is pending before the U.S. Supreme Court.
Seitz resigned as Assistant Attorney General, effective December 20, 2013.
Personal.
Seitz's husband, Roy McLeese, served as Assistant to the Solicitor General during a brief period in the 1990s. He recently rejoined the Office of the Solicitor General as Acting Deputy Solicitor General to cover the position that longtime deputy Michael Dreeben vacated while on leave to teach.

</doc>
<doc id="20267671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267671" title="Trevor Nurse">
Trevor Nurse

Trevor Nurse is a former Scottish darts player.
Nurse played in the 1989 BDO World Darts Championship, losing in the first round to Sweden's Magnus Caris. He returned to the Lakeside in 1994, but again lost in the first round, this time to fellow Scot Ronnie Sharp, who went on to reach the semi-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="20267680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267680" title="Evangel Christian School (Colonial Heights, Virginia)">
Evangel Christian School (Colonial Heights, Virginia)

Evangel Christian School of Colonial Heights, Virginia, United States, is a non-denominational private Christian school. The school has grades K–12, and an enrollment of 129 students.

</doc>
<doc id="20267707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267707" title="Tamon Machida">
Tamon Machida

Machida previously played for Roasso Kumamoto in the J. League.

</doc>
<doc id="20267735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267735" title="Federal Corporation">
Federal Corporation

Federal Corporation () is a Taiwan based tire manufacturer, headquartered in Taoyuan, Jhongli City, Taiwan. Today, it operates under the name of Federal Group which includes marketing, real estate divisions, and two tire manufacturing plants: original plant in Jhongli, Taiwan and 100% owned plant in China, Jiangxi, Nanchang (acquired in 1997). 
The company has two major brands: Federal Tires and Hero Tires. The Federal brand is aimed at positioning on global market, and Hero is mostly targeted to the internal market of mainland China.
Federal Tires.
Federal Tires is a major brand of Taiwan based Federal Corporation. Brand is widely known worldwide, especially in the US, Japan, and Australia, for its motorsports and racing designed products. Federal brand is also warmly accepted by drifters worldwide for reasonable price, outstanding performance, and high reliability.
Federal Tires offer a wide range of tires, including winter series, light truck, commercial truck tires and its major product - passenger car tires ranging from passenger/touring class to fitting performance & super-cars UHP tires.
Hero Tires.
The Hero Tires brandname is a secondary brand of Federal Corporation, most of JFT produced tires resemble Federal branded tires in designation. Recently the company started implementing new strategy of promoting Hero worldwide as an Asian tire brand.
Marketing.
The Company is an active promoter of drifting, time attack, circuit racing and rallying worldwide, with most activities in the UK, US, Japan and Australia, actively being sponsors to different racing teams,drivers, and events.

</doc>
<doc id="20267779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267779" title="Kenichi Kawano">
Kenichi Kawano


</doc>
<doc id="20267840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267840" title="Atsushi Ichimura">
Atsushi Ichimura


</doc>
<doc id="20267842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267842" title="United States border security concerns">
United States border security concerns

The concept of border security in the United States of America shares a complex relationship with the persistent threat of terrorism. Border security includes the protection of land borders, ports, and airports. The relationship is unique in the sense that the federal government must constantly reevaluate and tweak its border security policy to address the perceived threats posed to the United States through the form of human terrorism or the smuggling and detonation of a weapon of mass destruction.
Historical context.
Directly after the events of September 11, 2001, the Federal Government typically placed a higher priority on obvious aspects of homeland security, such as intelligence reform, as opposed to border security. However, the government as well as the American public eventually reasoned that in order for a high-magnitude attack like September 11 to occur, something had to be seriously wrong with the border security apparatuses that were in place at the time. After all, every single one of the terrorist hijackers on September 11 had been a recipient of a temporary U.S tourist visa, which means they were legally allowed to be in the United States. If nineteen men who were committed to causing harm to Americans were capable of getting past the government screening restrictions that were in place, one could only imagine how great of a threat to America was posed by the largely unchecked long Canadian border, the long Mexican border, and the many unsecured ports. However, the American public also questions why cracking down on illegal entries will hinder the ability of terrorists who enter the country legally.
Ever since September 11, many actions have been taken to improve border security in the United States. The creation of the Department of Homeland Security in 2002 as well as the implementation of many new policies and procedures (both classified and unclassified) has without a doubt made America's borders, ports, and airports safer than they were in 2001. However, there is no question that the threats posed by terrorism via America's land borders, ports, and airports still exist; and there are still questions as to whether the United States is truly safe from another attack.
Threats of terrorism.
Land borders.
The sheer sizes of both the Canadian and Mexican borders present the Federal Government's security forces with challenges with regards to their ability to protect the homeland. According to a 2004 report from the Congressional Research Service, there are "great difficulties in securing the many points through which people and goods may enter legally, and the thousands of miles of ‘lines’, thinly guarded stretches of coasts and land borders which entry is illegal."
Given the phenomenon of undocumented migration at the U.S.-Mexico border, some government officials and political candidates have made public statements referring to the threat of terrorists crossing the Southwest border. However, as the Washington Office on Latin America's Border Fact Check blog has pointed out, the Mexico section of the State Department's 2012 Country Reports on Terrorism notes that "No known international terrorist organization had an operational presence in Mexico and no terrorist group targeted U.S. citizens in or from Mexican territory.", and in 2011 the Department of Homeland Security affirmed that it did not have "any credible information on terrorist groups operating along the Southwest border."
Ports.
The Federal Government faces threats to national security through its many ports. As part of her testimony at a Congressional Hearing on container security, JayEtta Hecker, Director for Physical Infrastructure Issues at the Government Accountability Office, said "drugs and illegal aliens are routinely smuggled into this country, not only in small boats but also hidden among otherwise legitimate cargoes on large commercial ships. These same pathways are available for exploitation by a terrorist organization or any nation or person wishing to attack us surreptitiously." Ms. Hecker's testimony also touched on the fact that the sheer number of cargo containers that enter the United States augments this threat. According to the March 2008 edition of Scientific American, more than 42 million containers enter American ports each year.
Airports.
More than 87 million people enter the U.S. every year through airports, which makes them a primary point of entry for potential terrorists. For example in May 2012, the C.I.A. revealed that it uncovered a plot to bring down a commercial plane using explosive devices. According to the C.I.A. these plans belonged to members of Al Qaeda.
The story of Ra’ed al-Banna demonstrates that the threat of an attack of this manner still exists.
Current policies and security mechanisms.
Land borders.
In a 2008 article for the Manhattan Institute, Rudolph Giuliani claimed that border security is one of the most critical issues facing the United States today and should by monitored by a single organization that embraced CompStat, the organizational philosophy of the NYPD. A myriad of agencies guard America's land borders, including the United States Border Patrol, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement(ICE), the Department of Homeland Security, and the National Guard.
The Department of Homeland Security has completed nearly 700 miles of fencing along the borders. The Department of Homeland Security have reported that 20,700 border patrol agents in 2011. In addition, the Border Patrol now has more than 18,300 agents deployed on both the southern and northern border. The Department of Homeland Security uses technology along the border such as unattended ground sensors, truck-mounted mobile surveillance systems, remote video surveillance systems, unmanned aerial systems, fixed- and rotary-wing aircraft, and the Augmented Integrated Surveillance Intelligence System (ISIS).
Ports.
From 2001 to 2006, the Federal Government increased funding for port security by 700%. This increase in funding allowed the Department of Homeland Security to implement a defense in depth against external threats. U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the U.S. Coast Guard, Terminal Operator, and the Port Authority shared responsibility for providing security at American ports. In 2006, those agencies screened all cargo entering the country. U.S. Customs and Border Patrol utilized X-ray, gamma ray machines, and radiation detection devices to screen cargo, operating over 680 radiation portal monitors and over 170 large scale non-intrusive inspection devices. In addition, there were more than 600 canine teams that could "identify narcotics, bulk currency, human beings, explosives, agricultural pests, and chemical weapons" working U.S. ports of entry.
Airports.
Airport security mechanisms must be quick, efficient, and effective due to the massive amounts of travelers, the Department of Homeland Security has implemented the Automated Targeting System, a data mining program. The Automated Targeting System works by collecting information from airlines such as passport data, credit card numbers, and identity information. That information is then run against a list of known terrorists, phone numbers connected to terrorist cells, and other pertinent intelligence data.
On November 19, 2001, the United States passed the Aviation and Transportation Security Act, creating the Transportation Security AdministrationTSA, and requiring airlines to give information of all U.S. bound travelers to the Department of Homeland Security. This data is fed into the Automated Targeting System and helps TSA, FBI, CIA, and other organizations to create the Selectee and No Fly List.
In addition to the ATS System, another mechanism to deter terrorists is utilized in case they are not detected by the flagging protocols. Federal Air Marshals are the law enforcement branch of the Transportation Security Administration. They fly either in uniform or incognito and act as the law enforcement while on board to protect passengers and crew members from criminals and terrorists.
The Secondary Security Screening Selection system flags passengers for extra surveillance while in the airport but does not prohibit them from flying. These individuals, often referred to as "selectees", are pulled aside at security checkpoints and searched thoroughly. Their luggage may be hand searched. Individuals are added to the lists through airport screening processes. Individuals are potentially flagged if they have purchased a ticket in cash, purchased a ticket within the previous 24 hours, purchased a one-way ticket, or arrived with no baggage.
Starting in March 2010, the TSA begin a wide-scale deployment of Full body scanners, in addition to metal detectors, to physically screen airline passengers.
Controversy.
The No Fly List, a comprehensive list of individuals prohibited from flying into or out of the United States, has exponentially grown in size. The List existed before 9/11 but only contained the names of 16 people and now lists over one million names. The List includes high profile individuals such as the Bolivian President and other foreign dignitaries. The List still contains 14 out of the 19 September 11 hijackers and several other deceased individuals.
The system occasionally leads to a "false positive" which is the accidental flagging of individuals that have similar names to suspected terrorists or are on the List for illegitimate reason. In some cases, children under the age of five have been flagged as suspects. It contains many common names such as Gary Smith or Robert Johnson which makes traveling very difficult for all individuals with that name. Several U.S. congressmen have name matches on the list including Senator Ted Kennedy, who has subsequently been stopped at airports. The List does not include the names of individuals involved in the liquid explosive terrorist attack attempt. TSA also reported that some of the names of the most dangerous terrorists are not on the list in case the List is leaked. Daniel Brown, a U.S. Marine returning from Iraq, was denied entry into the United States because his name matched one on the list. He later found out that he had been flagged on a previous flight for having gunpowder residue on his boots which was likely acquired during an earlier tour of duty in Iraq.
As an alternative to a full body scan, airline passengers can opt for a pat down.

</doc>
<doc id="20267856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267856" title="Greatest Hits (1988 Kenny Rogers album)">
Greatest Hits (1988 Kenny Rogers album)

Greatest Hits is a 1988 compilation album by Kenny Rogers.
All of the tracks on the album were selected from his various recordings on the RCA Nashville label between 1983-87. There is one track that was not originally a single called "She's Ready for Someone to Love Her", which makes fully half of this greatest hits tracklist identical to the most recent 1987 album "I Prefer the Moonlight".
One single that is notably missing is "Tomb of the Unknown Love" from 1985's "The Heart of the Matter". The song was a #1 single in both the US and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20267871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267871" title="Lia Maivia">
Lia Maivia

Ofelia "Lia" Maivia (1927 – October 19, 2008), also known as Leah Maivia, was a Samoan veteran wrestling promoter. Maivia was the wife of Samoan professional wrestler Peter Maivia and the grandmother of actor and wrestler, Dwayne Johnson, also known as The Rock. Dwayne Johnson is the son of Rocky Johnson and Peter Maivia's only daughter, Ata Maivia.
Life and career.
Maivia was born Ofelia Fuataga in Lalomanu in Aleipata, Western Samoa. (The country is now known as Samoa).
Maivia took over the Polynesian Pacific Pro Wrestling in Hawaii following the death of her husband, "High Chief" Peter Maivia, in 1982. She became one of wrestling's only female promoters and worked closely with the (WWE) World Wrestling Entertainment during her career. She continued to run Polynesian Pacific Pro Wrestling until 1988.
Maivia attended the March 2008 posthumous induction of her husband into the WWE Hall of Fame in Orlando, Florida. Peter Maivia was inducted by Dwayne Johnson at the ceremony and the award was accepted by Leah Maivia's daughter, Ata. Maivia's former son-in-law, Rocky Johnson, was also inducted during the same ceremony.
Maivia died of a heart attack at her home in Davie, Florida, on October 19, 2008. There were conflicting reports of her age, as most outlets reported that she was 81 years old, while "The Miami Herald" reported that she was 77. Bill Apter, a writer and journalist who specializes in wrestling, wrote of Maivia following her death: "When my daughter Hailey, who is now 23, met Lia at a wrestling event in upper New York state, Lia went to a gift shop at a nearby hotel and bought Hailey a stuffed bunny as a gift. She had never met her before this day, and this shows what a heart she had!"

</doc>
<doc id="20267899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267899" title="Daisuke Yano">
Daisuke Yano

Club career stats.
As of 7 January 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20267900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267900" title="Cystine tryptic agar">
Cystine tryptic agar

Cystine tryptic agar (CTA), also known as cystine trypticase agar, is a growth medium used for the identification of microorganisms.
It can be used to determine if organisms can ferment various carbohydrates, including maltose, lactose, and sucrose. This approach can be used to type organisms because although strains quickly gain antibiotic resistance, they rarely gain the ability to metabolize new nutrients (though exceptions are known.) For example, the following fermentation patterns have been observed:
Typical composition.
Cystine tryptic agar typically contains (w/v):

</doc>
<doc id="20267921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267921" title="List of African-American U.S. state firsts">
List of African-American U.S. state firsts

African Americans are a demographic minority in the United States. African-Americans' initial achievements in various fields historically establish a foothold, providing a precedent for more widespread cultural change. The shorthand phrase for this is "breaking the color barrier."
In addition to major, national- and international-level firsts, African-Americans have achieved firsts on a statewide basis.

</doc>
<doc id="20267970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20267970" title="Masahiko Kumagai">
Masahiko Kumagai

Kumagai played for Roasso Kumamoto.

</doc>
<doc id="20268005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268005" title="The Rocksburg Railroad Murders">
The Rocksburg Railroad Murders

The Rocksburg Railroad Murders is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1970s Rocksburg, a fictional, blue-collar, Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania, adjacent to Pittsburgh, as well as his current place of residence, Greensburg, Pennsylvania).
Mario Balzic is the protagonist, an atypical detective for the genre, a Serbo-Italian American cop, middle-aged, unpretentious, a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force. 
As the novel opens, a man familiar to Mario has been found beaten to death with a Coke bottle on the platform of the Rocksburg railroad station. Mario becomes convinced that the man's stepson is the guilty party, but proving it will be a challenge.
It is the first book in the 17-volume Rocksburg series.

</doc>
<doc id="20268048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268048" title="Mushroom gravy">
Mushroom gravy

Mushroom gravy is a simple sauce that can be composed from stock (beef is preferable, but chicken is also good), roux (a mixture of equal parts butter and flour to thicken), and mushroom base.
It can also be enhanced with mace, to add a delicate nutmeg flavor.

</doc>
<doc id="20268049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268049" title="Manifaxine">
Manifaxine

Manifaxine (GW-320,659) is a drug developed by GlaxoSmithKline through structural modification of radafaxine, the active metabolite of bupropion. It acts as a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI). It was researched for treatment of ADHD and obesity and was shown to be safe, reasonably effective and well tolerated for both applications, but no results have been reported following these initial trials and its current status is unclear.

</doc>
