<doc id="20379982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20379982" title="Indian Contract Act 1872">
Indian Contract Act 1872

The law relating to contracts in India is contained in Indian Contract Act, 1872. The Act was passed by British India and is based on the principles of English Common Law. It is applicable to all the states of India except the state of Jammu and Kashmir. It determines the circumstances in which promises made by the parties to a contract shall be legally binding on them. All of us enter into a number of contracts everyday knowingly or unknowingly. Each contract creates some rights and duties on the contracting parties. Hence this legislation, Indian Contract Act of 1872, being of skeletal nature, deals with the enforcement of these rights and duties on the parties in India.
History.
It was enacted mainly with a view to ensure reasonable fulfillment of expectation created by the promises of the parties and also enforcement of obligations prescribed by an agreement between the parties.The Third Law commission of British India formed in 1861 under the stewardship of chairman Sir John Romilly, with initial members as Sir Edward Ryan, R. Lowe, J.M. Macleod, Sir W. Erle (succeeded by Sir. W.M. James) and Justice Wills (succeeded by J. Henderson), had presented the report on contract law for India as Draft Contract Law (1866). The Draft Law was enacted as The Act 9 of 1872 on 25 April 1872 and the Indian Contract Act, 1872 came into force with effect from 1 September 1872.
Before the enactment of the Indian Contract Act, 1872, there was no codified law governing contracts in India. In the Presidency Towns of Madras, Bombay and Calcutta law relating to contract was dealt with the Charter granted in 1726 by King George I to the East India Company. Thereafter in 1781, in the Presidency Towns, Act of Settlement passed by the British Government came into force. Act of Settlement required the Supreme Court of India that questions of inheritance and succession and all matters of contract and dealing between party and party should be determined in case of Hindu as per Hindu law and in case of Muslim as per Muslim law and when parties to a suit belonged to different persuasions, then the law of the defendant was to apply. In outside Presidency Towns matters with regard to contract was mainly dealt with through English Contract Laws; the principle of justice, equity and good conscience was followed.
Development.
The Act as enacted originally had 266 Sections, it had wide scope and included.
Indian Contract Act embodied the simple and elementary rules relating to Sale of goods and Partnership. The developments of modern business world found the provisions contained in the Indian Contract Act inadequate to deal with the new regulations or give effect to the new principles. Subsequently the provisions relating to the Sale of Goods and Partnership contained in the Indian Contract Act were repealed respectively in the year 1930 and 1932 and new enactments namely Sale of Goods and Movables Act 1930 and Indian Partnership act 1932 were re-enacted.
At present the Indian Contract Act may be divided into two parts
Definition.
1. Offer(i.e. Proposal) 2(a):-When one person signifies to another his willingness to do or to abstain from doing anything, with a view to obtaining the assent of that other person either to such act or abstinence, he is said to make a proposal.
2. Acceptance 2(b):- When the person to whom the proposal is made, signifies his assent there to, the proposal is said to be accepted.
3. Promise 2(b) :- A Proposal when accepted becomes a promise. In simple words, when an offer is accepted it becomes promise.
4. Promisor and promisee 2(c) :- When the proposal is accepted, the person making the proposal is called as promisor and the person accepting the proposal is called as promisee.
5. Consideration 2(d):- When at the desire of the promisor, the promisee or any other person has done or abstained from doing something or does or abstains from doing something or promises to do or abstain from doing something, such act or abstinence or promise is called a consideration for the promise. 
6. Price paid by the one party for the promise of the other Technical word meaning QUID-PRO-QUO i.e. something in return.
7. Agreement 2(e) :- Every promise and set of promises forming the consideration for each other. In short, agreement = offer + acceptance.
8. Contract 2(h) :- An agreement enforceable by Law is a contract. 
9. Void agreement 2(g):- An agreement not enforceable by law is void.
10. Voidable contract 2(i):- An agreement is a voidable contract if it is enforceable by Law at the option of one or more of the parties there to (i.e. the aggrieved party), and it is not enforceable by Law at the option of the other or others.
11. Void contract :- A contract which ceases to be enforceable by Law becomes void when it ceases to be enforceable.
Essential Elements of a Valid Contract.
According to Section 10, "All agreements are contracts, if they are made by the free consent of the parties, capacity of parties to contract, for a lawful consideration with a lawful object, and not hereby expressly to be void."
1. Proper offer and proper acceptance
There must be an agreement based on a lawful offer made by person to another and lawful acceptance of that offer by the letter. Sections 3 to 9 of the Contract Act, 1872 lay down the rules for making valid acceptance.
2. Lawful consideration
An agreement to form a valid contract should be supported by consideration. Consideration means something in return (quid pro quo). It can be cash, kind, an act or abstinence. It can be past, present or future. However, consideration should be real and lawful and not fictional.
3. Capacity of parties to Contract
In order to make a valid contract the parties to it must be competent to be contracted. According to section 11 of the Contract Act, a person is considered to be competent to contract if he satisfies the following criterion:
4. Free Consent
To constitute a valid contract there must be free and genuine consent of the parties to the contract. It should not be obtained by misrepresentation, fraud, coercion, undue influence or mistake.
5. Lawful Object and Agreement
The object of the agreement must not be illegal or unlawful.
6. Agreement not declared void or illegal
Agreements which have been expressly declared void or illegal by law are not enforceable at law; hence they do not constitute a valid contract.
7. Intention To Create Legal Relationships
When the two parties enter into an agreement, there must be intention to create a legal relationship between them. If there is no such intention on the part of the parties. There is no contract between them. Agreements of a social or domestic nature do not contemplate legal relationship;as such they are not contracts.
8. Certainty, Possibility Of Performance
9. Legal Formalities
10. By surety
Types of Contracts.
On the basis of validity:
1. "Valid contract": An agreement which has all the essential elements of a contract is called a valid contract. A valid contract can be enforced by law.
2. "Void contract2(g)": A void contract is a contract which ceases to be enforceable by law. A contract when originally entered into may be valid and binding on the parties. It may subsequently become void. – There are many judgments which have stated that where any crime has been converted into a "Source of Profit" or if any act to be done under any contract is opposed to "Public Policy" under any contract—than that contract itself cannot be enforced under the law-
3. "Voidable contract"2(i)": An agreement which is enforceable by law at the option of one or more of the parties thereto, but not at the option of other or others, is a voidable contract. If the essential element of free consent is missing in a contract, the law confers right on the aggrieved party either to reject the contract or to accept it. However, the contract continues to be good and enforceable unless it is repudiated by the aggrieved party.
4. "Illegal contract": A contract is illegal if it is forbidden by law; or is of such nature that, if permitted, would defeat the provisions of any law or is fraudulent; or involves or implies injury to a person or property of another, or court regards it as immoral or opposed to public policy. These agreements are punishable by law. These are void-ab-initio.
“All illegal agreements are void agreements but all void agreements are not illegal.”
5. "Unenforceable contract": Where a contract is good in substance but because of some technical defect cannot be enforced by law is called unenforceable contract. These contracts are neither void nor voidable.
On the basis of formation:
1. "Express contract": Where the terms of the contract are expressly agreed upon in words (written or spoken) at the time of formation, the contract is said to be express contract.
2. "Implied contract": An implied contract is one which is inferred from the acts or conduct of the parties or from the circumstances of the cases. Where a proposal or acceptance is made otherwise than in words, promise is said to be implied.
3. "Quasi contract": A quasi contract is created by law. Thus, quasi contracts are strictly not contracts as there is no intention of parties to enter into a contract. It is legal obligation which is imposed on a party who is required to perform it. A quasi contract is based on the principle that a person shall not be allowed to enrich himself at the expense of another.
examples
On the basis of performance:
1. "Executed contract": An executed contract is one in which both the parties have performed their respective obligation.
2. "Executory contract": An executory contract is one where one or both the parties to the contract have still to perform their obligations in future. Thus, a contract which is partially performed or wholly unperformed is termed as executory contract.
3. "Unilateral contract": A unilateral contract is one in which only one party has to perform his obligation at the time of the formation of the contract, the other party having fulfilled his obligation at the time of the contract or before the contract comes into existence.
4. "Bilateral contract": A bilateral contract is one in which the obligation on both the parties to the contract is outstanding at the time of the formation of the contract. Bilateral contracts are also known as contracts with executory consideration.
Offer.
Proposal is defined under section 2(a) of the Indian contract Act, 1872 as "when one person signifies to another his willingness to do or to abstain from doing anything with a view to obtain the assent of that other to such act or abstinence, he is said to make a proposal/offer". Thus, for a valid offer,the party making it must express his willingness to do or not to do something. But mere expression of willingness does not constitute an offer. The rules regarding the offer are
The offer must show an obvious intention on the part of the offeror. For example 
"if "A" jokingly offers "B" his scooter for Rs.10/- and "B" knowingly that "A" is not serious, says "I accept "A"s proposal". This does not constitute an offer. Secondly, the terms of offer must be definite, unambiguous, not loose and vague. For example "A" says to "B". "I will sell you a car" "A" owns three different cars. The offer is not defenite. Third thing regarding offer is, mere declaration of intention and announcement is not an offer. A declaration by a person that he intends to do something, gives no right of action to another. Such a declaration only means that an offer will be made or invited in future and not an offer is made now. An advertisement for a concern for auction sale does not amount to an offer to hold such concern for auction sale. For example an auctioneer advertised in a news paper that a sale of office furniture would be held. A broker came from a distant place to attend the auction, but all the furniture was withdrawn. The broker thereupon sued the auctioner for his loss of time and expenses. It was held that, a declaration of intention to do something did not create a binding contract with those acted upon it and hence the broker could not recover damages. An offer should be made to obtain the assent of the other. The offer should be communicated to the offeree. Unless an offer is communicated to the offeree by the offerror or his duly agent, there can be no acceptance. The offer must be made with a view to obtain the assent of the other party addressed and not merely with a view to disclose the intention to make an offer. The offer should not contain a term that, the non compliance of which would amount to acceptance. For example, "A" writes to "B", "i will sell you my horse for Rs.10,000/- and if you do not reply I shall assume you have accepted the offer". There is no contract if "B" does not reply. However if "B" is in possession of "A"s horse and he continues possession thereafter, "B"s silence and his continued use amounts to valid acceptance. A statement of price is not an offer. A mere statement of price is not an offer to sell. For example three telegrams were exchanged between "A" and "B". communication by "B" to "A"- " will you sell your car?". Communication by "A" to "B". "The price of the car is one lakh rupees". Communication from "B" to "A"- "I agree to to buy the car". These 3 communications does not make a valid offer.
Classification of Offer
1. "General Offer": Which is made to public in general.
2. "Special Offer": Which is made to a definite person.
3. "Cross Offer": Exchange of identical offer in ignorance of each other.
4. "Counter Offer": Modification and Variation of Original offer.
5. "Standing, Open or Continuing Offer": Which is open for a specific period of time. The offer must be distinguished from an invitation to offer. Invitation to offer "An invitation to offer" is only a circulation of an invitation to make an offer, it is an attempt to induce offers and precedes a definite offer. Acceptance of an invitation to an offer does not result in formation of a contract and only an offer emerges in the process of negotiation. A statement made by a person who does not intend to bound by it but, intends to further act, is an invitation to offer.
Acceptance.
According to Section 2(b), "When the person to whom the proposal is made signifies his assent thereto, the proposal is said to be accepted."
Rules:
1. Acceptance must be absolute and unqualified. If the parties are not in ad idem on all matters concerning the offer and acceptance, there is no valid contract. For example "A" says to "B" "I offer to sell my car fror Rs.50,000/-. "B" replies "I will purchase it for Rs.45,000/-". This is not acceptance and hence it amounts to a counter offer.
2. It should be Communicated to the offeror. To conclude a contract between parties, the acceptance must be communicated in some prescribed form. A mere mental determination on the part of offeree to accept an offer does not amount to valid acceptance.
3. Acceptance must be in the mode prescribed. If the acceptance is not according to the mode prescribed or some usual and reasonable mode(where no mode is prescribed) the offeror may intimate to the offeree within a reasonable time tha,t acceptance is not according to the mode prescribed and may insist that the offer be accepted in the prescribed mode only. If he does not inform the offeree, he is deemed to have accepted the offer. For example "A" makes an offer to "B" says to "B" that "if you accept the offer, reply by voice. "B" sends reply by post. It will be a valid acceptance, unless "A" informs "B" that the acceptance is not according to the prescribed mode.
4. Acceptance must be given within a reasonable time before the offer lapses. If any time limit is specified, the acceptance must be given within the time, if no time limit is specified it must be given within a reasonable time.
5. It cannot precede an offer. If the acceptance precedes an offer it is not a valid acceptance and does not result in contract. For example in a company shares were allotted to a person who had not applied for them. Subsequently when he applied for shares, he was un aware of the previous allotment . The allotment of share previous to the application is not valid.
5. Acceptance by the way of conduct.
6. Mere silence is no acceptance.
Silence does not per-se amounts to communication- Bank of India Ltd. Vs. Rustom Cowasjee- AIR 1955 Bom. 419 at P. 430; 57 Bom. L.R. 850- Mere silence cannot amount to any assent. It does not even amount to any representation on which any plea of estoppel may be founded, unless there is a duty to make some statement or to do some act
7. free and offer er must be consent
8.Acceptance must be unambiguous and definite.
Lawful consideration.
According to Section 2(d), Consideration is defined as: "When at the desire of the promisor, the promisee has done or abstained from doing, or does or abstains from doing, or promises to do or abstain something, such an act or abstinence or promise is called consideration for the promise. "Consideration" means to do something in return.
In short, Consideration means "quid pro quo" i.e. something in return.
An agreement must be supported by a lawful consideration on both sides. Essentials of valid considerations are
The consideration or object of an agreement is lawful, unless and until it is:
"Contract Opposed to Public Policy can be Repudiated by the Court of law even if that contract is beneficial for all of the parties to the contract- What considerations and objects are lawful and what not-Newar Marble Industries Pvt. Ltd. Vs. Rajasthan State Electricity Board, Jaipur, 1993 Cr. L.J. 1191 at 1197, 1198 [Raj.]-" Agreement of which object or consideration was opposed to public policy, unlawful and void- – What better and what more can be an admission of the fact that the consideration or object of the compounding agreement was abstention by the board from criminally prosecuting the petitioner-company from offense under Section 39 of the act and that the Board has converted the crime into a source of profit or benefit to itself. This consideration or object is clearly opposed to public policy and hence the compounding agreement is unlawful and void under Section 23 of the Act. It is unenforceable as against the Petitioner-Company.
Competent to contract.
Section 11 of The Indian Contract Act specifies that every person is competent to contract provided:
1. He should not be a minor i.e. an individual who has not attained the age of majority i.e. 18 years in normal case and 21 years if guardian is appointed by the Court.
2. He should be of sound mind while making a contract. A person who is usually of unsound mind, but occasionally of sound mind, can make a contract when he is of sound mind. Similarly if a person is usually of sound mind, but occasionally of unsound mind, may not make a valid contract when he is of unsound mind.
3. He is not a person who has been personally disqualified by law to which he is subject.
Free Consent.
According to Section 14, " two or more persons are said to be consented when they agree upon the same thing in the same sense ("Consensus-ad-idem").
A consent is said to be free when it is not caused by coercion or undue influence or fraud or misrepresentation or mistake.
Elements Vitiating free Consent
1. Coercion (Section 15): "Coercion" is the committing, or threatening to commit, any act forbidden by the Indian Penal Code under(45,1860), or the unlawful detaining, or threatening to detain, any property, to the prejudice of any person whatever, with the intention of causing any person to enter into an agreement. For example, "A" threatens to shoot "B"if he doesn't release him from a debt which he owes to "B". "B" releases "A" under threat. Since the release has been brought about by coercion, such release is not valid.
2. Undue influence (Section 16): "Where a person who is in a position to dominate the will of another enters into a contract with him and the transaction appears on the face of it, or on the evidence, to be unconscionable, the burden of proving that such contract was not induced by undue influence shall lie upon the person in the position to dominate the will of the other."
3. Fraud (Section 17): "Fraud" means and includes any act or concealment of material fact or misrepresentation made knowingly by a party to a contract, or with his connivance, or by his agent, with intent to deceive another party thereto of his agent, or to induce him to enter into the contract. Mere silence is not fraud. a contracting party is not obliged to disclose each and everything to the other party. There are two exceptions where even mere silence may be fraud, one is where there is a duty to speak, then keeping silence is fraud. or when silence is in itself equivalent to speech, such silence is fraud.
4. Misrepresentation (Section 18): " causing, however innocently, a party to an agreement to make a mistake as to the substance of the thing which is the subject of the agreement".
5. Mistake of fact (Section 20): "Where both the parties to an agreement are under a mistake as to a matter of fact essential to the agreement, the agreement is void". A party cannot be allowed to get any relief on the ground that he had done some particular act in ignorance of law.Mistake may be bilateral mistake where both parties to an agreement are under mistake as to the matter of fact.The mistake must relate to a matter of fact essential to the agreement.
Agency.
In law, the relationship that exists when one person or party (the principal) engages another (the agent) to act for him, e.g. to do his work, to sell his goods, to manage his business. The law of agency thus governs the legal relationship in which the agent deals with a third party on behalf of the principal. The competent agent is legally capable of acting for this principal vis-à-vis the third party. Hence, the process of concluding a contract through an agent involves a twofold relationship. On the one hand, the law of agency is concerned with the external business relations of an economic unit and with the powers of the various representatives to affect the legal position of the principal. On the other hand, it rules the internal relationship between principal and agent as well, thereby imposing certain duties on the representative (diligence, accounting, good faith, etc.).
Under section 201 to 210 an agency may come to an end in a variety of ways:
The principal also cannot revoke the agent’s authority after it has been partly exercised, so as to bind the principal (Section 204), though he can always do so, before such authority has been so exercised (Sec 203).
Further, as per section 205, if the agency is for a fixed period, the principal cannot terminate the agency before the time expired, except for sufficient cause. If he does, he is liable to compensate the agent for the loss caused to him thereby. The same rules apply where the agent, renounces an agency for a fixed period. Notice in this connection that want of skill continuous disobedience of lawful orders, and rude or insulting behavior has been held to be sufficient cause for dismissal of an agent. Further, reasonable notice has to be given by one party to the other; otherwise, damage resulting from want of such notice, will have to be paid (Section 206). As per section 207, the revocation or renunciation of an agency may be made expressly or impliedly by conduct. The termination does not take effect as regards the agent, till it becomes known to him and as regards third party, till the termination is known to them (Section 208).
When an agent’s authority is terminated, it operates as a termination of subagent also. (Section 210).

</doc>
<doc id="20379987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20379987" title="Ian Walker (sailor)">
Ian Walker (sailor)

Ian Walker (born 25 February 1970 in Worcester, Worcestershire) is one of Britain’s most successful sailors, with two Olympic silver medals to his name. Walker also coached Shirley Robertson and her Yngling Team to gold at the 2004 Athens Olympics. He is a member of Itchenor Sailing Club. 
At the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Walker received the silver medal in the 470 class along with his sailing partner, John Merricks. On 15 October 1997, both Walker and Merricks were passengers in a minivan in Italy when the driver lost control, and Merricks was killed.
In 1999, Walker began sailing with Mark Covell. At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Walker and Covell won the silver medal in the Star class.
When Britain launched its first bid for the America’s Cup for 14 years in 2000, Walker was named as the skipper. Then, in the 2007 America’s Cup he joined fellow Olympic medallist Iain Percy as the tactician of the Italian team +39 Challenge. His America’s Cup commitments were combined with the highly successful TP52 campaign as skipper of 'Patches', owned by Eamon Conneely. In 2008/09 he was the skipper of the Green Dragon boat in the Volvo Ocean Race., the boat finished fifth in this race out of eight competitors. In 2011/12 Walker skippered Abu Dhabi's first entry in the Volvo Ocean Race - Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing. Ian has been appointed as Skipper of Abu Dhabi's next entry into the 2014/2015 Volvo Ocean Race.
Records Held:
Fastest circumnavigation - Isle of Wight – 2 hours 21 minutes (Foncia) August 2012. Ratified by the World Sailing Speed Record Council
Fastnet Monohull Race record - 42hrs 39min, (Volvo Open 70 Abu Dhabi) in August 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20379994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20379994" title="Adassa (album)">
Adassa (album)

Adassa is the self-titled third studio album by Colombian-American reggaeton singer-songwriter Adassa. It was released on April 24, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20379998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20379998" title="New York Psychoanalytic Society">
New York Psychoanalytic Society

The New York Psychoanalytic Society and Institute — founded in 1911 by Dr. Abraham A. Brill — is the oldest psychoanalytic organization in the United States. 
The charter members were: Louis Edward Bisch, Brill, Horace Westlake Frink, Frederick James Farnell, William C. Garvin, August Hoch, Morris J. Karpas, George H. Kirby, Clarence P. Oberndorf, Bronislaw Onuf, Ernest Marsh Poate, Charles Ricksher, Jacob Rosenbloom, Edward W. Scripture and Samuel A. Tannenbaum.
The institute was a professional home to some of the leaders in psychoanalytic education and treatment, such as Margaret Mahler, Ernst Kris, Kurt Eissler, Heinz Hartmann, Abram Kardiner, Rudolph Loewenstein, Charles Brenner, and Otto Kernberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20380010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380010" title="Karl Singewald">
Karl Singewald

Karl Singewald (1886–1966) was a Baltimore lawyer and author. Singewald played a large part in Maryland’s efforts to publish editions of "The American Guide Series", a series of publications funded by the Federal Writer's Project, a division of the WPA.
Singewald’s lone success as a writer was the publishing of his dissertation in pursuit of his PhD from Johns Hopkins University. His dissertation was titled "The Doctrine of Non-Suitability of the State in The United States". He did, however act as secretary of the Maryland War Records Commission which published a two-volume reference titled "Maryland in the World War".
Singewald died in 1966 at the age of 80. He was a bachelor, and left only a brother and a sister behind. He is buried in Baltimore Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20380051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380051" title="Jeff Belanger">
Jeff Belanger

Jeff Belanger (born August 8, 1974) is an American author, public speaker and paranormal investigator.
Jeff Belanger graduated from Hofstra University with a B.A. in English. After college Jeff served as Editor-in-Chief of Main Street - a biweekly arts and entertainment newspaper in northern Fairfield County, Connecticut, he worked in marketing and public relations for both private and public companies, and he's currently a full-time writer living in Massachusetts with his wife, Megan, daughter, Sophie, and parakeet, Mambo.

</doc>
<doc id="20380059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380059" title="Aftab Shamshudeen">
Aftab Shamshudeen

Aftabodeen Shamshudeen (born 9 July 1977) is a Guyanese-born cricketer who has played one One Day International for Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20380084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380084" title="Mikalojus Akelaitis">
Mikalojus Akelaitis

Mikalojus Akelaitis (December 5, 1829 in Čiuoderiškėse, Marijampolė - September 27, 1887 in Paris) was a prominent Lithuanian writer, publicist and linguist. He contributed to Aušra development, composed narratives "Kvestorius" (1860), "Jonas Išmisločius" (1860). 

</doc>
<doc id="20380090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380090" title="Heartbreak (Make Me a Dancer)">
Heartbreak (Make Me a Dancer)

"Heartbreak (Make Me a Dancer)" is a song by English production duo the Freemasons and English recording artist Sophie Ellis-Bextor, released in promotion of the Freemasons' second studio album "Shakedown 2", and as the lead single from Ellis-Bextor's fourth album, "Make a Scene", on 22 June 2009. The song also won the 2010 OGAE Song Contest for the United Kingdom.
Release.
The song was first uploaded to Sophie Ellis-Bextor's official MySpace page on 2 June 2008. It was announced on 22 February 2009 that it would be released as her new single, and the first from her upcoming fourth studio album. The song was premiered on BBC Radio 1's "The Scott Mills Show" on 24 April 2009. The song was added to the station's B-list on 17 June. While Ellis Bextor promoted the single in the UK, the Freemasons promoted the single in the United States, performing the song on 2 May 2009 at the Town Club in Washington, D.C. The single was then been added to the A-list on Galaxy FM, and the A-list on Kiss Due to this, it reached No. 1 on the "Cool Cuts Airplay Chart". The single also reached No. 1 on the MTV Dance Chart, becoming a smash hit, where it sat at the top position for thirteen consecutive weeks. The single peaked at No. 9 on the MTV TMF UK Chart. The song also reached the number one spot at the top of the Gaydar Radio Top 20. The single reached No. 2 on the UK Dance Chart, as well No. 2 on the UK Indie Chart in the week of 3 July 2009. The song also became was Popjustice's "Song of the Day" on 11 March 2009, and was nominated for the Best Single of 2009 award at the first ever Download Music Awards. The song also peaked at No. 21 on the Digitalspy Top 50 Singles of 2009. The single also peaked at No. 33 on Popjustice's Top 45 Singles of 2009. Ellis-Bextor performed the song live for the first time on TV on the "National Lottery Show" on 20 May. She performed at G-A-Y on 20 June 2009, and at GMTV on 16 June 2009.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Chris Sweeney and filmed on 21 April 2009. The video was released 8 May and it features Ellis-Bextor dancing and singing the song in a futuristic setting surrounded by dancers and special effects. The video version of the song differs from the original edit; the breaks between verses are shorter, and the bridge towards the end of the song is quicker and is mixed differently.
Commercial performance.
The song made its debut on the UK Singles Chart at No. 164 on 14 June 2009 as it was released that day on the iTunes Store. The following week, the single climbed 149 places to reach position No. 15, counting only the downloads from the exclusive iTunes bundle. On its third week, the song climbed to #13. The single sold a total of 125,000 copies in the UK. It has reached the UK Dance Chart's Top 5 where it stayed for 13 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20380094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380094" title="Lars Toborg">
Lars Toborg

Lars Toborg (born 19 August 1975) is a German football forward, who plays for Rot Weiss Ahlen in 2. Fußball-Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="20380136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380136" title="Menlo F. Smith">
Menlo F. Smith

Menlo F. Smith (born 1926) is a prominent St. Louis businessman. He has also been a leader in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) both in St. Louis and in the Philippines. He is also a benefactor of Brigham Young University and the founder of Enterprise Mentors International.
Smith was born in St. David, Arizona. He graduated from the University of Utah. He is the founder of the Sunmark Companies.
During the 1980s, Smith served as president of the LDS Church's Philippines Baguio Mission. There he saw many people living in poverty and suffering from having to lend money at rates at times as high as 300%. After ending his service as mission president he formed Enterprise Mentors International as a micro-credit organization. Besides helping people in the Philippines, it also has helped people start small businesses in El Salvador and Guatemala.
From 1997 to 2000 Smith was the first president of the LDS Church's St. Louis Missouri Temple. He has also been a regional representative of the Twelve and a bishop in the LDS Church.
Smith serves as member of the board of directors of the Mercatus Center of George Mason University.
Smith is also a donor to BYU and recognized as one of the founders of the Center for Entrepreneurship of the Marriot School of Management.

</doc>
<doc id="20380156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380156" title="Battle of Oranik (1456)">
Battle of Oranik (1456)

The Second Battle of Oranik took place during the spring of 1456 in the plains of Oranik (Debar in modern day Macedonia). Moisi Arianit Golemi, lord of Debar, and one of Skanderbeg's officers, deserted to the Ottomans following the defeat at Berat in 1455. Golemi set of from Adrianople with a force of 15,000 men to capture Albania but was swiftly defeated by Skanderbeg's smaller forces.
Background.
Skanderbeg's rebellion had been going on for over a decade, during which time he defeated many Turkish armies. The Ottoman Turks sent an invasion force under Isak Bey Pasha to subdue southern Albania. In this invasion, Isak captured the Albanian stronghold of Berat and crippled the Albanian resistance. Moisi of Dibra, one of Skanderbeg's most trusted officers, deserted to the Ottomans and made an attempt to defeat Skanderbeg by using the Ottoman army. He left Adrianople with 15,000 soldiers and marched towards Albania. Because of the knowledge Moisi possessed of Skanderbeg's strategies and of the Albanian terrain, Skanderbeg made all his dispositions for defense.
Pre-battle.
Since Moisi was a master in sleights and subtleties, Skanderbeg let the invader march through Oranik without any interruptions. Even when Moisi arrived, Skanderbeg was ready to deal with him by sending envoys but Moisi did not stop his march. The two armies met and the battle began with man-to-man combat between one soldier from each army. A Turk named Ahimaz stepped out and issued a challenge, which was taken up by an Albanian, Zaharia Gropa. Both men rode out on horse and both men were dismounted. The fight continued on foot until Zaharia stabbed Ahimaz in the throat and cut off his head whilst the two horses rode towards the Albanian lines, which was taken as a good omen by Skanderbeg's forces. Moisi then stepped out and challenged Skanderbeg to personal combat which caused Skanderbeg to stand in doubt. As Skanderbeg began to move towards Moisi, Moisi turned around and fled back to his own army, giving orders to begin attack the Albanians.
The battle.
The Ottoman forces were in two lines, the second consisting of picked soldiers who were to support the first in case of trouble. Behind these two lines was Moisi with his reserves of Albanians, probably his tribal supporters. Skanderbeg's force, comprising 6,000men on horse and 4,000 on foot, were divided into three with the commander in charge of the middle. Both Turkish lines quickly broke under the shock of the Albanian cavalry attack and the battle turned to hand to hand fighting with both commanders dangerously involved. Skanderbeg was thrown off his horse, but the initial impetus gave Skanderbeg an advantage that he never lost. Moisi escaped with about one third of his army.
Aftermath.
Moisi wandered around the frontier area for some time and then returned to Adrianople, where he was regarded with contempt. He found himself in debt, and lived in an atmosphere of fear and foreboding. He suddenly decided to throw himself to Skanderbeg's mercy. He left Adrianople at night and rode to Debar, where he was well received. Skanderbeg was at a nearby garrison and Moisi went there to ask for forgiveness. Skanderbeg pardoned him and restored his lands. Bonfires were lit to celebrate his return, and people were warned that his offense should never be publicly referred to.

</doc>
<doc id="20380184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380184" title="Vladimir Romanovich Arsenyev">
Vladimir Romanovich Arsenyev

Vladimir Romanovich Arsenyev () (7 August 1948, Leningrad - 30 October 2010, St. Petersburg) was a Russian Africanist, ethnographer, and exhibition curator noted for his research in Western Africa, and particularly of the Bambara; he was a foreign member of the French Académie des Sciences d'Outre-Mer (Paris, 1999) and a member of the Scientific Council of the Russian Academy of Science for the Problems of African Countries (Moscow,1999) as well as a member of the Société des Africanistes (Paris, 2004).
Biography.
Arsenyev was born into a family of doctors. In 1971, he graduated the Oriental department of Leningrad University. In 1971-1974, he served in Africa as a military translator; he was a student of D.A. Olderogge. He received his Ph.D from the Institute of Ethnography of the Soviet Academy in 1977. From 1977 to 2006 he worked in the Kunstkamera. Starting in 2006 he was a senior research fellow of its Centre for Political and Social Anthropology. He taught Africanist disciplines at the Oriental department of the Saint Petersburg State University. He participated in the field work in Mali in 1971-1974, 1980–1981, 1996–1997, 2002, 2005; and expeditions to Perm Oblast (1967–1970), Kuril Islands (1985).

</doc>
<doc id="20380185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380185" title="Birthday Blues (album)">
Birthday Blues (album)

Birthday Blues is the sixth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released in 1969.
Track listing.
All songs composed by Bert Jansch except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20380204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380204" title="The Holy Sea">
The Holy Sea

The Holy Sea are an Australian rock band that was formed in Perth, Western Australia in 1999 by frontman Henry F. Skerritt. The band relocated to Melbourne in 2004.
History.
The Perth years (1999–2003).
The Holy Sea was formed in Perth in 1999 by singer-songwriter Henry F. Skerritt. The group originally performed under the moniker Henry F. Skerritt and the Holy Sea. In 2000, the band released their debut album "Blessed Unrest" to critical acclaim, with "The West Australian" declaring it a work of "provoking depth" and "moody genius".
The Melbourne years (2003–present).
In 2003, Skerritt moved to Melbourne to study Australian art history at the University of Melbourne before taking up a position as curator at a Melbourne gallery. Between 2003 and 2007, Skerrit performed sporadically around Melbourne as both a solo artist and accompanied by keyboard player Daniel Hoey. In 2007, Skerritt and Hoey decided to reform The Holy Sea to record their second album "A Beginner's Guide to the Sea". Skerritt and Hoey reunited with original member Victor Utting and newly recruited drummer F. David Bower. They were joined in the studio by cellist Gareth Skinner, bassist Andrew Fuller, pedal-steel player Garrett Costigan and vocalist Emma Frichot who would all soon join the group on a permanent basis. 
Although not a commercial success, "A Beginner's Guide to the Sea" was met with critical acclaim with Drum Media declaring it "evocative, rousing, brilliant!" Reviewers favourably compared the band to The Triffids, The Go-Betweens, Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds and The Drones. 
In 2009, The Holy Sea was invited by Nick Cave to perform at the All Tomorrow’s Parties festival at Mount Buller in Victoria, Australia.
In October 2009, The Holy Sea released the double A-single "Bad Luck/King of Palm Island". "King of Palm Island" recounts the death in custody of Palm Island resident Cameron Doomadgee. The singles preceded the 2010 release of the album "Ghosts of the Horizon", The Holy Sea's most critically successful album, garnering positive reviews in media outlets across Australia. It was nominated for the Australian Rolling Stone Award for "Album of the Year".

</doc>
<doc id="20380215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380215" title="Savage Mill Historic District">
Savage Mill Historic District

The Savage Mill Historic District is a national historic district located at Savage, Howard County, Maryland. The district comprises the industrial complex of Savage Mill and the village of workers' housing to the north of the complex.
The site of Savage Mill on the rapids of the Little Patuxent River had been used for mill operations since the mid 18th century. In the early 1820s the Savage Manufacturing Company, owned by John Savage of Philadelphia, purchased the site, erected a factory, and installed machinery. By 1825, the mill employed 200 people including women and children, and 120 power looms for the production of cotton duck. The complex included several additions: a grist mill, an iron foundry, and a machine shop. The company was sold to William H. Baldwin, Jr. in 1847, who owned a Baltimore dry goods firm. In the early 20th century, the company became Baldwin, Leslie and Company, and the mill was expanded. A decade later the Baldwin family erected a stone community hall for the town and constructed a large group of tenant houses. From 1923 to 1941 the Carroll Baldwin Memorial Community Hall served as a movie theatre. By 1941 the company employed 325 people, and during World War II, produced 400,000 pounds of cotton duck a month. In 1948 the mill closed, and in the 1950s it spent a brief period being used to manufacture Christmas ornaments before closing permanently and converted for commercial use.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20380223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380223" title="1974–75 KNVB Cup">
1974–75 KNVB Cup

The 57th edition of the KNVB Cup started in October, 1974. The final was played on May 15, 1975: FC Den Haag beat FC Twente 1–0 and won the cup for the first time.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played during October 1974.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on November 23 and 24, 1974. The Eredivisie clubs entered the tournament this round.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played on December 29, 1974 and February 8 and 9, 1975.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played on March 12, 1975.
Semi-finals.
The semi-finals were played on April 16, 1975.
Final.
The final was played on May 15, 1975.
FC Den Haag would participate in the Cup Winners' Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20380235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380235" title="Kenneth Roman">
Kenneth Roman

Kenneth Roman, born September 6, 1930 Boston, Massachusetts, is a former CEO of Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide, the advertising agency founded by David Ogilvy. He joined the firm in 1963 and served as Chairman from 1985 to 1989. After 26 years with the firm, he joined American Express in a senior communications role before becoming a consultant, board director and author. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1952, where he was Editor-in-Chief of the undergraduate daily newspaper.
He is the co-author of two successful business books – "How to Advertise" (ISBN 0312318596) and "Writing That Works" (ISBN 0060956437). His most recent book, "The King of Madison Avenue: David Ogilvy and the Making of Modern Advertising" was published by Palgrave Macmillan on January 6, 2009.
He lives in New York with his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="20380255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380255" title="Surfaces of a Broken Marching Band">
Surfaces of a Broken Marching Band

Surfaces of a Broken Marching Band is Ezekiel Honig's fifth album, released October 27, 2008 by Anticipate Recordings.
Reception.
Critical reception of the album was very positive. "Resident Advisor"—an online magazine with a focus on electronic music—named "Surfaces of a Broken Marching Band" as the 13th best album of 2008. In their review of the album, "RA" reviewer Derek Miller give it a rating of 4.5 out of 5 and stated that "there hasn't been a better 'ambient' album this year." Alexandra Savvides of "Cyclic Defrost" had strong praise for the album, ending her review with "nothing can come close to describing just how amazing this release really is."
"Porchside Past Tense".
A single, entitled "Porchside Past Tense", consisting of two tracks from the album, was released on 7" vinyl in limited quantities on December 14, 2008, by Anticipate Recordings out of New York City.
Track listing.
A. "Porchside Economics" – 5:33
B. "Past Tense Kitchen Movement" – 4:40

</doc>
<doc id="20380256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380256" title="Rally Isle of Man">
Rally Isle of Man

Rally Isle of Man (previously the "Manx International Rally" and formerly the "Manx Trophy Rally") is a rally competition held in the Isle of Man. It was first held in 1963, and later became a well-known event in the British Open Rally Championship and the European Rally Championship (until 1996). In 2002, it became part of the Irish Tarmac Rally Championship in addition to the British Rally Championship. The most successful drivers in the history of the rally include the five-time winner Mark Higgins and the four-time winners Tony Pond and Russell Brookes.
Stage locations.
Rally Isle of Man is run on public roads closed for racing by the provisions of an Act of Tynwald (the parliament of the Isle of Man). The event is characterised by special timed stages that use narrow farm-lanes with high grass banks, stages over open moorland and Monaco style "around-the-houses" stages in Ramsey or Castletown in the Isle of Man. The longest timed special stage is the 21.46 mile "Milerisk" stage and the shortest include the 1.46 mile "Balley Cashtal" stage in Castletown and the 0.90 mile "Villa Marina" super-special stage in Douglas.
Special stage records.
Records and stage times for competition sections for the Manx International Rally and Rally Isle of Man.

</doc>
<doc id="20380272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380272" title="Jason Patraj">
Jason Patraj

Jason Patraj (born 26 July 1981) is a cricketer who has played two One Day Internationals for Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20380328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380328" title="United States Senate special election in Delaware, 2010">
United States Senate special election in Delaware, 2010

The 2010 United States Senate special election in Delaware took place on November 2, 2010 concurrently with elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. It was a special election to fill Delaware's Class II Senate seat, then held by Ted Kaufman, an appointee. The seat had been previously held by long-time Senator Joe Biden, who vacated it when he became Vice President of the United States in 2009.
The state primary election was September 14, 2010. U.S. Representative and former Governor Mike Castle was seen as the front-runner for the Republican nomination but was upset by Christine O'Donnell in the primary in a contest that had national visibility. O'Donnell lost to the Democratic nominee Chris Coons by a vote of 57% to 40%. Coons immediately took office after the results were certified, and will complete the term scheduled to end in January 2015. The seat will next be up for election to a full six-year term in 2014.
Background.
In the seat's most recent election in 2008, longtime Democratic incumbent Joe Biden defeated Republican Christine O'Donnell. However, Biden was also elected Vice President of the United States in 2008 and was required to resign from the Senate by Article I, Section 6 of the United States Constitution in order to assume the Vice Presidency. Although Biden was sworn in for a seventh term early in January 2009, he resigned from the Senate on January 15, 2009, and was succeeded by Kaufman the following day.
Those discussed as possible appointees to replace Joe Biden included Joe Biden's son, Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden, outgoing Lt. Gov. John C. Carney, Jr., Delaware Supreme Court Chief Justice Myron T. Steele, Delaware Secretary of State Harriet Smith Windsor, Delaware Correction Commissioner Carl C. Danberg, former Delaware House of Representatives member Robert L. Byrd, and New Castle County Executive Chris Coons.
On November 24, 2008, after Biden's election to the vice presidency but before his resignation, outgoing Governor Ruth Ann Minner announced that she would appoint Biden's former chief of staff, a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors named Ted Kaufman, as Biden's temporary successor. Minner said, "I believe Ted Kaufman meets every test I set for this office. His political views are close to Sen. Biden's, and he has agreed to focus solely on doing the people's work, not seeking re-election." Biden resigned in January 2009; Minner formally appointed Kaufman to the seat shortly thereafter. Sen. Kaufman was succeeded by Chris Coons, who won the special election to fill the remainder of Vice President Biden's Senate term. Coons was sworn in November 15, 2010, and stepped down as New Castle County Executive.
Republican primary.
Campaign.
In April 2009, Castle stated “there’s probably a better chance I’ll run for the Senate than the House. I said there’s a chance I won’t run at all.” On October 6, 2009, Castle announced that he would in fact run for the Senate seat. After the 2008 election loss to incumbent Democrat Joe Biden, O'Donnell had indicated she would strongly consider running for the seat again in 2010, asking supporters on her web site to "save your yard sign!!" On February 12, 2009, O'Donnell had announced her candidacy. She reiterated that she was in the race even after Michael Castle announced his candidacy in October 2009, and formally launched her campaign on March 10, 2010. In her remarks, O'Donnell criticized excessive government spending, said that Castle was the most liberal Republican in the House, and said that the Tea Party movement and grassroots anti-incumbent trends would be in her favor.
When a report from "The News Journal" in March 2010 detailed O'Donnell's fiscal difficulties, she attributed the problems to misunderstandings and errors, and said, "I think the fact that I have struggled financially is what makes me so sympathetic." Nevertheless, her financial problems became a focal point of establishment Republican attacks against her.
A July 2010 Rasmussen Reports poll showed O'Donnell running ahead of Democratic Senate candidate Chris Coons by a margin of 41 to 39 percent in a hypothetical matchup, while a similar poll in August had her trailing Coons 46 to 36 percent. During this time she picked up the endorsements of the Susan B. Anthony List, the Tea Party Express, which called her a “strong voice for conservative constitutionalist principles”, and the Family Research Council.
O'Donnell supporters were heartened by the late August primary victory in Alaska of little-known, Tea Party-backed insurgent Joe Miller over incumbent Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski. The Tea Party Express said it might spend as much as $600,000 backing O'Donnell. The added 'buzz' about her campaign and the possibility that another establishment Republican figure might be defeated by an insurgent brought national attention to the race. The same attention also brought additional scrutiny on her record and financial history, including a contentious interview on WGMD radio. She had claimed that she beat or tied Joe Biden in two of the state’s three counties in their 2008 campaign. Later, she admitted this was inaccurate, and that she had lost all three counties.
As September began, the nastiness of the tone of the race had increased, with Delaware Republican Party chair Tom Ross saying, "Is Christine O'Donnell actually this unhinged from reality? Or is she simply a liar, whose total lack of respect for Delaware voters leads her to deliberately and repeatedly deny the clear facts surrounding her many personal and professional failures?"
Ross also said, "She's not a viable candidate for any office in the state of Delaware. She could not be elected dog catcher."
The O'Donnell campaign generated some controversy in early September when a political consulting firm hired by O'Donnell released a Web video insinuating that her opponent, Mike Castle, was having a gay affair. O'Donnell quickly distanced herself from the claims, pointing out that the firm in question was no longer working for her campaign, though the manner in which she denied involvement in the rumor led some to suspect that she was intentionally engaging in a whisper campaign by deliberately repeating the rumor while denying it. O'Donnell later appeared on Mark Levin's radio show, where she blasted Castle's "unmanly tactics" during the campaign, saying, "this is not a bake-off, put your man-pants on."
Kristen Murray, O'Donnell's 2008 campaign manager, starred in a Delaware Republican Party-funded robocall in which she accused O'Donnell of misusing campaign funds. Says Murray, "This is her third senate race in five years. As O'Donnell's manager, I found out she was living on campaign donations - using them for rent and personal expenses, while leaving her workers unpaid and piling up thousands in debt. She wasn't concerned about conservative causes. O'Donnell just wanted to make a buck."
O'Donnell denied most of what Murray said and stated that she had fired Murray.
WIth days to go before the primary, O'Donnell was bolstered by an endorsement from former Governor of Alaska and Republican vice-presidential nominee Sarah Palin. A few days later, "The Weekly Standard" broke new details of O'Donnell's 2005 $6.95 million gender discrimination and wrongful termination lawsuit against her former employer, the conservative Intercollegiate Studies Institute.
Polling.
In the year preceding the primary, polls that considered the hypothetical match of Castle against Coons indicated that Castle would defeat Coons by a wide margin. Only one of those nine polls (a Rasmussen poll held two months before the primary) showed O'Donnell defeating Coons, and even then by less than the margin of error.
General election.
Campaign.
Incumbent Senator Ted Kaufman of Greenville, who served as Biden's chief of staff and as a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors before being appointed to this seat, announced from the time of his appointment that he did not intend to be a candidate in the special election. Former Lieutenant Governor John C. Carney of Wilmington let his name be considered during the appointment process, but then announced his candidacy for the House seat held by Castle.
State Attorney General Beau Biden of Wilmington was reportedly considered for the appointment to his father's Senate seat, but the Vice President's son was in the process of deploying to the Iraq War with the Delaware National Guard and said he would not accept any appointment. In October 2009, after his deployment concluded, Biden stated that he was considering a run for the Senate seat. Most polls showed Biden and likely Republican opponent Castle neck-and-neck in a potential matchup. On January 25, 2010, Beau Biden confirmed that he would not run for the Senate seat.
Shortly after the Attorney General's statement, Chris Coons announced his candidacy.
Following her upset win over Castle, O'Donnell continued to face a split reaction from the leaders in the local, state, and national Republican Party.
Castle said he would not support O'Donnell.
The National Republican Senatorial Committee similarly released a statement almost immediately following O'Donnell's primary win, stating that they would not spend money to support her or her campaign. However, Texas Senator John Cornyn, chairman of the NRSC, released a statement later stating he did not know where the release from within his organization originated. He then offered the maximum $42,000 donation to her campaign; Cornyn acknowledged, however, that he was not sure if she could win. Former Massachusetts Governor and 2012 presidential candidate Mitt Romney also contributed to O'Donnell's general election funds. However, former White House adviser and Republican strategist Karl Rove said following O'Donnell's victory, "This is not a race we're going to be able to win." His remark triggered a fusillade of criticism from conservative talk radio.
The morning following the primary, Public Policy Polling released a tweet indicating that their polling found that primary voters who voted for Mike Castle supported Coons, the Democratic opponent, over O'Donnell 44 percent to 28 percent in a general election.
An October 19, 2010, debate between Coons and O'Donnell at Widener University School of Law featured an exchange about separation of church and state in the United States and whether it is explicitly in the U.S. constitution. O'Donnell said it was not; afterward her campaign manager said, “Christine O’Donnell was not questioning the concept of separation of church and state as subsequently established by the courts. She simply made the point that the phrase appears nowhere in the Constitution.” (That phrase was "substantively" read into the First Amendment in the U.S. Supreme Court case of "Engel v. Vitale" in 1962 and does not appear in the Constitution.)
Aftermath.
After O'Donnell's poor performance, there was considerable discussion within Republican circles regarding whether the party had lost a sure Senate seat by nominating her instead of Castle. Party pragmatists said that this had happened, and pointed to other races in Nevada and Colorado where Tea Party-favored candidates had lost races against Democratic rivals. Party purists dismissed this concern, and said that running candidates who supported fundamentally conservative values was always worthwhile. For her own part, O'Donnell criticized divisions within the state Republican Party following her primary win and said the consequent lack of support had led to her defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="20380402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380402" title="Shibaniba">
Shibaniba

Tell Billa is an archaeological site in Nineveh Province (Iraq). It is the ancient city of Shibaniba, not far from Assur.
History of archaeological research.
After some minor soundings done by Austen Henry Layard around 1850, Tell Billa was excavated between 1930 and 1934 by a team from the University of Pennsylvania and the American Schools of Oriental Research. The excavation was led by Ephraim Avigdor Speiser with Charles Bache.
Tell Billa and its environment.
The site consists of a large mound and covers around .
Occupation history.
There is some evidence of occupation as far back as the Early Dynastic period, including some Hurrian presence in the middle second millennium. The majority of excavated material, however, is from the Middle Assyrian and Neo-Assyrian times, including glyptic and epigraphic material.

</doc>
<doc id="20380419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380419" title="Nolan D. Archibald">
Nolan D. Archibald

Nolan Don Archibald (born 22 June 1943) is Executive Chairman of The Stanley Black & Decker Corporation, a $9 billion global corporation (estimated revenue for 2010).
Business.
Archibald joined Black & Decker as President and Chief Operating Officer in September 1985. When appointed President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) in March 1986 at the age of 42, Archibald was the youngest CEO of a Fortune 500 Company. He served as CEO for Black & Decker for twenty-four years before orchestrating the sale of the company to The Stanley Works Corporation in 2009. A lack of disclosure regarding a business partnership between Archibald and a board member crucial to closing this transaction earned Black & Decker a rebuke from the New York Stock Exchange.
Archibald is a recipient of the American Marketing Association’s Edison Achievement Award for significant and lasting contributions to marketing excellence and product innovation. He has been cited by "Business Week" as one of the top six managers in the United States and by "Fortune" as one of the country’s “ten most wanted” executives. He serves as a member of the Board of Directors at Lockheed Martin Corporation, Huntsman Corporation and Brunswick Corporation and is a member of the President’s Leadership Council at Brigham Young University. Past Board memberships include: ITT Corporation, the Johns Hopkins University Board of Trustees, and Board of Directors of the Associates, Harvard Business School.
Education and athletics.
Archibald graduated from Dixie State College in 1966, where he was an honor student and an All-American basketball player. He led his team to the national junior college finals in Hutchinson, Kansas and was recruited by over 50 major universities in the United States. Archibald graduated from Weber State University cum laude where he was Scholar Athlete of the Year in 1968. He was an All-Conference basketball player under Dick Motta and played on Weber State’s first team to participate in the 32-team NCAA basketball tournament. He was one of fifteen Division I basketball players out of 4,000 named an Academic All-American. He went on to earn a Master’s Degree in Business Administration from Harvard University in 1970.
Following graduation from Harvard, Archibald was invited to try out for the Chicago Bulls in the National Basketball Association. He was offered a contract to play for the Pittsburgh Pipers in the American Basketball Association. In 1993, the National Association of Basketball Coaches honored Archibald, along with four other former All-American basketball players, (including Elvin Hayes), as their “Silver Anniversary NCAA All-America Basketball Team.” Archibald is the only athlete in Weber State’s history to receive this honor.
Personal life.
Archibald was born in Ogden, Utah.
Archibald is married to the former Margaret Hafen. They are the parents of seven sons and one daughter.
Archibald is also a leader in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Among his previous callings (positions) in the church, he had served as a bishop and from 1999 to 2007 as president of the Washington D.C. Stake. In April 2007 he became an area seventy and a member of the church's Sixth Quorum of the Seventy.

</doc>
<doc id="20380439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380439" title="Uganda Investment Authority">
Uganda Investment Authority

The Uganda Investment Authority (UIA) is a semi-autonomous investment promotion and facilitation organisation in Uganda, owned by the Government of Uganda.
Overview.
UIA was created by the Uganda legislature in 1991. The mission of the UIA, according to its website, is ""To promote and facilitate investment projects, provide serviced land, and advocate for a competitive business environment.""
Location.
The headquarters of UIA are located at The Investment Center, TWED Plaza, 22B Lumumba Avenue, Nakasero Hill, in Central Kampala. The coordinates of the head office are:00 19 00N, 32 34 48E (Latitude:0.3165; Longitude:32.5800). The agency maintains a national network of UIA District Focal Point Offices, throughout Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="20380479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380479" title="Hungerford Vocational High School">
Hungerford Vocational High School

The Hungerford Vocational High School was founded by Professor and Mrs. Russell C. Calhoun in 1897. Located in Eatonville, Florida, an African American town at the time, it bordered Maitland on the west. Both the professor and his wife attended the Tuskegee Institute, of which the husband was a graduate. In the spring of 1898, along with the help of friends and relatives, Mr. E C. Hungerford donated to the school of land. Mr. Hungerford of Chester, CT. owned a winter home in Maitland, Florida. The land was donated in memory of his late doctor son, Robert, who died due to yellow fever. Robert had cared for a sick African American boy who no one else would help, even when Robert himself became ill.
The groundwork for the school was possible thanks to donors not only from Florida, but throughout the country. The first cash donation for Hungerford was given by Miss Mary Brown of Winter Park, and the second was $400 was through Booker T. Washington of Tuskegee. Later on Mr. George B. Cluett, the head manufacturer of Troy, New York, donated $8,000 towards the construction of a second building, and an additional $4,000 towards the purchase of an orange grove near campus. Although Cluett Hall was burned in 1922, it was replaced by a stone structure bearing the same name only a year and a half later. Cluett also contributed a major sum towards the dining hall, which he himself insisted be named Calhoun Hall. Additionally, he gave $500 annually towards expenses for a number of years.
By 1927, the school had expanded significantly. Originally only able to support a handful of students, the school now had over 100 boarding pupils, a number of day students, and also carried night classes for adults. A private school, Hungerford required each citizen to make personal arrangements in order to attend the institution. By 1938, Orange County began making arrangements for African American High School students of Winter Park to attend Hungerford, and commuted daily to the school by bus. Hungerford was a private school, offering grades 6 through 12 with dorms for both girls and boys. The institution was equipped with a “dining hall, chapel, library, manual training shops, laundry, home economics laboratory, barn, farm land and facilities for teaching business subjects.”(Hall) It embraced both college preparatory and vocational, including subjects such as English, Latin, history, general science, biology, algebra, geometry, manual training(industrial arts), and home economics. The school also taught typing, bookkeeping, agriculture and physical education.
As the 20th century progressed, classes in technical subjects such as mechanical drawing and radio were added. As for extracurricular activities, Hungerford took part in interschool sports, such as football, basketball and track. To instill responsibility, students were assigned “jobs and chores” outside of the classroom.(Jones) These tasks involved helping maintain the school’s dairy, chicken coops, gardens, classrooms and dormitories. To give back to the communities of Eatonville and Winter Park for their involvement, it had weekly Sunday afternoon Choral Concerts that were open to the public.
In 1950, the Hungerford School became a public school administered by the Orange County School Board. The old, original campus buildings were replaced by new buildings. Today, the school still occupies a large parcel of land in Eatonville, just on the east side of the Interstate 4.
Sources.
Clyde W. Hall
Adventures with history and culture in the Sunshine State, Wednesday, February 28, 2007.
http://myfloridahistory.blogspot.com/2007/02/eatonvilles-hungerford-school.html

</doc>
<doc id="20380505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380505" title="St. Clair Entertainment Group">
St. Clair Entertainment Group

The St. Clair Entertainment Group is a discount distributor of music and entertainment CDs and DVDs, with its corporate head office located in Woodland Hills, California. It was founded in 1985 as a distributor of music special products in Canada. It also has corporate offices and representation in Atlanta, Dallas, Detroit, Miami, Minneapolis, Montreal, New York, Seattle, Toronto and Vancouver. While the company is headquartered in the Los Angeles area, its principal operations are in Montreal, Canada.
St. Clair Entertainment is a significant distributor of films and television series for which copyright has expired or which was imperfected, resulting in the film or television series being in the public domain. Recent releases by St. Clair Entertainment include Quicksand (1950; released in 2007), D.O.A. (1950; released in 2008) and The Lucy Show (1962; released in 2008).
St. Clair Entertainment also has released a number of CDs of artists where the recordings have been acquired under license or are in the public domain. Recent releases include collections by John Lee Hooker, Bob Marley and Ray Charles, as well as country artists Patsy Cline, Roger Miller and Waylon Jennings. In the late 1990s, through licenses from such blues labels as Alligator Records, St. Clair Entertainment released a "Celebration of the Blues" series of CDs, which included such performers as Johnny Winter, Amos Garrett, Norton Buffalo, Buddy Guy, Charlie Musselwhite, Freddie King, James Cotton, King Biscuit Boy, Junior Wells and Katie Webster. The company also has released a number of live performance DVDs, including artists James Brown, Level 42 and Luciano Pavarotti.
The company is also involved in the direct distribution of new music. For example, in 2006, St. Clair Entertainment became the exclusive distributor for Aura Records, the record label owned by Tommy James. Through this agreement, St. Clair Entertainment distributed James' "Hold the Fire" album, released in 2006.
"Celebration of the Blues".
This series of albums included:
Copyright issues.
St. Clair has been accused of violating copyrights related to Alvin and the Chipmunks ("Bagdasarian Productions, LLC v. St. Clair Entertainment Group, Inc.", CV 08-07525 FMC (C.D. Cal. 2008)), Sonia Smith ("Sonia Smith v. St. Clair Entertainment Group, Inc and ARC Music Inc." (E.D. Tex. 2005-06)), and Willie Nelson and others ("Kenneth R. Bennett v. St. Clair Entertainment Group Inc." (M.D. Tenn, filed 2008)). In the case of Melanie O'Reilly versus St Clair, St Clair failed even to show up in court in repeated hearings, and thus conceded a default judgment

</doc>
<doc id="20380515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380515" title="David Lowden">
David Lowden

David Lowden is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s, playing at representative level for Cumbria, and at club level for Workington Town, as a , or , i.e. number 1, or, 2 or 5.
Contemporaneous Article Extract.
"David Lowden "Full-back/winger. A stand-out player as a full-back for Workington, Lowden emerged as a successful winger as the good times came back to Derwent Park in 1990-91. A product of amateur League in Maryport, has represented Cumbria county at professional level, and was a Halbro Shooting Star winner in the '88-89 season."" 

</doc>
<doc id="20380543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380543" title="Eion Katchay">
Eion Katchay

Eion Katchay (born 8 December 1977) is a Guyanese-born cricketer who has played four One Day Internationals and four Twenty20 Internationals for Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20380570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380570" title="Pig candy">
Pig candy

Pig candy is a dessert made by taking thick strips of smoked bacon and pecans and coating them in caramel or another type of sugar, notably brown sugar. Cayenne pepper can be added and it can be dipped in chocolate. This dish is then served warm or cold and is popular in the southern United States, and it has also become very popular in Washington D.C.. It is similar to glazed bacon, featured on Martha Stewart Living.

</doc>
<doc id="20380648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380648" title="Sulpiz Boisserée">
Sulpiz Boisserée

Johann Sulpiz Melchior Dominikus Boisserée (2 August 1783 – 2 May 1854) was a German art collector who played a large role raising money for the restoration of the Cathedral of his native city, Cologne.
He died at Bonn.

</doc>
<doc id="20380665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380665" title="Ian Stokes">
Ian Stokes

Ian Stokes is an Irish FIFA-level soccer referee from Dublin. An experienced League of Ireland official, he took charge of the 2005 FAI Cup Final at Lansdowne Road, Dublin. He has also taken charge of one of the semi-finals of the 2007 Setanta Sports Cup. At international level, Stokes refereed one UEFA Euro 2008 qualifier. In October 2008, he refereed at the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship.
Career.
Stokes received his FIFA badge in 2004. He officiated the 2005 FAI Cup Final and the semi-final of the 2007 Setanta Sports Cup 2007. In 2006, Stokes was appointed to the Elite Phase of the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship in Croatia and later took charge of a Euro 2008 qualifier, Andorra v. Israel in the Estadi Comunal d'Aixovall. The match was attended by 680 spectators.
UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship 2008.
In October 2008, Stokes attended the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship in a professional capacity. On 7 October 2008, he took charge of the Group 2 match in which Belgium beat Estonia 5 – 0 at Kadriorg in Tallinn, Estonia. On 10 October 2008, he took charge of the Group 2 match in which Belgium and Croatia drew 2 – 2 at Kuusalu in Kuusalu, Estonia.
Controversy.
In May 2006, Stokes refereed an FAI Cup match between Cork City and Longford Town in which City lost 2–1. Following the game, City manager Damien Richardson criticised the FAI and its disciplinary commission. He claimed that football in Ireland was being run by "an old boys' network" and expressed his anger at the suspensions which had just previously been handed out to his defender Danny Murphy. The FAI received the reports of Stokes and match observer Pat Quigley and spent the following day collecting newspaper clippings and transcripts of Richardson's post-match press conference.
In July 2008, Stokes awarded a penalty to Cobh Ramblers against Bray Wanderers in a Premier Division match, only to over-rule and give a free kick to Bray as Kevin Murray prepared to take the spot-kick. Earlier in the match he had disallowed a Daryl Kavanagh goal, Cobh conceded a late goal to lose the match and were subsequently relegated at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20380683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380683" title="Bijago language">
Bijago language

Bijago, or Bidyogo, is the language of the Bissagos Archipelago of Guinea-Bissau. There are some difficulties of grammar and intelligibility between dialects, with the Kamona dialect being unintelligible to the others.
Dialects are,
Characteristics.
The Kajoko dialect is one of the few in the world known to use a linguolabial consonant, the voiced stop , in its basic sound system (Olson et al. 2009).
Classification.
Bijago is highly divergent. Sapir (1971) classified it as an isolate within the West Atlantic family. However, Segerer showed that this is primarily due to unrecognized sound changes, and that Bijago is in fact close to the Bak languages. For example, the following cognates in Bijago and Joola Kasa (a Bak language) are completely regular, but had not previously been identified (Segerer 2010):

</doc>
<doc id="20380684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380684" title="Prairie Post">
Prairie Post

The Prairie Post is a weekly published newspaper for farmers from Medicine Hat, Alberta and Swift Current, Saskatchewan and area.
The Prairie Post East Edition is a weekly newspaper published in southeast Alberta, and southwest Saskatchewan. the Prairie Post is owned by Alta Newspaper Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20380708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380708" title="Sold Out (The Kingston Trio album)">
Sold Out (The Kingston Trio album)

Sold Out is an album by American folk music group The Kingston Trio, released in 1960 (see 1960 in music). It was their third LP to reach #1, stayed there for twelve weeks, and received an RIAA gold certification the same year. "El Matador" b/w "Home From the Hill" was its lead-off single, though it just made the Top 40. "Sold Out" remained in the Top 40 for 54 weeks, longer than any other Trio album.
History.
The version of "Raspberries, Strawberries" included is a remake of the Trio's follow-up single to "Tom Dooley." Two songs recorded during the "Sold Out" sessions were not released until "The Kingston Trio: The Capitol Years" anthology—"Home From the Hill" and "The World's Last Authentic Playboys". The latter was re-recorded on the Whiskeyhill Singers' debut album.
Reception.
The album was their third to reach #1 and stayed on the Billboard Top 40 for 54 weeks.
In his Allmusic review, critic Matt Fink called the album "solid, pleasant listening, though not particularly challenging in any sense."

</doc>
<doc id="20380709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380709" title="2010 Women's Professional Soccer season">
2010 Women's Professional Soccer season

The 2010 Women's Professional Soccer season was the second season for the WPS, the top level professional women's soccer league in the United States. Regular season champion FC Gold Pride won the WPS Championship on September 26 with a 4-0 victory over the Philadelphia Independence.
Competition Format/Schedule.
2010 schedule
Standings.
"Blue denotes team has clinched regular season championship."<br>
"Green denotes team has spot in Playoffs."
Leaders.
Goalkeeping.
Minimum 60 minutes played per game average
Awards.
End-of-year awards.
WPS announced its end-of-year awards on September 16.
Related Competitions.
All-Star Game.
WPS All-Star 2010 took place on June 30, a midseason date as opposed to the previous year's postseason All-Star game. It was played at the new Kennesaw State University Soccer Stadium in Kennesaw, Georgia, home to the Atlanta Beat;. The United States Coast Guard once again presented the game, which aired on Fox Soccer Channel again as well.
The all-star selection process was the same as in the previous year, although twice as many players were selected. The top US vote-getter, Abby Wambach, and the top international vote-getter, Marta, then chose between the remaining 20 voted-on players to create their teams, with the 14 at-large selections being distributed by the league. Marta's XI defeated Abby's XI 5–2.
External links.
"Kursiver Text"

</doc>
<doc id="20380716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380716" title="Yang Yang (Atlanta giant panda)">
Yang Yang (Atlanta giant panda)

Yang Yang (, meaning: "little sea") (b. 9 September 1997) is a male giant panda currently residing at Zoo Atlanta. He is the mate to Lun Lun and the father to Mei Lan, Xi Lan, Po, and twins Mei Lun and Mei Huan.
Yang Yang was born at the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding and has been on loan to Zoo Atlanta since November 1999. He was originally named Jiu Jiu, until his "adoption" by three Norwegian organizations. Because giant pandas are solitary and males do not play any part in cub-rearing, Yang Yang is kept separate from Lun Lun and their offspring.

</doc>
<doc id="20380742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380742" title="Lars Tharp">
Lars Tharp

Lars Broholm Tharp (born 27 March 1954, Copenhagen, Denmark) is a Danish-born historian, lecturer and broadcaster, and one of the longest running 'experts' on the BBC antiques programme, "Antiques Roadshow", first appearing in 1986.
Early life and education.
Tharp was born in Copenhagen on 27 March 1954, the son of Harry Tharp and Anne Marie Broholm. He was educated at Wyggeston Grammar School for Boys in Leicester, England, before studying for an undergraduate degree in Archaeology and Anthropology at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge University.
Career.
In 1977, a year after graduating, Tharp began working as an auctioneer at Sothebys, where he specialised in European and Chinese ceramics. Tharp continued to work with Sothebys for sixteen years, becoming a director in 1983. In 2008 he was appointed the Director of the Foundling Museum in London, and Visiting Professor at De Montfort University, Leicester. Today he represents the Foundling Museum as its Ambassador, and as "Hogarth Curator"
Tharp is also well known for his appearances as a ceramics expert on the British antiques programme "Antiques Roadshow". Tharp explained the appeal of the programme as follows:
A joy of Antiques Roadshow is inevitably someone will bring something used as a dog's bowl or an umbrella stand which turns out to be worth a fortune.
Personal life.
Tharp lives in Leicestershire with his wife Gillian Block, whom he married in 1983. They have two daughters.
Apart from antiques, Tharp has a particular interest in music, having played the cello since the age of eight. He also lists European and Chinese travel among his interests.

</doc>
<doc id="20380793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380793" title="List of things named after Barack Obama">
List of things named after Barack Obama

This is a list of things named after Barack Obama, the 44th and current President of the United States. This list includes proposed name changes.
Streets.
Barack Obama Avenue in Chicago at 127th Street

</doc>
<doc id="20380803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380803" title="Karun Jethi">
Karun Jethi

Karun Jethi (born 19 December 1983) is an Indian-born cricketer who has played three One Day Internationals and five Twenty20 Internationals for Canada.
Jethi made his ODI debut against Bermuda on 18 August 2008 in the Scotiabank series which included West Indies, Canada and Bermuda. In that match, Jethi scored a quick fire 46 and took 2 wickets which earned him the Man of the Match award.

</doc>
<doc id="20380825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380825" title="Thornhill (Forkland, Alabama)">
Thornhill (Forkland, Alabama)

Thornhill is a historic plantation near Forkland, Alabama. The Greek Revival main house was built in 1833 by James Innes Thornton. The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 10, 1984. 
History.
James Innes Thornton was born October 28, 1800, at the Thornton family plantation known as Fall Hill, in Fredericksburg, Virginia. He was educated at Washington and Lee University and then emigrated to Huntsville, Alabama. He began to practice law there in 1820. He was elected as Alabama's third secretary of state in 1824 and remained in that position until 1834. After this he retired from public life and became a planter in Greene County. Thornton married Mary Amelia Glover in 1825, daughter of Allen and Sarah Norwood Glover of Demopolis. They had two children. Her brother, Williamson Allen Glover, developed the neighboring plantation known as Rosemount. Mary died after only a few years, in 1831 Thornton remarried to Anne Amelia Smith of Dumfries, Virginia. Anne died in 1864, he then remarried in 1870 for a third and final time to Mrs. Sarah Williams Gould Gowdy, daughter of William Proctor and Eliza Chotard Gould of the Hill of Howth, Boligee. Thornton died at Thornhill on September 13, 1877.
Regarding the Thornton connection to George Washington, Mildred Washington Gregory, George Washington's paternal aunt and godmother, had three daughters who married three Thornton brothers. Mildred Gregory's daughter Frances (circ. 1720-1790)(first cousin of George Washington) married Col. Francis Thornton III (circ. 1711-1748) of Fall Hill. They were the great grandparents of James Innes Thornton. 
Thornhill Plantation was developed as a cotton plantation in the early 1830s and extended over . It utilized the labor of 156 slaves by 1860. About a third of the slaves lived in quarters behind the main house. According to the diary of Josiah Gorgas, in talking with Thornton at Thornhill on Tuesday, June 6, 1865, less than two months after the end of the Civil War, Thornton "oppos(ed) ... the doctrine of secession and necessary deduction that we fought so valiantly (in the War) and bled so freely in a cause radically wrong." Gorgas pointed out however, "He has, I learn however, done his share to sustain the war, & perhaps that consciousness makes him talk the more freely of his former views"
Architecture.
William Nichols is believed to be the architect of the main house at Thornhill. Nichols became the state architect of Alabama in 1827. He is known for designing the now-destroyed Alabama State Capitol building at Tuscaloosa and the former Mississippi State Capitol building in Jackson, Mississippi. The house at Thornhill was completed by 1833. The monumental two-story portico with six Ionic columns was added circa 1850. David Rinehart Anthony, of Eutaw, is believed to be the builder who made the portico addition and second story balcony (crisscrossed lattice railing). The house measures wide. Inside is a wide by long central hall with a spiral staircase at the back. There are two rooms to either side. The left front room was the parlor, with the dining room behind it. On the front right was the master bedroom with the plantation office behind it. Upstairs is a matching hall and four bedrooms. All eight rooms are square. The downstairs rooms have ceilings. The upstairs ceilings are . 
Originally there was a brick kitchen behind the house, it later burned. Additions were made to the original structure from circa 1890 to 1949. They were razed in 1994 and rebuilt to better match the original intent of the house. The house and grounds were extensively recorded by the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1934. The plantation schoolhouse was constructed circa 1845. The Thornton children, as well as neighboring plantation children, were taught there. Surrounding the schoolhouse are 230-year-old post oaks.
Family Cemetery.
Buried in the family cemetery, located a few hundred feet east of the main house, are:
Grandson James Innes Thornton (March 10, 1873 - July 23, 1951) was re-interred in Eutaw's Mesopotamia Cemetery, next to his second wife, Helen Williamson Allison Thornton (February 15, 1890-December 12, 1963). His first wife, Betty Woolf Thornton (April 23, 1887-September 22, 1932), was re-interred in the Dayton Cemetery.
Thornton's first wife, Mary Amelia Glover Thornton, is buried in the Glover Mausoleum at Riverside Cemetery, Demopolis. His third wife, Sarah Williams Gould Gowdy Thornton (June 11, 1824-August 23, 1885), is buried in the Bethsalem Cemetery, Boligee.

</doc>
<doc id="20380838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380838" title="James Hirni">
James Hirni

James F. Hirni is a lobbyist who was convicted for bribing U.S. Senate staff aides in exchange for favorable amendments to legislation. A former aide to U.S. Senator Tim Hutchinson (R-AR), he joined the lobbying firm Sonnenschein, Nath & Rosenthal, and then became a member of "Team Abramoff" at Greenberg Traurig. He was a lobbyist for Wal-Mart from 2004-08, joining Wal-Mart full time in 2007 as its executive director of Republican outreach from lobbying firm Cassidy & Associates. 
Court documents filed November 21, 2008, charged Hirni with one count of "conspiracy to commit honest services wire fraud" for giving Blackann and a Fraser Verrusio, a staffer to Alaska Rep. Don Young an all-expenses paid trip to the World Series in exchange for favorable amendments to the Federal Highway Bill that benefited Hirni and Boulanger's client, United Rentals.
On December 12, 2008, he pleaded guilty to conspiring to commit wire fraud. The guilty conduct occurred just a few weeks before Hirni left Sonnenschein to work with Abramoff at Greenberg Traurig. 
The equipment rental conspiracy alleged in the scheme also resulted in guilty pleas from another Abramoff associate — Todd Boulanger — and a Senate aide, Trevor Blackann, who at the time worked for Missouri Republican Senator Kit Bond.
On March 6, 2009, Verrusio was indicted for receiving that trip in return for inserting the legislative amendments. Hirni also worked as a lobbyist at Rhoads Group, the National Federation of Independent Business and Sonnenschein, Nath & Rosenthal, and as a legislative assistant to Sen. Bill Frist and Sen. Jeff Sessions.
In January 2011, it was reported that Hirni was actively working on the campaign of Rick Santorum.

</doc>
<doc id="20380860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380860" title="Steve Conliff">
Steve Conliff

Steven Conliff (November 24, 1949 – June 1, 2006) was a Midwestern-based, Native American writer, historian, social satirist and political activist in the 1960s and 1970s.
He is chiefly remembered for throwing a banana cream pie at James A. Rhodes, the governor of Ohio, in 1977, at the opening of the Ohio State Fair in Columbus.
Conliff and others protested against the governor in part for Rhodes’ direct involvement and use of violence against anti-Vietnam war protestors at Kent State University in May 1970. By ordering the Ohio National Guard on to the campus at Kent with live ammunition, and by comments made to the public on May 3, 1970, Rhodes approved the infamous Kent State Shootings, which took place on May 4, 1970. Conliff was later acquitted of charges of assault on the governor, as sequential and clear photographs showed the airborne pie nearly completely missing the back of the governor’s head.
Conliff was an important leader of the Yippies' second wave, which included well-known activists such as AJ Weberman, Aron Kay (another famous pie thrower), David Peel, and Dana Beal. He was also the transatlantic coordinator of the Rock Against Racism USA campaign of 1979, helping to organize concerts in Columbus, Chicago, and New York City. In his own words, he "reversed dangerous historical trends through antics like 'the Conliff precedent' (disrespect which doesn't impede justice isn't contempt of court)." He grew up on absorbing oral history dating to the Revolutionary War from relatives like his great-uncle Carl Miller, the first Indian Reorganization chief.
In the summer of 1970, Steven E. Conliff started his first alternative publication, "Purple Berries", and met artist Suzan Bird. They married in 1973 and had three sons; Byron (1981), Nicholai (1986), and Leon (1993)). Both contributed to the "Columbus Free Press" (1971–92), "YIPster TImes" (1972–78), "Subversive Scholastic" (1978–84), "HVPTA / Bite Magazine" (1978-80), and "Overthrow" (1979–98). One of his continuing characters, "the Leader of the Street People" Zorba the Freak, became legendary. Suzan's artwork frequently accompanied her husband's writings.
With Dana Beal and the YIPPIES (Youth International Party), Conliff put out the anthology "Blacklisted News: Secret Histories from Chicago 1968 to 1984", forward by William Kunstler (Bleecker 1983). Steve's work also appeared in "High Times", "New From Indian Country" and "The Mohican News", and he ran the Columbus Entertainment magazine from 1986 to 1988. He edited and published his father's account of World War II in the Aleutians, "E.B. Conliff's History of the 37th Infantry" (Bleecker 1994), ghost-wrote a 1992 campaign biography that helped oust a local despot (Smith: Portrait of a Sheriff), and authored several influential reports condemning Battelle Memorial Institute's involvement in the Fernald uranium processing facility clean-up.
A tribal descendant, Conliff presented papers detailing Mohican Indian history on the Stockbridge-Munsee Reservation (2001) and at the New York State Museum in Albany (2004). He contributed American Indian ethnography to "Notable Native Americans" (Gale 1993) and "Volume 1 of the Gale Encyclopedia if NAtive American Tribes" (Gale 1998).
His published poetry includes "Peace in Persia" (1981) and the 1979 epic "Zeitgiest: The Ballad of Tom Forcade" (Blacklisted News), a history of the counter-culture "The Dreaded Yippie Curse", ibid and two novels available on-line, Chief Buffalo and The Green Arm, a satire of weapons of mass destruction. His most recent work published after his death is "8060 Olentangy River Road", a history of land in Delaware County Ohio.
An account of Conliff's early career is in Steve Abbott's "Karl and Groucho Marxist Dance" Voices Underground: Insiders Histories of the Vietnam Era Underground Press, Vol.1, Ken Wachsberger, ED, (Mica's Press 1993)
He died of lung cancer on June 1, 2006.
External links.
Picture of Steve circa 1978, as one friend remembers 

</doc>
<doc id="20380862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380862" title="Morgan Baker">
Morgan Baker

Morgan Baker (born 11 May 1997) is an Australian child actor. He has been playing Callum Jones on the soap opera "Neighbours" since June 2008.
Career.
Baker has appeared in TV commercials since he was in kindergarten and has appeared in several tele-movies, films and TV series including "The Society Murders", "Underbelly" and "The King".
Baker is in Year Ten at secondary school, but while filming for "Neighbours" he is tutored on set because school is 45 minutes away.
Baker has said that to succeed in acting, he knows he must focus on it completely and realises he must make some sacrifices, such as quitting his tennis lessons. He also recommends getting an agent and says prospective actors must "get used to being criticised" and that being good at reading helps.
Baker admits that people tell him he is "too quiet on set".
A keen chef, Baker has said that if he doesn't succeed in acting he would like to appear on "Ready Steady Cook".
He also starred in the 2006 Tropfest Film Festival top 16 finalist "Goggles".

</doc>
<doc id="20380878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380878" title="Pressburg Yeshiva (Austria-Hungary)">
Pressburg Yeshiva (Austria-Hungary)

The Pressburg Yeshiva, was the largest and most influential Yeshiva in Central Europe in the 19th century. It was founded in the city of Pressburg, Austrian Empire (today Bratislava, Slovakia) by Rabbi Moshe Sofer (known as the "Chasam Sofer") and was considered the largest Yeshiva since the time of the Babylonian Talmud.
Leadership.
Rabbi Moshe Sofer (Chassam Sofer).
Some sources document its establishment in 1803 whilst others cite 1806. The Yeshiva was known as "The Chassam Sofer Yeshiva", or simply as "Pressburg Yeshiva".
Unlike Yeshivas in Czarist Russia which were forced to operate clandestinely, the Pressburg Yeshiva was recognized by the Austro-Hungarian Empire whose emperor Franz Joseph I sympathized and respected the Jews and their leader Rabbi Sofer. The Yeshiva was licensed by the Minister of Education of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Under the law, the school required the four upper grades to study secular studies. These secular studies were not taught in the yeshiva, but students attended and took exams at another Jewish school in Pressburg run by the orthodox Jewish community. All of the yeshiva's students were exempted from military service; most of the military rabbis who served in the Austro-Hungarian Army were graduates of the Pressburg Yeshiva, and held officers’ ranks.
The Yeshiva was founded at the height of the Age of Enlightenment and surge of the Jewish Haskalah movement. As such, the Chassam Sofer stood at the forefront against any reform to traditional Judaism and trained his many students to maintain strict observance of Torah and Shulchan Aruch.
This yeshiva produced hundreds of future leaders of Austro-Hungarian Jewry who made great influence on the general traditional orthodox and future Charedi Judaism.
Notable students of the Chassam Sofer were:
Rabbi Avraham Shmuel Binyamin Sofer (Ksav Sofer).
Upon Moses Sofer's death on October 3, 1839, his son, Rabbi Avraham Shmuel Binyamin (known as the "Ksav Sofer") succeeded him as Rosh Yeshiva. Like his father, Rabbi Samuel Binyamin was a man of great Talmudic knowledge and of great character. Even the Emperor Franz Joseph, was impressed by him and recognized the Yeshiva as an official theological college. This status exempted students from military service.
Amongst his students were:
Rabbi Simcha Bunim Sofer (Shevet Sofer).
Upon Rabbi Shmuel Binyamin's death on December 31, 1871, his son, Rabbi Simcha Bunim Sofer (known as the "Shevet Sofer") assumed both the positions of Rav of Pressburg and rosh yeshiva of the Pressburg Yeshiva which number some 400 students at the time.
The Tiferess Shabboss Society was established in 1883 by students of the Pressburg Yeshiva. The society aimed at awakening learning competition between the Yeshiva students. Every Shabbat, one of the young men was chosen to give a "shiur" on the subject being learnt in the yeshiva.
In 1903 a booklet was published by the Tiferess Shabboss Society, bearing its own name. This book names some 240 students who were learning at the Pressburg Yeshiva at that time.
Amongst the young men mentioned are dozens of Hungarian rabbis, including a few Gedolei Torah :
Other known students were:
Rabbi Akiva Sofer (Daas Sofer).
In 1907, after the passing of Rabbi Simcha Bunim, his son Rabbi Akiva Sofer (known as the "Daas Sofer") assumed leadership over the Pressburg Yeshiva and congregation. 
The First World War and the resultant breakup of the Hapsburg Empire brought tumultuous times to the Yeshiva. Pressburg became Bratislava and passed to the dominion of the new country Czechoslovakia. Countries such as Hungary, Austria, Germany and Poland hampered efforts of students trying to reach the Yeshiva with difficulties attaining passports and visas. Nonetheless, the Yeshiva flourished and continued to operate. 
After the Czech crises of 1938 and Hitler’s invasion of the country, Rabbi Akiva fled Hungary. Upon the advice of his uncle, Rabbi Shimon Sofer of Erlau, he escaped to Switzerland and from there to Jerusalem, where he re-established the yeshiva in the Kiryat Moshe neighborhood.
Amongst his students were:

</doc>
<doc id="20380890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380890" title="Little Dedo">
Little Dedo

Little Dedo is a small gargoyle with pointy ears and human-like feet on the Notre Dame Cathedral.
When the cathedral was built in 1160, a nun from a tiny convent in Provence who disliked the menacing gargoyles that were put on top of the building to ward off evil spirits, disguised herself as a workman, gained entrance to the work site and quickly carved the sculpture from a small block before placing it on the highest roof.
The gargoyle was undiscovered for centuries until a small boy, lost in the labyrinthine structure, stumbled off a ledge and rolled down a roof into the arms of the gargoyle. Since its rediscovery, the creature has been affectionately known as Little Dedo, the gargoyle with the crossed toes.

</doc>
<doc id="20380901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380901" title="Kanyadan (film)">
Kanyadan (film)

Kanyadan is a Maithili film released in 1965 directed by Phani Majumdar, it was first feature film in the language.

</doc>
<doc id="20380906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380906" title="Mount McKinley National Park Headquarters District">
Mount McKinley National Park Headquarters District

The Mount McKinley National Park Headquarters District in what is now called Denali National Park was the original administrative center of the park. It contains an extensive collection of National Park Service Rustic structures, primarily designed by the National Park Service's Branch of Plans and Designs in the 1930s.
In 1920, the newly created park received funding to hire staff and establish an administrative area. When the Alaska Railroad reached the park in 1922, park headquarters were moved from the community of Nenana to a location near the new railroad station within the park boundaries. In the fall of 1925, park headquarters were moved to its current location. By 1927, nine structures—including those moved from the original site—occupied the headquarters district.
As the hub of park administrative and management, the headquarters area expanded according to detailed plans provided by the Branch of Plans and Design. As in many of the national parks during the Depression, the Civilian Conservation Corps had an important role in the development of conservation and recreation-oriented projects within the park as a whole and headquarters district in particular. Beginning in 1938, CCC accomplished many projects within the park, but most of their efforts focused on the headquarters area where they constructed sewer and water lines, roads, and buildings. The CCC mess hall is the only remaining vestige of the CCC's presence at Denali.
External links.
"In addition to the links below, a number of the Headquarters District buildings are extensively documented at the Historic American Buildings Survey:"

</doc>
<doc id="20380928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380928" title="Quinceañera Macarena">
Quinceañera Macarena

In 2008, Los Del Rio released "Quinceañera Macarena", a quinceañera themed album to commemorate the fifteenth birthday of their #1 hit single "Macarena". The album featured performances by Jon Secada, Oscar D'Leon, T. Lopez, The DEY and Barullo.
The AOS Mix of Macarena featuring T. Lopez, Yeyo (The DEY) and el Chino DreadLion was produced by The Art of Sound and released in November 2008 by IMC records, thru Universal Music Latin in the U.S., the remake received moderate airplay on some Spanish music stations, such as WSKQ-FM, KVVZ, and WMEG and peaked in Top 25 of the Latin Billboard charts.
Album Featured Track Listing
Details
Contributing Artists: Jon Secada, Oscar D'Leon, Yeyo, El Barullo, El Chino, T. Opez, The D.E.Y., T. Lopez
Producer: Germán Ortiz, Jesus Hidalgo
Distributor: Universal Music Latino
Recording Type: Studio
Recording Mode: Stereo
SPAR Code: n/a
Album Notes
Personnel: Germán Ortiz (acoustic guitar, tres, ukulele, keyboards, programming, drum programming); Juan Pablo Diaz (acoustic guitar); Marc G. Quintilla (electric guitar); John Lozano (accordion); Manuel Gonzalez (trombone); Lasim Richards (brass).Audio Mixers: Dave Junco; Germán Ortiz.Recording information: South Beach Studios, Miami Beach, FL; Studio Marc Kondrat, Miami, FL; Studios Lujan Dyango, Barcelona, Spain.Arrangers: Germán Ortiz; Jesus Hidalgo.
http://www.thefreelibrary.com/Adios+JLo+and+Hello+TLo+-+The+New+Macarena+is+Cash+Money+Records%27...-a0193451843

</doc>
<doc id="20380931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380931" title="Bhauji Maay">
Bhauji Maay

Bhauji Maay is Maithili released in 1965 directed by Mehul Kumar.
See also.
In recent years a number of Maithili films have come up in the market which have attracted the movie goers with love for Maithili.Among such films which deserve our attention are as follows:
1.Sasta Jinagi Mahag Sinoor 
2.Senurak Laaj 
3.Dularua Babu 
4.Kakhan Harab Dukh Mor (based on Vidyapati's life)
5.Mukhiya Jee(amrendra baheri belhi )DBG
Contributed by Bhaskaranand Jha Bhaskar,Basant,Kharka,Jale,Darbhanga

</doc>
<doc id="20380983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380983" title="Evasive Space">
Evasive Space

Evasive Space (Kiken Kūiki in Japan) is a sci-fi action game video game developed by High Voltage Software and published by Akinai Games. It is one of several video games released as WiiWare through the Wii Shop Channel. It was released in North America on February 16, 2009 and in Japan on April 7, 2009.
Gameplay.
"Evasive Space" is an action game with 3D graphics procedurally generated by High Voltage Software's Quantum3 game engine. Often erroneously labeled as a classic-style shooter, players guide their ship by using the Wii Remote's infrared pointer to avoid obstacles and enemies and collect items and power-ups. The controls are simple: the player points the cursor in the direction they wish to travel and depress the throttle (B button) to move. The further the cursor is from the ship, the faster it travels. When the ship hits a wall or obstacle, it becomes stunned momentarily. Obstacles include enemy turrets, black holes, asteroids, and narrow environments which restrict the player's movement. Items include Energy Cells responsible for powering the ship, Chronospheres that rewind back 5 seconds to the mission timer, and Diodes that can unlock up to six ship upgrades, the first of which being an energy shield that protects the ship from damage. Some levels are completed by collecting a set number of items, and other require the player to guide their ship to the end of the level before a time limit expires.
Multiplayer.
Six multiplayer modes are included in the game, which allows up to four people to compete with each other offline. The game also includes a Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection leaderboard feature for players to compare the time scores they receive after successfully completing levels.
Plot.
"Evasive Space" focuses on the character Konki, the Stellar Guardian, who must regain the Constellation Stones from Dr. Dark Matter and his band of space thieves. By recovering the scattered stones, Konki can restore light to the galaxy. The story plays out across 20 levels divided into four different environments.
Reception.
"Evasive Space" has received mixed reviews. Destructoid awarded the game an 8/10, saying that it "looks and feels very polished" and is an "interesting title with fun gameplay." IGN gave the game a 6.9/10, citing issues with the responsiveness of the controls and sometimes frustrating level design. 1UP.com called it clever and smartly designed but potentially frustrating (a "rage machine") for some players. WiiWare World thought the game had a few good ideas but overall was marred by a "frustratingly obtuse" control scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="20380987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20380987" title="Abas Ermenji">
Abas Ermenji

Prof. Abas Ermenji (December 12, 1913 - March 13, 2003) was an Albanian politician and historian.
History.
Ermenji was born in the village of Ermenj, Skrapar on December 12, 1913. His education was conducted in Berat elementary and middle school. He attended high school in Shkodra. In the years 1934-1938, Ermenji went to university in Sorbonne, Paris and was part of the Faculty of Literature with specialization in History.
Ermenji returned to Albania in 1938 and appointed professor at the Lycée of Korçë where he taught until November, 1939. He was arrested by the Italians as one of the organizers of a rally in Korça on November 28, 1939 against the fascist occupation. He went on exile to the island of Ventotenes. In 1941, Ermenji returned to Albania and helped organise the National Front (Balli Kombëtar).
Once back in Albania, Ermenji took part in organizing armed resistance against foreign occupation in the area Skrapar-Berat and managed to keep it free from the Italian forces.
After the victory of communist revolution in Albania, Ermenji was forced into exile by the new regime. He settled in Paris where the Democratic National Committee directs the "Free Albania", which has played a major role in efforts for a free Albania from the communist regime and to liberate Kosovo from Yugoslavia.
After recreating the National Front in Albania in 1991, Ermenji was elected leader of the new National Front in the years 1994 and 1998. During this period and despite his great age, Ermenji made a major contribution to the establishment of Albanian national sentiment through a series of conferences in the entire country.
Abas Ermenji was a staunch defender of Albanians in Yugoslavia and Greece. He published many articles to bring awareness of the issues Albanians faced under neighboring rule. Ermenji was also known for writing the book "Place of Scanderbeg in Albania's history", a study of Scanderbeg's impact on the history of Albania and Albanian nation

</doc>
<doc id="20381009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381009" title="Pressburg Yeshiva (Jerusalem)">
Pressburg Yeshiva (Jerusalem)

Pressburg Yeshiva of Jerusalem () is a leading yeshiva located in the Givat Shaul neighborhood of Jerusalem, Israel. It was founded in 1950 by Rabbi Akiva Sofer (known as the "Daas Sofer"), a great-grandson of Rabbi Moses Sofer (the "Chasam Sofer"), who established the original Pressburg Yeshiva in the Austro-Hungarian Empire in 1807. As of 2009, the rosh yeshiva is Rabbi Simcha Bunim Sofer.
The yeshiva building includes a yeshiva ketana, yeshiva gedola, and kollel.
The main beis medrash doubles as a synagogue where some neighborhood residents also pray on Shabbat. The complex also includes a general neighborhood synagogue which functions as Givat Shaul's main nusach Ashkenaz synagogue.

</doc>
<doc id="20381038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381038" title="Pressburg Yeshiva">
Pressburg Yeshiva

Pressburg Yeshiva may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20381076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381076" title="String Along">
String Along

String Along is an album by The Kingston Trio, released in 1960 (see 1960 in music). It was their fifth studio album in a row to reach number one on the Billboard charts and remained there for ten weeks. "String Along" received an RIAA gold certification in 1962, a year after Dave Guard had left the group. It was the last LP of the Trio to reach the number one spot. Two singles, "Bad Man Blunder" b/w "The Escape of Old John Webb" and "Everglades" b/w "This Mornin', This Evenin', So Soon", were released. Both were the last singles of the "Guard years" Trio to chart, "Bad Man Blunder" the last to reach the Top 40.
"The Escape of Old John Webb" is an old English folk song and was deliberately recorded in an attempt to increase the Trio's popularity in Great Britain.
Dave Guard played Gibson's first 12-string guitar on this album.
Reception.
In his Allmusic review, critic Bruce Eder noted that the album had the most unusual sound compared to previous albums, essentially making it a "quieter album". Eder noted the album "has other highlights and oddities" and singled out Ray Charles' "Leave My Woman Alone".

</doc>
<doc id="20381077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381077" title="Nudi (surname)">
Nudi (surname)

Nudi is a surname of Italian or Spanish descent. The origin of the name is the plural form of the word "nudo" meaning naked.

</doc>
<doc id="20381079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381079" title="Nudi (software)">
Nudi (software)

Nudi is a computer program and font-encoding standard used for managing and displaying the Kannada script.
The Karnataka government owns and makes the Nudi software available for free. It was developed by the Kannada Ganaka Parishat, a non-profit organisation. Most of the fonts included with Nudi can be used for dynamic font embedding purposes; however, since the fonts and software are available freely, they can be used in other situations as well, for example database management. It is a font-encoding based standard (i.e., it uses ASCII values to store glyphs). However, Nudi editor provides saving in Unicode and Nudi engine provides inputting data in Unicode provided the system provides support to Unicode and system has an opentype font. 
Nudi supports most of the windows based database systems like Access, Oracle, SQL, DB2 etc., It also supports MySQL.

</doc>
<doc id="20381085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381085" title="James Atkinson (cricketer)">
James Atkinson (cricketer)

James John Atkinson (born 24 August 1990 in Hong Kong) is an international cricketer who has played two One Day Internationals for Hong Kong. A wicket-keeper, he has also represented Hong Kong at Under 19s level, and was selected as part of their squad for the 2010 U-19 Cricket World Cup. He was the first player born in the 1990s to play in a One Day International.

</doc>
<doc id="20381094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381094" title="Coddington magnifier">
Coddington magnifier

A Coddington magnifier is a magnifying glass consisting of a single very thick lens with a central deep groove diaphragm at the "equator", thus limiting the rays to those close to the axis, which again minimizes spherical aberration. This allows for greater magnification than a conventional magnifying glass, typically 10× up to 20×. Most single lens magnifiers are limited to 5× or so before significant distortion occurs. The drawback is that the diaphragm groove reduces the area seen through the magnifier.
History.
In 1812 William Hyde Wollaston introduced a much improved version of the earliest magnifiers consisting of a spherical glass by employing two hemispheres of glass mounted together with a small stop between them. Sir David Brewster found that Wollaston's form worked best when the two lenses were hemispheres and the central space was filled up with a transparent cement having the same refractive index as the glass. He therefore used a sphere from a single piece of glass with a deep groove cut in it. In 1829, Henry Coddington brought the Wollaston-Brewster lens into general notice, and further refined the design by modifying the shape of the groove, though Coddington laid no claim to being its inventor.

</doc>
<doc id="20381110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381110" title="Abdurraman Dibra">
Abdurraman Dibra


</doc>
<doc id="20381138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381138" title="Megalictis ferox">
Megalictis ferox

Megalictis ferox was a species of large predatory mustelid, now extinct, which existed in North America during the "cat gap" in the Miocene period. It is thought to have resembled a large wolverine, with a body mass of up to .
Species identification.
The genus "Megalictis" was first described by W. D. Matthew in 1907, and assigned to the family "Mustelidae". Two similar genera discovered at the same time, "Aelurocyon" (Peterson, 1907) and "Paroligobunis" (Peterson, 1910) were identified as synonymous with "Megalictis" in 1996. P. R. Bjork, in 1970, assigned the genus to the subfamily "Mellivorinae", whilst J. A. Baskin reassigned it to "Oligobuninae" in 1998. Two other species have been identified in the genus: "Megalictis petersoni" and "Megalictis frazieri", whilst two more, "Megalictis brevifacies" and "Megalictis simplicidens", have since been determined to be synonymous with "Megalictis ferox". Other synonyms for the species include "Aelurocyon brevifacies", "Brachypsalis simplicidens" and "Paroligobunis simplicidens".
Specimens of the species have been found at ten sites in South Dakota, Nebraska and Wyoming, dated to the Harrisonian period - from 24.8 to 20.6 million years ago. The 19 specimens so far identified have a wide range of sizes, which is believed to be evidence of extreme sexual dimorphism, a phenomenon where males and females of the species will grow to different sizes; a 1996 study rejected the possibility of multiple "morphologically uniform" but differently sized species as unlikely. However, later studies identified significant morphological variation in the joints of the forearms, which would not be consistent with sexual dimorphism. suggests that the identification of all of these as a single species may need revision.
Physiology.
Some writers suggest it could grow to the size of a black bear, whilst others suggest a less exceptional mass of , compared to the wolverine of . "Ekorus ekakeran", a comparable mustelid of the same period found in Africa, is estimated to have been around . Matthew described it as having short stout legs, with short feet and long non-retractible claws, similar to a modern wolverine but about twice the size, and noted that "the teeth indicate an animal fully as predaceous as the wolverine, but the skeleton points to more fossorial habits". Research comparing the joints of the forelegs to modern mammalian carnivores suggests that it waited in ambush and grappled with its prey, rather than hunting it down by pursuit like a modern cheetah.

</doc>
<doc id="20381149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381149" title="Geoffrey Munn">
Geoffrey Munn

Geoffrey Charles Munn, OBE, FSA, FLS, FRSA (born in Hastings on 11 April 1953) is a British jewellery specialist and writer. He is best known as one of the experts on the BBC's "Antiques Roadshow". However, his first television appearance was in the early 1960s when he, and his brother, Roger Munn, featured with their pet fox cubs on Johnny Morris's "Animal Magic". He was educated at Steyning Grammar School. Now Geoffrey is the managing director of London jewellers, Wartski where he has worked since the age of 19; his specialisation is 19th-century precious metalwork and Fabergé.
Wartski are jewellers by appointment to HM the Queen and HRH the Prince of Wales. The firm made the Welsh gold wedding rings for the Prince of Wales and Mrs.Camilla Parker Bowles, and Miss Catherine Middleton when she married HRH the Duke of Cambridge in 2011
Geoffrey Munn has a keen interest in every aspect of history and has made a collection of ancient flint tools which he has discovered in the Southwold area of Suffolk. Geoffrey has appeared in several television sequences of "mudlarking" in the Thames at Westminster. Munn is fascinated by both literature and art and has written a pictorial history of his home town entitled "Southwold, an Earthly Paradise". (Antique Collectors' Club 2006). He has written on the drawings of D G Rossetti and JMW Turner.
Munn has curated many exhibitions, including "Tiaras" at the Victoria and Albert Museum in 2002. He is a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries, the Linnean Society of London and The Royal Society of Arts. Geoffrey Munn is an Assistant at the Court of the Worshipful Company of Goldsmiths and a member of the Garrick Club, The Arts Club, the Chelsea Arts Club and the Sailor's Reading Room, Southwold.
Munn is the author of several books about jewellery including "Castellani and Giuliano: revivalist jewellers of the nineteenth century" (Office du Livre 1984), "Artist's Jewellery; Pre-Raphaelite to Arts and Crafts" with Charlotte Gere (Antique Collectors' Club 1989), "The Triumph of Love: jewellery 1530-1930" (Thames and Hudson 1993), "Tiaras: a history of splendour" (Antique Collectors' Club, 2003). Geoffrey has also written on the work of the contemporary Italian jeweller and goldsmith Giovanni Corvaja.
In 2007 Munn played himself in "Joe's Palace" a film by Stephen Poliakoff. In Who's Who he lists his recreations as mudlarking, metal detecting, Bonsai, running, cycling, cooking, museums and art galleries.
Munn is an Ambassador for the Samaritans and patron of the Lowestoft branch; he ran the Flora London Marathon for the charity in 2009 raising £80,000 in sponsorship. Munn is also an Ambassador for the charity Pancreatic Cancer UK and patron of both The Brain Tumour Charity and Sotterley Chapel Preservation Trust. He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to charity.
He lives in London and Reydon with his wife Caroline. They have two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="20381152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381152" title="IPA extensions">
IPA extensions

IPA Extensions may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20381156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381156" title="Cooper T56">
Cooper T56

The Cooper T56 represented the second series of Formula Junior cars offered by the Cooper Car Company. Although officially a 1961 model, the first T56 raced in 1960. In addition to the factory constructed cars, a number of kits were sold.
The T56 was replaced by the T59, the third edition of the Cooper Formula Junior offered in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="20381157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381157" title="1994 NECBL season">
1994 NECBL season

The 1994 NECBL season was the inaugural season of the New England Collegiate Baseball League, a wood bat collegiate summer baseball league operating in the northeastern United States region of New England. The league contained five franchises, all from the southern New England state of Connecticut: the Eastern Tides, Bristol Nighthwaks, Fairfield Stallions, Middletown Giants, and Waterbury White Sox.
The Eastern Tides were the league's inaugural champions, winning the best-of-five championship series three games to two over the Bristol Nighthawks. Bill Buscetto, a catcher from the University of New Haven, was the championship series Most Valuable Player.
Championship series.
Eastern wins championship, 3-2.

</doc>
<doc id="20381175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381175" title="Upper Toklat River Cabin No. 24">
Upper Toklat River Cabin No. 24

Upper Toklat Ranger Station No. 24, also known as the Upper Toklat River Cabin is a log shelter in the National Park Service Rustic style in Denali National Park. The cabin is now part of a network of shelters for patrolling park rangers throughout the park. It is a standard design by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs and was built in 1931. The cabin is one of five cabins originally built by the Alaska Road Commission to provide shelter to crews working on park roads. The Upper Toklat River cabin is centrally located and was a distribution point for supplies.

</doc>
<doc id="20381181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381181" title="À la vie, à la mort !">
À la vie, à la mort !

À la vie, à la mort ! is a 2002 double album recorded by French singer Johnny Hallyday. It was released on November 4, 2002 and achieved huge success in France and Belgium (Wallonia), where it topped the charts, and in Switzerland. It provided four top ten singles in France : "Marie" (#1), "Ne reviens pas" (#8), "L'Instinct" (#9) and "Je n'ai jamais pleuré" (#4). Many famous artists, such as Gérald De Palmas, Catherine Lara, Maxime Le Forestier, Patrick Bruel, Hugues Aufray, Stephan Eicher, Axel Bauer and Marc Lavoine, participated in the composition of the album.
Track listing.
Source : "Allmusic".

</doc>
<doc id="20381190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381190" title="Bhaiyaa">
Bhaiyaa

Bhaiyaa is Magahi language film released in 1965 directed by Phani Majumdar.
Synopsis.
Parmanand lives a poor lifestyle in a village along with his widowed stepmother, Maya, and her two children, a son, Murli, who is studying in a Bombay college, and daughter, Kamla. Parmanand is in love with beautiful Bindu and hopes to marry her someday. When Murli returns home after obtaining a degree in Arts, Parmanand notices that he loves Bindu, so he steps aside and permits him to marry her much to Maya's displeasure. Shortly after the marriage, Parmanand finds out that Murli has been spending a lot of time with Chandra, the daughter of Hariram Prasad. When he counsels Murli, he gets abused, and beats Murli up. Upset at this treatment, Murli and Bindu move out. Shortly thereafter Bindu gets pregnant much to Chandra's displeasure. Chandra confronts Bindu in a bid to make her hate her child and force her to abort while Murli files a claim in Court contesting his late father's Will as a forgery. Watch what impact this has on the rest of the family.

</doc>
<doc id="20381195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381195" title="Carlos Sayadyan">
Carlos Sayadyan

Carlos Sayadyan, born February 17, 1948 in Yerevan, Armenia, is an Armenian painter living in Armenia.
Education and Inspiration.
Childhood.
Carlos was only 13 when he was awarded the first prize at an exhibition dedicated to the 40th anniversary of Soviet Armenia while still attending H. Kojoyan’s Children’s Fine Arts School. After completing H.Kojoyan’s school (1959 to1964) he enrolled at the Terlemezian’s Fine Arts College where he displayed an exceptional talent and interest towards the portraiture of a woman with great success.
Art student.
After graduating from the college, Carlos was accepted into Yerevan’s State Institute of Theatrical and Fine Arts where he attended from 1968 to 1975. While a student at the state institute, he participated in several inter-republic exhibitions.
His working years at the Yerevan’s National Theatre of Opera and Ballet have been enriched with numerous new friendships with celebrities in the art world, who in turn have left a favorable influence on the development of the artist’s personality. Beginning from the children’s fine art school and continuing through the end of the university Carlos has gone through a vast educational growth based on scrupulous study of classical arts. However, the artist feels that he is still learning. The artist’s own intense search for own style between national/oriental flat surfaces and the western classical/3-dimensional paintings ended with the victory of the latter. The transition towards the classical method and its strengthening first appeared in the landscapes full of poetry and romantism. Starting in the early 80’s he had no second thoughts about his chosen path.
State and Professional artist.
From 1979 Carlos was a member of USSR Artists Union for which he had to have participated in at least 3 all-union and several inter-republic art exhibitions. His first individual show was in Romania, Bucharest where he was representing the Soviet Union. Along his landscapes, Carlos displayed different compositions and received an approval from the art critics for his excellent contributions to the field of arts. The media also welcomed him into the chain of international exhibitions. In 1990, Carlos’ individual exhibition was opened in Los Angeles with unprecedented success.
Inspiration.
The woman’s image and the plasticity of her body began to allure and dominate the artist’s canvases and his imagination. His style is deeply influenced by neo-classicism and from this comes his ethereal and non-saturated pallet. His main characters and the themes are expressions of the artist’s inner world, his worries and new searches. Each canvas unrolls itself as a stage where the artist invites the viewer to accompany him in the performance. He is greatly helped by the unprecedented and mystical light from somewhere within the canvas. The detailed background intensifies the illusion of depth. Non-vibrant from the first glance, the paintings demand some time from the viewer to discern the meanings. Once the veil has fallen to the side and the viewer has penetrated into the depth of the painting, he is unlikely to be willing to separate and lose the momentum of unexpected mysticism.
Carlos ‘individual exhibition in 1998 found its worthy place at the National Gallery of Armenia[http://www.gallery.am/] and marked a beginning of a new era in the creative life of the artist.
Exhibitions.
Personal Exhibitions<br> 
2004 - Sheraton Universal Hotel, Universal City USA
1996 - “Meridien Trainon Hall” UAE
1996 - “Pnevmatiku Kentro” Greece Athens
1993 - “Krunk” Art Gallery Yerevan Armenia
1990 - “Agbu” Art Gallery Los-Angeles USA
1988 - Bienale-Bulgaria Sofia
1988 - “Caminul Arte” Gallery Bucharest Romania
1985 - Exhibition-Simposium “Ussr-Czechoslovakia” Gurzuph Crimea
2007 - "Gabone Gallery" Yerevan, Armenia
2007 - "Design Shop" Glendale, CA, USA
2008 - "Mural Cultural Center" Paris, France
Group Exhibitions<br> 
1997 - “The Central House of Painters” Moscow
1997 - “Studio 22” Belgium Brussels
1993 - “Planet Earth #33 Inc” New York USA
1990 - “Nakhamkin” Gallery San-Francisco
1989 - “The Days of Armenia in Luxemburg” The Culture Center of Luxemburg
1987 - “The Days of Armenia in Sweden” The Culture Center of Sweden
1984 - “Ussr-Czechoslovakia” Moscow
1983 - “Armenian Colours-83” Los-Angeles-Toronto-Montréal
1982 - “Poland-Ussr” Poland
1981 - “Finland-Ussr” Finland
1980 - Tashkent Uzbekistan
Media.
Newspapers
Magazines

</doc>
<doc id="20381199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381199" title="Megalictis">
Megalictis

Megalictis ("Great weasel") is an extinct genus of large predatory mustelids, which existed in North America during the "cat gap" in the Miocene period.
The genus was first described by W. D. Matthew in 1907. Two similar genera discovered at the same time, "Aelurocyon" (Peterson, 1907) and "Paroligobunis" (Peterson, 1910) were identified as synonymous with "Megalictis" in 1996, though "Paroligobunis" was re-established as a separate genus in 1998. P. R. Bjork, in 1970, assigned the genus to the subfamily "Mellivorinae", whilst J. A. Baskin assigned it to "Oligobuninae" in 1998.
Three species have been identified in the genus: "M. frazieri", "M. ferox", and "M. petersoni", whilst two more, "M. brevifacies" and "M. simplicidens", have since been determined to be synonymous with "M. ferox".

</doc>
<doc id="20381218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381218" title="Hussain Butt">
Hussain Butt

Khaled Hussain Butt (born 7 August 1976) is a Pakistani-born cricketer who has played two One Day Internationals for Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="20381234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381234" title="Francis Joseph Campbell">
Francis Joseph Campbell

Sir Francis Joseph Campbell (October 9, 1832 – June 30, 1914) was an American anti-slavery campaigner, teacher and also the co-founder of the Royal National College for the Blind in the United Kingdom. 
He was born near Winchester, Tennessee, USA, and lost his sight at the age of five following an accident. A talented musician, he taught music and at the age of 16 was appointed music master at the Tennessee School for the Blind and later went on to become musical director at the Wisconsin School for the Blind. He also taught at the Perkins Institute for the Blind in Watertown, Massachusetts.
It was while he was teaching at Wisconsin that his anti-slavery views became publicly known and at one point he was given twenty four hours to renounce them or face being hanged. He refused but was spared death because of public sympathy for his blindness.
He would later become a frequent traveller between the United States and the United Kingdom and Europe, and in 1871 helped Thomas Armitage to establish "The Royal Normal College and Academy for the Blind" near Crystal Palace in London. It was during a visit to London after studying in Berlin that he called on Dr. Armitage with a letter of introduction and was invited to dinner. Over dinner, Campbell told his host about his plans to establish a training college for the blind in the United States, but Armitage urged him to make London its home. The college was founded with two students, and Campbell was its first principal. The college continues to the present day, and is now known as the Royal National College for the Blind.
Campbell was also the first blind person to climb Mont Blanc. In his later years he became a naturalised Briton and in 1909 was knighted as a Knight Bachelor by King Edward VII. He retired as principal of RNC in 1912 and was succeeded by his son, Guy Marshall Campbell.
Legacy.
The "Francis Joseph Campbell Award" is an annual award given by the American Library Association for any person who has made an outstanding contribution to the advancement of library services for the blind. It consists of a citation and a medal.

</doc>
<doc id="20381241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381241" title="Pietro Ferrero">
Pietro Ferrero

Pietro Ferrero (2 September 1898 – 2 March 1949) was the founder of Ferrero SpA, an Italian confectionery and chocolatier company. His company invented Nutella, a hazelnut-cream spread, which is now sold in over 75 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20381258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381258" title="Vladimir Karalić">
Vladimir Karalić

Vladimir Karalić (, born 22 March 1984 in Belgrade) is a Bosnian professional footballer who currently plays for First League of the Republika Srpska club Sloboda Mrkonjić Grad as a forward.
Karalić has represented Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team once in 2007.
Club career.
Sun Pegasus.
On 11 January 2013, Karalić joined Hong Kong First Division League club Sun Pegasus from Rudar Prijedor for an undisclosed fee. After the season ended, Karalić was released by Sun Pegasus.
International career.
Karalić has made one appearance for the full Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team, a friendly match against Poland on 15 December 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20381263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381263" title="Clayton Friend">
Clayton Friend

Clayton Ivan Friend is a New Zealander professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s playing at representative level for New Zealand, and at club level for Carlisle (twice), North Sydney Bears, and Whitehaven, as a , i.e. number 7.
Playing career.
A Manukau junior and Auckland representative, Friend played for Carlisle in 1982 and then enjoyed a long spell with North Sydney. Cut by the Bears in 1990, he joined the Ryde-Eastwood team and, along with Olsen Filipaina, helped lead them to a Grand Final win in the Metropolitan Cup. At the end of the season he moved to England and returned to Carlisle. After a stint at Whitehaven between 1992 and 1995, Friend returned home and played for the in the Lion Red Cup.
International career.
Friend toured with the 1985 Kiwis and the 1983 Maoris.

</doc>
<doc id="20381265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381265" title="Igloo Creek Cabin No. 25">
Igloo Creek Cabin No. 25

Igloo Creek Patrol Cabin No. 25 is a log shelter in the National Park Service Rustic style in Denali National Park. Originally built by the Alaska Road Commission, it was the site of a summer construction camp, and was used for supply storage. The cabin is now part of a network of shelters for patrolling park rangers throughout the park. It is a standard design by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs and was built in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="20381295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381295" title="Alfred Karamuço">
Alfred Karamuço

He was a member of the Constitutional Court of Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20381365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381365" title="Upper East Fork Cabin No. 29">
Upper East Fork Cabin No. 29

Upper East Fork Ranger Cabin No. 29, also known as the East Fork Cabin is a log shelter in the National Park Service Rustic style in Denali National Park. The cabin is part of a network of shelters for patrolling park rangers throughout the park. It is a standard design by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs and was built in 1929. It was built in 1929 by the Alaska Road Commission as a shelter for crews working on the trans-park road, one of four shelters built at ten-mile intervals along the road. The cabin was used by Adolph Murie as a base for his program of wolf observation in 1940 and 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="20381376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381376" title="Institute for Law and Finance">
Institute for Law and Finance

The Institute for Law and Finance (ILF) is a graduate school which was established as a non-profit foundation in 2002 by Goethe University Frankfurt am Main with the support of many prominent institutions. Leading commercial banks and international law firms, the Frankfurt Chamber of Commerce and Industry, the City of Frankfurt and the State of Hesse, as well as the European Central Bank and the Deutsche Bundesbank are actively involved in the ILF right from the planning stages until today. The ILF provides interdisciplinary training to lawyers, senior management and executives in Germany and worldwide and serves as a policy center in the legislative process by offering forums for discussions and exchanges between academia and practitioners. 
The ILF offers the LL.M Finance Degree Program, Spring School on "Corporate Law in Practice" and Summer School on "Law of Banking and Capital Markets.
The Executive Director of the ILF is Andreas Cahn, Dresdner Bank Foundation Professorship, Goethe University Frankfurt am Main. Theodor Baums, DekaBank/Helaba Foundation Professorship, Professor of Civil, Business & Banking Law, ILF, Goethe University Frankfurt am Main and Manfred Wandt, Dean of the Law Faculty, Goethe University Frankfurt am Main are directors of the ILF.
Martin Blessing, Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors of the Commerzbank chairs the ILF Board of Trustees.
LL.M. Finance Program.
The ILF at Goethe University in Frankfurt am Main offers a unique one-year postgraduate program leading to a LL.M. in Finance (LL.M. Finance) for graduate students with a Bachelor's degree in law, business, or economics. German is not a requirement for admission since all courses are conducted in English. Goethe-University in Frankfurt am Main is one of Germany’s most prominent higher education institutions.
About 50 highly qualified graduates will be admitted for study. The program is aimed at students with a prior degree in law or business/economics and who have an interest in combining theoretical knowledge with practical training in law and international finance. Previous professional experience is not a requirement, but would be an advantage. The emphasis is on international diversity, with over 20 different countries represented among the students. The program builds on the role of Frankfurt am Main as a leading banking, central banking and financial center of the European Union.
The curriculum is interdisciplinary covering all aspects of international financial law with emphasis on the EU and the US, along with parallel developments in the field of international finance. Among the courses from which the students can choose are Law of Corporate Finance, Capital Markets and Securities Law, Financial Intermediation and Risk Management, Financial Markets and Institutions, Corporate Taxation as well as Effective Negotiations. Additionally, the program features a comprehensive variety of courses in Insurance Law and Risk Management as well as Law of Investment Banking and Project Finance.
Since 2008, together with the Universities of Deusto, Tilburg, and Strasbourg, the ILF also offers the Erasmus Mundus „Master in Transnational Trade Law and Finance“, a Master’s program which has received the approval of the European Union.
ILF students are fully enrolled members of Goethe University Frankfurt am Main, which confers the LL.M. Finance degree.
Internships.
The LL.M. Finance program incorporates a special two-month internship with public and private institutions which support the ILF. These institutions typically include leading international law firms, banks, international accounting firms, the European Central Bank, Deutsche Bundesbank, BaFin and others. The ILF internship program offers a valuable opportunity to acquire relevant working experience and to create a network of professional contacts.
International Student Exchange Programs.
The ILF maintains student exchange programs with Columbia Law School, Aarhus School of Business, and Amsterdam Business School.
Spring and Summer Schools.
Every year, the ILF also offers 2-week summer and spring schools. Experts from law firms and banks from the list of ILF’s sponsors provide an intensive insight into the practical issues involved in corporate law as well as the law of banking and capital markets to about 40 pre-selected legal trainees. The spring and summer schools are held in the German language.
Faculty.
The ILF faculty consists of both leading academics as well as experienced practitioners from Europe’s financial world, leading international law firms and the European Central Bank, the Deutsche Bundesbank(German Central Bank) and BaFin (German Financial Supervisory Authority).
Governing Boards.
The governing boards of the ILF are the Executive Board, Board of Trustees, Academic Advisory Board and the Donors´Committee.
Location.
The ILF is located in the House of Finance at Campus Westend of the Goethe-University Frankfurt am Main, which offers the most modern equipment and facilities and state of the art technology for the use of its students during their studies at the ILF. About 150 researchers with special interests in various aspects of finance coming from several academic research and training units are working together. As a result, our students have increased contact and network opportunities available due to the presence of researchers and experts working in the field of law and finance at the House of Finance.
The House of Finance combines the university's interdisciplinary research on finance, monetary economics, and corporate and financial law under one roof. The institutions housed in the House of Finance pursue the common goal of strengthening research and teaching in the realm of finance.
The Departments of Finance and Money and Macroeconomics of the Faculty of Economics and Business Administration, and the Unit Law and Finance of the Faculty of Law contribute to the academic reputation of the House of Finance as do the other well-established institutions of the university – the Center for Financial Studies (CFS), the Institute for Law and Finance (ILF), the E-Finance Lab (EFL), the Institute for Monetary and Financial Stability (IMFS) and the Goethe Business School (GBS). The Frankfurt MathFinance Institute (FMFI) is attached to the Faculty of Computer Sciences and Mathematics and associated to the House of Finance through an outlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20381378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381378" title="Blessed Unrest (album)">
Blessed Unrest (album)

Blessed Unrest is the first album by Perth band The Holy Sea.
The album was recorded in 1999 at Jewell Studios in Perth by Tim Jewell and was released in 2000. 
The cover art was designed by Girish Sagaram. 
The album was critically well received in Perth, with The West Australian noting: 

</doc>
<doc id="20381381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381381" title="Fellagha">
Fellagha

The Fellagha, an Arabic word literally meaning "bandit", but also comes from "fellah" or farmer, and "fallaq" or blow up, refers to groups of armed militants affiliated with anti-colonial movements in French North Africa. It most often is used to refer to armed Algerian nationalists who adopted violent means in order to push the French out of Algeria as well as those same fighters in Tunisia or those who did the same. They were particularly important during the Algerian War (1954–1962) led by the National Liberation Front.

</doc>
<doc id="20381386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381386" title="Juan López Pacheco, Duke of Escalona">
Juan López Pacheco, Duke of Escalona

Don Juan Pablo Francisco López Pacheco y Moscoso Acuña Manrique Silva Girón y Portocarrero, Grandee of Spain, Duke of Escalona and Lord of Garganta la Olla (Madrid, 22 March, 1716 – Madrid 27 April, 1751). Member of the Royal Spanish Academy since 10th June 1738, aged 22, becoming the 4th Director of the Royal Spanish Academy in 1746. was promoted to Grandee of Spain, 18th September 1750. Lieutenant General of the Spanish Royal Army, member of the Order of Santiago with several titles of Marquis and Count.
He married on 10 November 1748, aged 36, with Maria Lopez Pacheco de Toledo y Portugal, (Madrid, 22 August 1729 - Madrid, 28 November 1768), 11th Countess of Oropesa, 10th Countess of Alcaudete and many other titles. 
He was the son of a second marriage of Mercurio Antonio López Pacheco y Benavides.

</doc>
<doc id="20381387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381387" title="The Sienese Shredder">
The Sienese Shredder

The Sienese Shredder was an annual journal of art, literature, design, poetry and music that was been published between 2006 and 2010. In addition to written and visual content each issue contains an audio CD.
History.
"The Sienese Shredder" was launched in 2006 by New York City-based artists Brice Brown and Trevor Winkfield. They sought to bring attention to artists, art, poetry and writing that had been largely neglected or forgotten. Often this work was completed in the 19th and early 20th centuries. Mark Shortliffe took over as co-editor in 2009 for issue 4.
Each issue brings together poetry, critical writing, visual arts, unpublished rarities, oddball ephemera and other culturally significant material in a way that is exciting, contemporary and fresh. Contents can include writings by visual artists; art by writers; poets as installation artists; photographers as poets, and the range of contributors moves from the well-known and up-and-coming to the unknown or forgotten.
As an archival project, each issue of The Sienese Shredder comes with a CD recording of a well-known poet reading or a musician presenting a retrospective sampling their work. #1 contained an audio CD of poet Harry Mathews reading selected poems he had written between 1955 and 2005. #2 contained an audio CD of poet Charles North reading selected poems he had written between 1970 and 2005. #3 contains an audio CD of music made between 1991 and 2004 by Eric Moe.

</doc>
<doc id="20381396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381396" title="Spdfgh">
Spdfgh

Spdfgh ( were an Australian all-female rock band from the 1990s. The founding members were: Kim Bowers (as Wikky Malone) (guitar, vocals), Liz Payne (as Rosy Glo, Lou Marvel, Belle) (guitar, vocals), Tania Bowers (as Tania May) (bass guitar, vocals) , Melanie Thurgar (as Finnius) (drums).
and Angela Morosin, vocals. 
In chemistry, the letters (spdfgh...) are used when determining the number of electrons in the shells of an atom (the letters denote the first six states of orbital angular momentum in atomic physics). "TV Week" magazine called it "the dumbest name in Australian rock". 
The band name came about this way: Liz Payne's brother Geoff and friend Paul Hillard were studying for their Higher School Certificate physics exams, and recited "spdfgh" to aid recall of this topic. Soon this became the title of a song (written by Hillard, Geoff Payne and Crowe) for Geoff's band Wilson Tuckey Goes To Hobart. Liz also wrote songs for Wilson Tuckey Goes To Hobart, as did Mel Thurgar, and both performed with WTGTH in the early to mid 90s. Kim and Tania Bowers also featured briefly in WTGTH before all the girls decided to pursue spdfgh only. 
The original members got started playing together at St. Patrick's College (Campbelltown, south-west of Sydney). A very early gig was the St Patrick's School disco and featured the unreleased "Help! Help! It's a dance party!" The band and Morosin parted company soon after high school. 
In their early days to get noticed they would travel to Sydney, sneak into sound checks of bands they liked and just start playing. Payne left after the group had recorded, "Leave Me Like This" and Sally Russell (later known as New Buffalo, Sally Seltmann) briefly replaced her on guitar in mid-1995. Russell, still a member of power pop group Lustre 4, had co-written the track, "You Made Me" with Tania (later known as Via Tania) for that album. Russell continued her work with Lustre 4 and was replaced in Spdfgh by Christina Hannaford by the time the album was issued.
The band had songs included on the soundtracks of the films Love and Other Catastrophes and The Well.
Since breaking up, the members have pursued new projects.

</doc>
<doc id="20381403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381403" title="Edward T. Foote II">
Edward T. Foote II

Edward Thaddeus "Tad" Foote II (born December 15, 1937) served as the fourth president of the University of Miami from 1981 through 2001.
A graduate of John Burroughs School in St. Louis, Missouri, Yale University, and Georgetown University Law Center. Foote served as dean of the law school at Washington University in St. Louis from 1973 to 1980.
Foote was appointed University of Miami president in March 1981. He was followed in this position by Donna Shalala, who served as Secretary of Health and Human Services under President Bill Clinton.
During his tenure, undergraduate admissions and academic standards were raised, top faculty recruited, and major private and government funding secured for research and permanent facilities. The increase in the University's local, national and international profile paralleled the rise of Miami as the so-called "Capital of the Americas."
The University of Miami established the Foote Fellowships in honor of the University's fourth president.

</doc>
<doc id="20381423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381423" title="Xhezair Zaganjori">
Xhezair Zaganjori

Presidential election.
Xhezair Zaganjori, a member of the Constitutional Court has been named by the governing coalition as their compromise candidate for the post of president. As the Socialist Party rejected Zaganjori, the election is likely to be successful in the fourth (of five) round of voting, as only then a simply majority is sufficient. As expected, the first round of voting on 30 May 2012 failed without a vote. So, the name introduced by allies within the government, Xhezair Zaganjori, was not at all introduced in the voting because, after the first three rounds determine the minimum of 84 votes to elect him.
The Speaker of Parliament, Jozefina Topalli, stated that the Conference of Chairman, will meet to determine a second date for a second round of presidential elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20381438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381438" title="Irfan Ahmed">
Irfan Ahmed

Irfan Ahmed (born 27 February 1989) is a Pakistani-born international cricketer who has played two One Day Internationals for Hong Kong. A right-handed batsman and right-arm fast-medium bowler, he was named Hong Kong's cricketer of the year in summer 2008–09.

</doc>
<doc id="20381446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381446" title="Black Legions Metal">
Black Legions Metal

Black Legions Metal is a split album by Vlad Tepes and Torgeist, two French black metal bands belonging to the "Black Legions" circle. It follows the earlier split album "March to the Black Holocaust", and features mostly the same personnel, as the Torgeist line-up includes both Aäkon Këëtrëh and Vordb from Belketre.

</doc>
<doc id="20381502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381502" title="Munir Dar (cricketer)">
Munir Dar (cricketer)

Munir Ahmed Dar (born 12 April 1974) is a Pakistani-born cricketer who has played two One Day Internationals for Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="20381510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381510" title="Mayhew Beckwith">
Mayhew Beckwith

Mayhew Beckwith (October 14, 1798 – April 7, 1871) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Cornwallis in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1841 to 1851.
He was born in Cornwallis, Nova Scotia, the son of Handley Beckwith and Catherine Newcomb. He married Eunice Rand in 1829. Beckwith served on the board of governors for Acadia College

</doc>
<doc id="20381516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381516" title="1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 7)">
1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 7)

The four teams in this group played against each other on a home-and-away basis. The winner Soviet Union qualified for the eighth FIFA World Cup held in England.
Team stats.
Head coach: Nikolai Morozov

Head coach: Dave Bowen
Head coach: Lakis Petropoulos

Head coach: Poul Petersen

</doc>
<doc id="20381533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381533" title="Lyron Cobbins">
Lyron Cobbins

Lyron Duryea Cobbins (born September 17, 1974 in Kansas City, Kansas) is a former professional American football linebacker. After going to Wyandotte High School, Cobbins attended the University of Notre Dame, and in his senior year was named Third-Team All American. Cobbins made his professional debut in the National Football League in 1997 with the Arizona Cardinals. He played for the Arizona Cardinals for his entire one-year career.

</doc>
<doc id="20381550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381550" title="SS Ypiranga">
SS Ypiranga

The S.S. "Ypiranga" was a German-registered cargo-steamer owned and operated by Hamburg-America Line (now Hapag-Lloyd AG) shipping company. It was built in 1908 by Germania Werft and is 448.4’ x 55.3’, with a maximum gross burden of 8,142 tonnes. After launching, the Ypiranga was found to be notoriously unsteady at sea. This was remedied by installing two water tanks near the fore and after masts on the upper deck, connected by a flying bridge. The flow of water between the tanks, controlled by regulating the movement of the air in the side branches, served to steady the ship in rough water, and she gained the reputation of being particularly steady after installation. Her sister ship "Corcovada" was similarly outfitted.
In September 1910, "Ypiranga" carried the German crews from the battleships and back from the Ottoman Empire, after both ships had been sold to the Ottoman Navy.
The Ypiranga’s 26th voyage in April 1914 was its most notable; from Hamburg to the Mexican port of Veracruz, where it was fined by the U.S. for delivering arms and ammunition to the government of Victoriano Huerta in an event coined the "Ypiranga Incident".
The ousted Mexican dictator Porfirio Díaz, accompanied by his family, boarded the Ypiranga at the docks of Veacruz, on Wednesday, May 31, 1911, toward Europe. He was exiled in France.
The Ypiranga served until 1919 when it was ceded to Britain as war reparations and placed under White Line Management. In 1921 Anchor Line assumed control of the ship and renamed it the "Assyria"; it was used in their Bombay run. A Portuguese company purchased the ship in 1929 and renamed it the "Colonial" for use in their Lisbon-Mozambique/Angola run. In 1950 there were plans to scrap the ship, however, during the trip it broke free of its tug and wrecked near Campbeltown.

</doc>
<doc id="20381554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381554" title="Valparaíso de Arriba">
Valparaíso de Arriba

Valparaíso de Arriba is a town in the municipality of Campos del Paraíso (Paradise Fields), with a population of 47. It is located in the area called Mancha Alta y Sierra Media, in Cuenca Province, part of the community of Castilla-La Mancha in Spain.
The town is the birthplace of Juan de Saavedra, founder of Valparaiso in Chile. De Saavedra's remains are buried in the Santa Ana Chapel, inside the Church of Saint Michael the Archangel.

</doc>
<doc id="20381569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381569" title="Skhawat Ali">
Skhawat Ali

Skhawat Ali (born 5 May 1985) is a cricketer who has played two One Day Internationals for Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="20381575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381575" title="A Beginner's Guide to the Sea">
A Beginner's Guide to the Sea

"A Beginner's Guide to the Sea" is the second album from Melbourne-based band The Holy Sea.
The album was recorded at Atlantis Sound in Port Melbourne by David McCluney and was released in 2008.
The album featured the singles Paddy, There’s Got to Be One More Bar Open and Ghost Town.
The album artwork was designed by Perth based comic artist Edward J. Grug III.

</doc>
<doc id="20381595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381595" title="Hermann, Prince of Hohenzollern-Hechingen">
Hermann, Prince of Hohenzollern-Hechingen

Hermann Friedrich Otto (* 30 July 1751 in Lockenhaus, Burgenland, Austria; † 2 November 1810 in Hechingen) was the ruling Prince of Hohenzollern-Hechingen from 1798 until 1810.
Life.
Prince Hermann Friedrich Otto was entrusted with the welfare of his land, when he came to power in April 1798. He was raised in Belgium, where his father, Prince Franz Xaver of Hohenzollern-Hechingen (1719–1765), was an imperial officer. From his mother, Princess Anna Maria of Hoensbroech-Geulle ( 8 May 1729 – 26 September 1798), Prince Hermann inherited his Dutch holdings. From his second wife, Princess Maximiliane of Gavre, Marquise d'Aysseau, he inherited one billion Francs.
His first spouse, Countess Louise of Merode-Westerloo, died after only one year of marriage. In 1779, Prince Hermann married his third wife, the Princess Maria Antonia of Waldburg-Zeil-Wurzach.
After the transfer of the left bank of the Rhein to France as part of war reparations, he tried to find money for the beautification of Hechingen and the improvement of roads. All of his activities served to increase the fortune of his House.
Prince Hermann was an Imperial-Field Marshal General and a Prussian Lieutenant General. The situation of the princedom between the time of the Second Congress of Rastatt and the end of the Empire, the Prince's debut was actually quite relaxed. Soon after his ascension to power, he held peace talks with the local land holders, and came to a mutual agreement June, 1795 in Hechingen with the local land holders. He then disbanded, "the daily joyful homage festivals from a couple of free movements of all subjects of bondage. The village of Bisingen missed out on this because it would not enter into the agreement. In addition the village would not pay homage" (since that time the Bisingers carry the nickname "Nichthuldiger“ meaning those who don’t pay homage.) The prince confined his hunts to three of his lands, outside of these lands, animals could be hunted by the peasants. The lands not within set borders were parceled out or sold. The serfdom, as far as legal dependents protected by the prince was concerned, was abolished. This weighed heavily upon them, however. The monarchy was appointed five percent of the estate.
The subjects obtained the right, in to appoint representatives by general election. These representatives would have the right to control taxes and the right to make to represent the common people. The prince gave Jews, upon the suggestion of his Jewish adviser, Jakob Kaulla ("see also Karoline Kaulla") permission to reside in his princedom for forty years in exchange for remuneration to the high chamber. The prince succeeded in the settlement of the conflicts with his subjects within a few short weeks.
Prince Hermann was not generally a man of compromise, he was a bizarre personality, his nature was suspicious and that of a micro-manager; He concerned himself with the external details of administration. He loved, according to the prevailing taste of the time, being alone in nature, particularly in his hunting lodge at Friedrichsthal. He was a businesslike, vigilant patriarch who managed to enjoy one last high point of princely absolutism. The Confederation of the RhineActs rescued the independent existence of the Hechinger Princes, however he was in no way given an extension of power, neither based on landowner nor on rights of sovereignty.He perceived this as an affront and as discrimination against his, the eldest line of his House. Deeply afflicted by the humiliation of Prussia and Austria, Prince Hermann Friedrich Otto died on 2 November 1810 .
Marriages and issue.
Prince Hermann Friedrich Otto was married three times. On 18 November 1773 he married Countess Louise of Merode-Westerloo
(* 28 September 1747; † 14 November 1774), the daughter of Jean Guillaume von Merode-Westerloo (1722–1763). He had one daughter with her:
On 15 February 1775 he married Princess Maximiliane of Gavre (* 30 March 1753; † 6 August 1778) his second marriage. The couple had one son:
His third wife became the Princess Maria Antonia of Waldburg-Zeil-Wurzach on 26 July 1779 (* 6 June 1753; † 25 October 1814). The couple bore the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="20381600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381600" title="Armour Boulevard">
Armour Boulevard

Armour Boulevard, Armour, or 35th Street is a major west-east main street that runs in Kansas City, Missouri, USA, from Broadway Boulevard to The Paseo. It is named in honor of Simeon B. Armour of Armour and Company.
History.
In 1896 plans were presented to the Board of Parks Commissioners for a boulevard along Thirty-fifth Street, from Holmes Street to Lydia Avenue (now The Paseo). The park board acquired the land in 1899. In 1900 the park board named the new boulevard for Simeon B. Armour, a member of the first official park board and the head of the Kansas City branch of the Armour Meat Packing Industry. Landscape architect George Kessler designed Armour Boulevard according to the standard 100-foot right-of-way proposed in the first Board of Park Commissioners report of 1893. Grading and paving occurred during 1900-01. In 1928 Armour Boulevard was widened and the curbside row of trees was removed; during the next year the roadway was repaved with asphaltic concrete. 
Simeon Armour was a powerful supporter of Kansas City's new Parks and Boulevard System and he held a position on the Park Board from 1892–1901.
The monumental character of West Armour Boulevard was established by thirteen colonnaded apartment blocks designed by John McKecknie. 

</doc>
<doc id="20381653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381653" title="Mónica Sánchez">
Mónica Sánchez

Mónica Mariel Sánchez (born. February 27, 1970) is a Peruvian actress. She was born in Lima.

</doc>
<doc id="20381664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381664" title="Zain Abbas">
Zain Abbas

Zain Abbas (born 16 April 1986) is a Pakistani-born cricketer who has played one One Day International for Hong Kong.
He is currently playing for Ticknall CC in the Derbyshire County League Division 1 after joining from Aston-on-trent where he was the 3rd leading wicket taker in the Derbyshire Premier League with 44 wickets in 2009.
His recent return to Aston-on-trent proved a profitable one for himself and Ticknall CC with figures of 6-77 and 75 with the bat.

</doc>
<doc id="20381740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381740" title="Bremner Historic Mining District">
Bremner Historic Mining District

The Bremner Historic Mining District is a mining camp in Wrangell-St. Elias National Park and Preserve in Alaska. It is named after John Bremner, who in 1884-1885 was the first non-native person to live in the area and who prospected for gold along the Bremner River. Located just to the north of the Bremner River, it was the scene of an important placer gold discovery in 1902, and played a key role in the history of the Copper River Basin. Only a few miners struck it rich, but the resulting demand for materials and supplies helped establish regional transportation networks, encouraged supporting industries, and hastened the exploration and settlement of the entire region. While small-scale placer mining continued for over forty years, lode development was largely confined to the period between 1934 and 1941, the district's most significant era.
The Bremner Historic Mining District embodies its period of twentieth-century mining, illustrating both its mining process and its evolutionary sequence. Unusually complete, it retains virtually all of its historic components, including an important placer site, a camp, four discrete lode mines, a mill, and an associated transportation network.
The Golconda Mining Company site, which contains a campsite, an elaborate ditch, and extensive piles of hand-stacked cobble, provides an example of an early placer mining system. The Goldconda complex includes two airstrips dating to the 1930s.
The Yellow Band mining camp is one of the region’s most complete, not only containing the typical housing and office facilities, but a sophisticated hydroelectric system. This camp is also significant for its association with Asa C. Baldwin, a distinguished regional explorer, surveyor, and mining engineer. While working for the U.S. Geodetic Survey, Baldwin completed the first American marine survey of Kodiak and the Aleutian Islands in 1909. From 1910-13, he served as a field officer with the U.S.-Canadian International Boundary Survey. Over the years, Baldwin worked locally as a consulting engineer, where, among other activities, he advised the Kennecott Copper Company and the Copper River and Northwestern Railway. Baldwin began prospecting in the Bremner District in the early 1930s, and from 1936 to 1940, was president of the Yellow Band Mining Company. He acquired the Bremner Gold Mining Company holdings in 1939.
Lucky Girl, Grand Prize, Sheriff, and Yellow Band Mines are examples of remote underground mining operations. With each containing a variety of buildings and structures. While Lucky Girl mill is now ruinous due to repeated avalanche strikes, its operating machinery remains intact and in most cases in situ.
In addition to Baldwin, the Bremner district is associated with aviator Merle "Mudhole" Smith, who started flying supplies for the Cordova Air Service in the 1930s, and who became stuck on the upper Golconda strip. Smith operated Cordova Air Service until 1968, when it merged with Alaska Airlines.

</doc>
<doc id="20381743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381743" title="Adrian Ponce">
Adrian Ponce

Adrian Ponce (born March 12, 1971 in Berlin, Germany) is the Deputy Section Manager for the Planetary Science and Life Detection Section at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and is also a visiting faculty member at Caltech. he received a BS in Chemistry from Michigan State University, and then went on to obtain a PhD in Chemistry from Caltech in 2000.
Research.
The Ponce Group is an interdisciplinary team composed of members from both the California Institute of Technology and the NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory that integrates microbiology, chemistry, biophotonics, and engineering principles to develop chemical and biological detection schemes and corresponding analytical instrumentation.

</doc>
<doc id="20381757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381757" title="Battle of Philippeville">
Battle of Philippeville

The Battle of Philippeville was part of the Algerian War between France and Algerian rebels, primarily the National Liberation Front ("FLN") The battle took place on August 20, 1955 and centered on the Algerian town of Philippeville, though the FLN also made attacks on surrounding areas.
Prelude.
The Algerian War had begun on November 1, 1954 when the first major attack of the FLN was launched, consisting of "scores of scores of spectacular attacks." The conflict began to escalate, as evidenced by the remarks of then-Minister of the Interior, François Mitterrand: "I will not agree to negotiate with the enemies of the homeland. The only negotiation is war!" The French adopted an increasingly aggressive policy in Algeria, and in early March 1955, the French government of Prime Minister Pierre Mendes-France was replaced by that of Edgar Faure.
To help combat the insurgency, Paul Aussaresses was dispatched to restart the intelligence unit from scratch, which had been disbanded during peacetime. Aussaresses set up the unit and started to collect intelligence and establish a network of informants and field agents.
The battle.
Aussaresses was surprised by a set of attacks the FLN launched on June 18, 1955, which his intelligence unit had not heard anything about beforehand. After this, a more proactive policy was adopted, which resulted in the discovery of the FLN's plan to launch a massive frontal assault on August 20 at noon, with the primary objective of taking Philippeville. The FLN was not powerful enough to capture a large city, such as the capital at Algiers, but Philippeville was a mid-sized town and an important port city.
In the days before the attack, FLN commandos took up positions in cellars within the town, while several thousand more "fellagha" prepared to attack the French forces in Philippeville, which numbered about 400. The French quietly prepared for the anticipated attack, not even acting against the commandos who they knew were there, for fear that the FLN would realize the French had discovered their plan.
Action first broke out during the hour before attack, when the deputy police commissioner in charge of public safety, Superintendent Filiberti, took four men outside of town to make an unrelated arrest. The four men were pinned down by about 500 "fellagha", but eventually able to fall back around a half hour before the attack began. The main attack began around noon, and the "fellagha", under the influence of narcotics, attacked without any regard to their safety. They did not expect the French to see the attack coming, and were surprised when the French had set up positions to defend the city, as well as defend against the commandos which emerged from the cellars. There were 134 "fellagha" killed in the streets of Philippeville, and several hundred more wounded; the French citizens killed were 71 and the FLN also killed 52 Muslims, many of whom were prominent politicians.
While the main assault was going on, there were also side actions in the countryside around Constantine. One was an attack on El-Halia, a sulphur-mining community where 130 Europeans had lived with about 2,000 Algerian Muslims in peace. The Muslims were encouraged to rise up against the Europeans after the FLN told them there would be no risk, because Egyptian and American troops were landing that day to expel the French from Algeria. Shortly before noon on 20 August four groups of fifteen to twenty FLN commandos each, accompanied by local Muslims went from house to house in the European quarter of the village. Thirty-seven European civilians were killed, including ten children. A further thirteen were left for dead. Babies were chopped into pieces and smashed against walls, while women were raped, disemboweled and decapitated. The men were off working in the mines when the "fellagha" attacked and some were dragged from their cars and killed as they returned home for their midday meal. Only six families who barricaded themselves in a single house with sporting weapons escaped unscathed. Weapons at the mine were locked up because the person in charge of the key had gone to the beach. 
Three hours later, French paratroops from Philippeville arrived in El-Halia supported by military aircraft. Initially ordered to take no prisoners, the paratroops subsequently gathered about 150 Muslims together and the next morning carried out a mass execution of them.
The effect of the killings by both sides in Philippville, El-Halia and elsewhere was to destroy any hope of inter-communal reconciliation. The French administration allowed pied-noir settlers to arm themselves and form self-defense units, measures which had been vetoed by the reformist governor-general Jacques Soustelle a few months earlier.Visiting Philippeville Soustelle recorded that now "the Europeans saw terrorists in every Muslim, the Muslims feared reprisals by the Europeans.". European vigilante groups are reported to have subsequently carried out summary killings of Muslims.
Death toll.
The French authorities stated that seventy-one Europeans and fifty-two Muslims were killed by the FLN-led mob on 20 August while 1,273 Muslims died in what Soustelle admitted were "severe" reprisals. The FLN subsequently claimed that 12,000 Muslims were killed

</doc>
<doc id="20381787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381787" title="Aman Ali (cricketer)">
Aman Ali (cricketer)

Mohammad Aman Ali (born 29 September 1989) is a cricketer who has played one One Day International for the United Arab Emirates.

</doc>
<doc id="20381806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381806" title="TV Patrol Caraga">
TV Patrol Caraga

TV Patrol Caraga (formerly "TV Patrol Butuan") is the flagship local news program broadcast of the ABS-CBN Regional Network Group in Butuan City. 
It has been the most watched and most trusted news program in Butuan and Agusan del Norte. The newscast is a tabloid-style format, delivering news headlines about the current events in the entire Caraga region.
It is aired live daily from ABS-CBN Broadcast Center TV-11 in Butuan City at 5:00 PM, from Monday to Friday. It is also simulcast on ABS-CBN TV-12 Surigao and TV-26 Tandag. It is also shown abroad through ABS-CBN Now and The Filipino Channel.
The program launched as "TV Patrol Butuan", aired first on July 5, 1999. It was first anchored by Andy Rara and Michiko Makinano then later with Trinidad Ladringan-Velasco. It is currently presented by Charmane Awitan.
In 2011 TV Patrol Caraga celebrated its 12th year anniversary and revealed their new news banner format on TV. On July 8, 2013, TV Patrol Caraga celebrated its 14th anniversary, and updated its graphics, and video and audio packages.

</doc>
<doc id="20381810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381810" title="Avsim.com">
Avsim.com

AVSIM.com is a flight simulation review and resource website that focuses heavily on Microsoft Flight Simulator. It is one of the main flight simulation websites along with Flightsim.com and provides users access to information and addons for the flight simulator series of games. On May 12, 2009 the website was attacked by a hacker which resulted in a catastrophic loss of data. AVSIM was able to fully recover from the hack with the help of world class IT support from around the world.
Popularity.
The website is popular within the video game genre of flight simulation. Commentators within the flight simulation and aviation community identify the site as a key website within the genre, along with the similar website Flightsim.com. The Alexa traffic website lists Avsim.com as the highest rating flight simulation website on its network, which Avsim.com claim makes them the most visited flight simulation website on the internet.
History.
The publisher of Avsim.com, Tom Allensworth, had operated a Bulletin Board System from 1983 until approximately the fall of 1995. Initially named CAPENET because it was located in Cape Cod (a peninsula of Massachusetts) during the early 1980s, it was renamed The Vine (The Virginia Information and Network Exchange) when moved to central Virginia in 1987. These early forays into BBS systems, combined with an early exposure to aviation through flight lessons in the early 1970s, as well as Bruce Artwick's Flight Simulator 1.0, brought about the concept of developing an aviation themed website in the closing months of 1996.
The initial concept for AVSIM was the provision of articles and capture images of the flight simulation genre, collated into HTML format as a monthly magazine and packaged into a zip file. This was then made available for download among the major library servers on the Internet, including the file library system run and maintained at the Indiana University of Pennsylvania, which was becoming one of the first major file libraries for flight simulation. The first issue was uploaded to the university and elsewhere on 1 March 1997. With the growth of the flight simulation community, the magazine moved into a continuously updated website in April 1997. The site began listing news items from the flight simulation industry in 1999, and has been doing so ever since.
Hacking case.
On May 12, 2009, AVSIM was attacked by a hacker, resulting in a catastrophic loss of data of the website. Tom Allensworth, CEO and Publisher of AVSIM, explained that the site used two servers to back-up the site's data, but that the hacker deleted the content of both, destroying the ability to use one server to restore the data of the other. The site had not established an external backup system. After AVSIM went offline, Allensworth issued the following announcement: 
“We regret to inform the flight simulation community that on Tuesday, May 12, AVSIM was hacked and effectively destroyed. The method of the hack makes recovery difficult, if not impossible, to recover from. Both servers, that was the library / email and web site / forum servers were attacked. AVSIM is totally offline at this time and we expect to be so for some time to come. We are not able to predict when we will be back online, if we can come back at all. We will post more news as we are able to in the coming days and weeks….”
Nevertheless, the recovery process went quicker than most expected. Sections of the site began restoration on May 26, and as of May 28, most of the site has been recovered to its original form, but the file library and some links are still being repaired. The cost of the recovery of the site is about $25,000 to pay for new servers and experts who will recover the files. Most of that cost has been funded through Avsim's donation system and advertisers. Limited service was restored after Memorial Day, 2009. The file library was then tentatively scheduled for reactivation in the first week of June, 2009 following file investigation, debugging and recompilation.
A gradual recovery of the site took place over several days. The servers were replaced, the email addresses and forums were recovered on May 26, and the front page and other elements of the site on May 28. On the 28th it was also announced on the front page that approximately 90% of the file library would be recoverable, and that all Flight Simulator X and Flight Simulator 9 files were intact. The library was brought back online, with more than 95% of the original content, as of July 26.
On September 7 AVSIM filed a civil suit in Britain against the person who hacked the organization in May. The AVSIM website issued the following statement:
“Today, September 7th, 2009, AVSIM filed a criminal complaint with the Police Constabulary of London. We will not name any names, but have incontravertible evidence of the individual that performed the hack of AVSIM on May 12th this year. We have protected the forensic evidence and provided that evidence to the London police. We are committed to bringing justice to bear on this case...
hough we tried to resolve this over the last three months out of court, giving this person two opportunities to settle with us, the individual did not avail himself of the opportunity - in fact, he has ignored our proffers. We are now doing as we promised this person we would do; ratcheting this up to the next, criminal, level. To the extent that prudence allow, we will keep you informed of future developments.”
As of July 2011 AVSIM have still not updated its users on the situation and it appeared that the matter had been brushed under the carpet given the last few words of the above quote; then, in a retrospective blog post in June 2012, Tom Allensworth, the founder of AVSIM, explained that legal action was ultimately dropped, and that (apparently for unrelated reasons) the alleged hacker subsequently committed suicide.
Avsim Conference and Exhibition.
The website runs a regular conference and exhibition since 1999, most recently titled FANCON, focusing on aviation simulation to showcase flight simulation technology, software, and hardware. This conference has been supported by leading manufacturers and developers in the industry, including Microsoft. Previous conferences have been held each year at a different location from 2002 through to 2007, with the 2007 event held in Bellevue, Washington from November 9 to 11. The event featured sponsorship from a number of major industry organizations, such as NaturalPoint. The website decided not to have a 2008 convention due to the decaying economy and an anticipated reluctance to travel but has announced a social meeting to take place instead.
In 2009, AVSIM planned to hold the convention in Dayton, Ohio from September 4 until September 6, at the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. However, due to poor advance registrations, it was cancelled.
Services.
The main focus of the website is providing additional content that users can use within a Flight Simulator, such as aircraft in addition to default planes, scenery, modified airport files, additional AI (artificial intelligence) aircraft (Simulator-controlled air traffic) and programs which modify all of the above. Additionally, the website provides users with reviews of commercial content created for use with a flight simulator such as Microsoft Flight Simulator. Full commercial reviews are covered as news items listed on the websites main page. The website's forums are used as a focal point for discussion of reviews, news within the industry, as well as general industry topics.
Downloadable content.
The website manages files of various content including:
The downloads are available from a section of Avsim called the File Library, which requires free registration.
Much of this content is created by freeware developers and offered to the community without charge. Occasionally, payware commercial developers will release products free on the site to generate interest in their other products.

</doc>
<doc id="20381835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381835" title="Educational inequality">
Educational inequality

Educational inequality is the disparity that certain students experience in their education as compared to other students. The measures of educational success focus on grades, test scores, drop-out rates, college entrance numbers, and college completion rates. A variety of research links the inequality to socioeconomic, racial, and geographic reasons. This concept does not exist in the United States alone, but this article focuses on the educational inequality in America. Compared to other nations the United States invests the most in education, yet achieves lower levels of student performance than many countries that financially invest much less. The per-pupil spending has even increased in recent years but the academic achievement of students has remained stagnant.
It is important to acknowledge that educational inequality is greatly determined by economic, and thus racial, lines. In the United States, segregation is more than race because it is inseparable from socioeconomic status, residential location, and, more recently, by language. Skin color is linked to other forms of inequality, which is evident in education. Educational inequality between white students and minority students continues social and economic inequality Research reveals that there was a shrinking of inequality between racial groups from 1970-1988, but since then the gap has grown again.
Educational inequality has become one of the most important political and social issues in the United States. There have been numerous attempts at reforms and there continues to be more. With different causes that are deeply rooted in history, society, and culture, this inequality is difficult to eradicate.
Causes.
There are a variety of causes attributed to the existence of education equality in the United States. There is a focus on history, family background, and resources.
History.
The historical relationship in the United States between white and racial/ethnic minorities plays a role in the current educational inequality. The enslavement of African Americans removed the access to education for generations. Once the legal abolishment of slavery was enacted, racial stigma remained. Social, economic, and political barriers held blacks in a position of subordination. Freedmen’s schools existed but they focused on maintaining African Americans in servitude, not an enriching academic prosperity. The United States then experienced legal separation in schools between whites and blacks. Schools were supposed to receive equal resources but there was an undoubted inequality. It was not until 1968 that Black students in the South had universal secondary education.
Latinos and American Indians experienced similar educational repression in the past, which effects are evident now. Latinos have been systematically shut out of educational opportunities at all levels. Evidence suggests that Latinos have experienced this educational repression in the United States has far back as 1848. American Indians experienced the enforcement of missionary schools that emphasized the assimilation into white culture and society. Even after “successful” assimilation, those American Indians experienced discrimination in white society and often a rejection by their tribe. It created a group that could not truly benefit even if they gained an equal education.
American universities are separated into various classes, with a few institutions , such as the Ivy League schools, much more exclusive than the others. Among these exclusive institutions, educational inequality is extreme, with only 6% and 3% of their students coming from the bottom two income quintiles.
Family background.
Another crucial factor in determining educational inequality is the family background of students. There is a proven correlation between the academic success of parents with the academic success of their children. In Harvard’s “Civil Rights Project,” Lee and Orfield identify family background as the most influential factor in student achievement. Only 11% of children from the bottom fifth earn a college degree while 80% of the top fifth earn one. Linked with resources, white students tend to have more educated parents than students from minority families. This translates to a home-life that is more supportive of educational success. This often leads to them receiving more at-home help, have more books in their home, attend more libraries, and engage in more intellectually intensive conversations. Children, then, enter school at different levels. Poor students are behind in verbal memory, vocabulary, math and reading achievement, and have more behavior problems. This leads to their placement in different level classes that tracks them. These courses almost always demand less from their students, creating a group that is conditioned to lack educational drive. These courses are generally non-college bound and are taught by less qualified teachers.
Family background also influences cultural knowledge and perceptions. Middle class knowledge of norms and customs allows students with this background to better navigate the school system. Parents from this class and above also have social networks that prove to be more beneficial than networks based in lower classes. These connections may help students gain access to the right schools, activities, etc. Additionally, children from poorer families, who are often minorities, come from families that distrust institutions. America’s history of racism and discrimination has created a perceived and/or existent ceiling on opportunities for many poor and minority citizens. This ceiling muffles academic inspirations and muffles growth.
The recent and drastic increase of Latino immigrants has created another major factor in educational inequality. As more and more students come from families where English is not spoken at home, they often struggle with overcoming a language barrier in addition to simply learning subjects. They more frequently lack assistance at home because it is common for the parents to not understand the work that is in English.
Furthermore, research reveals summer months as crucial time for the educational development of children. Students from disadvantaged families experience greater losses in skills during summer vacation. Students from lower socioeconomic classes come disproportionately from single-parent homes and dangerous neighborhoods. 15% of white children are raised in single-parent homes and 10% of Asian children are. 27% of Latinos are raised in single-parent homes and 54% of African American children are. Less resources, less parent attention, and more stress all influence the performance of children in school.
Resources.
As mentioned in family background, access to resources play a hugely important role in educational inequality. In addition to the resources from family mentioned earlier, access to proper nutrition and health care influence the cognitive development of children. Children who come from poor families experience this inequality, which puts them at a disadvantage from the start. Not only important are resources students may or may not receive from family, but schools themselves vary greatly in the resources they give their students. On December 2, 2011, the U.S. Department of Education released that school districts are unevenly distributing funds, which are disproportionately underfunding low-income students. This is holding back money from the schools that are in great need. High poverty schools have less-qualified teachers with a much higher turnover rate. In every subject area, students in high poverty schools are more likely than other students to be taught by teachers without even a minor in their subject matter. Better resources allows for the reduction of classroom size, which research has proven improves test scores. It also increases the number of after school and summer programs—these are very beneficial to poor children because it not only combats the increased loss of skill over them summer but keeps them out of unsafe neighborhoods and combats the drop-out rate.
This lack of resources is directly linked to ethnicity and race. Black and Latino students are three times more likely than whites to be in high poverty schools and twelve times as likely to be in schools that almost everyone is poor. Also, only about half of teachers in schools that are composed of 90% or above of minorities meet state requirements to teach their subject. There is also a trend of funding increase as the number of white students increase in a school. From the family resources side, 10% of white children are raised in poverty, while 37% of Latino children are and 42% of African American children are. Research indicates that when resources are equal, Black students are more likely to continue their education into college than their white counterparts.
Inequality at birth.
Property tax dilemma.
In the United States, schools are funded by local property taxes. Because of this, the more affluent a neighborhood, the higher the funding for that school district. Although this situation seems favorable, the problem emerges when the equation is reversed. In neighborhoods inhabited by predominantly working and lower-class families, properties are less expensive, and so property taxes are much lower than those in affluent neighborhoods. Consequently, funding for the school districts to which working and lower class children are assigned is also significantly lower than the funding for the school districts to which children of affluent families are assigned. Thus, students in working and lower class schools do not receive the same quality of education and access to resources as do students from affluent families. The reality of the situation is that distribution of resources for schools is based on the socioeconomic status of the parents of the students. As a result, the U.S. educational system significantly aids in widening the gap between the rich and the poor. This gap has increased, rather than decreased, over the past few decades due in part to a lack of social mobility.
Wage gaps.
Wage gaps for paid work is one example of disadvantage and oppression based on gender. Although the differences are improving, issues still persist in the United States and across the globe.
Social mobility.
"Social mobility" refers to the movement in class status from one generation to another. It is related to the "rags to riches" notion that anyone, with hard work and determination, has the ability to move upward no matter what background they come from. Contrary to that notion, however, sociologists and economists have concluded that, although exceptions are heard of, social mobility has remained stagnant and even decreased over the past thirty years. Some of the decrease in social mobility may be explained by the stratified educational system. Since the educational system forces low-income families to place their children into less-than-ideal school systems, those children are typically not presented with the same opportunities and educational motivation as are students from well-off families, resulting in patterns of repeated intergenerational educational choices for parent and child, also known as decreased or stagnant social mobility.
Other factors.
Social immobility expresses itself in lower class children who follow in the same path as their parents, mainly not obtaining higher education. The result of such choices is that the poor remain poor and the rich go to college. Reasons for poor children opting to not pursue higher education range across a variety of different explanations. Lower class children have not grown up with the same expectations of life because these have not been instilled in them by their parents, or most importantly, by the educational system. The U.S. educational system fails its lower-income students by not providing them with the same access to resources and opportunities as it does to its more affluent students. Furthermore, several studies have shown that programs such as gifted education and tracking further manage to separate those with higher level skills from those with lower level skills, which often happens to be the rich from the poor. In fact, the vast majority of children in gifted student programs happen to be middle-class Caucasians. This is not to say that poor students are not as smart as rich students, but it does imply that they have not received the same opportunities in childhood to develop certain skills. Middle and upper class students grow up with parents who foster their intellectual and educational development by engaging in a child raising approach known as concerted cultivation. This approach values education and learning, and parents engaged in this form of parenting value visits to the museum, extracurricular activities, homework, tutoring, and reading to their children. Furthermore, middle and upper-class parents can afford to place their children in significantly better childcare centers before they enter grade school. As the Carolina Abecedarian Project found, these are essential elements in future educational and life successes.
Evidence for the unequal distribution of college students' socioeconomic status can be seen by examining college enrollment rates and demographics. One study examined the top 146 colleges in the U.S. and found that the average student representation on the colleges was the following: 75% of students came from socioeconomic backgrounds consistent with the richest 25% of the population. Less than 5% of students came from the poorest 25% of the population.
Importance of early educational intervention.
Some universities across the United States have sworn to aid their low-income students. The following was said by Lawrence H. Summers, President of Harvard University, when he announced in 2004 that Harvard would provide full scholarships to its neediest students:
Although a noble idea, Summers’ promise to aid low-income students entering college is flawed in the sense that the attempt to push students into higher education needs to occur significantly earlier than high school. Some studies have shown that early educational intervention in low-income children as early as preschool has yielded phenomenal results in college enrollment and graduation compared to their non-intervention peers.
Failure of low-cost alternatives.
Similar systems as the one established at Harvard have yielded less-than-promising results. The University of Virginia and Amherst College have created programs that provide education free or low cost to low-income students, and like Harvard, the rates at which low-income students apply have not increased significantly. Similarly, the establishment of community colleges is one such attempt at providing low-cost education to low-income students; however, contrary to their ultimate goal, as well as the goal of those who enroll, transferring to four-year institutions is not usually the end product. Of those who entered community college transfer programs in the mid-90s, only about 17% transferred in five years.
What these findings suggest is that perhaps another factor determines college attendance and overall success. The Carolina Abecedarian Project at the Frank Porter Graham Institute of Child Development at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, has attempted to identify that factor in a longitudinal study continued over 21 years.
Carolina Abecedarian Project.
The Carolina Abecedarian Project began in 1972 and aimed to discover the long-term effects of early educational intervention on at-risk children born into poor families.
This relatively small project (111 infants born between 1972 and 1977 to high risk mothers, defined by low income and education) in which 57 children were assigned to an experimental group where for the next five years they were transferred out of the home environment to research-grade daycare center for 6–8 hours a day, 5-days a week with 1:3 or at most 5 caregivers to infants. The control group was not interfered with; however, basic supplies, such as diapers, were provided. All daycare workers were professionals educated with at least a Masters degree, and care focused on emotional, social, and cognitive development, with an emphasis on language.
Results were assessed in three follow-up studies at age 12, 15, and 21, and revealed remarkable results. Not only did the intervention group maintain higher test scores throughout the years in math and reading, but the rate at which they graduated high school, entered college, waited to have their first child, and made overall positive life choices was far higher than for their non-intervention peers. Furthermore, the mothers of the intervention children were more likely to obtain higher education themselves, especially the teen mothers. Researchers suggest that early enhanced development of language “appears to have been instrumental in raising cognitive test scores”.
"The importance of high quality, educational childcare from early infancy is now clear. The Abecedarian project provides scientific evidence that early childhood education significantly improves the scholastic success and educational attainments of poor children even into early adulthood"
What we can infer from these results is that five years of extensive quality care for children beginning in infancy yields results that begin to close the gap between children of the rich and children of the poor, as earlier mentioned by Summers. However, rather than providing that low-cost education in college, the care needs to be provided in early childhood to set a foundation for the value of education that will remain with the child throughout life.
Policy implications.
With the knowledge that early educational intervention programs, such as extended childcare during preschool years, can significantly prepare low-income students for educational and life successes, comes a certain degree of responsibility. One policy change that seems necessary to make is that quality child care is available to every child in the United States at an affordable rate. This has been scientifically proven to push students into college, and thus increase social mobility. The ultimate end result of such a reality would be that the widely stratified educational system that exists in the U.S. today would begin to equalize so that every child born, regardless of socioeconomic status, would have the same opportunity to succeed. Many European countries are already exercising such successful educational systems.
International Evidence.
UK.
Evidence from the British birth cohort studies has illustrated the powerful influence of family socio-economic background on children's educational attainment. These differences emerge early in childhood, and continue to grow throughout the school years.
International comparisons.
The Swedish educational system is one such system that attempts to equalize students and make sure every child has an equal chance to succeed. Some ways that Sweden is accomplishing these goals is by making sure every child can go to daycare affordably. Of the total cost of childcare, parents pay no more than 18% for their child; the remaining 82% is paid for by various government agencies and municipalities. In 2002, a “maximum-fee” system was introduced in Sweden that states that costs for childcare may be no greater than 3% of one’s income for the first child, 2% for the second child, 1% for the third child, and free of charge for the fourth child in pre-school. 97.5% of children age 1-5 attend these public daycare centers. Also, a new law was recently introduced that states that all four and five year old children can attend day care for free. Since practically all students, no matter what their socioeconomic background, attend the same daycare centers, equalization alongside educational development begins early and in the public sphere. Furthermore, parental leave consists of 12 months paid leave (80% of wage) whereas one month is awarded solely to the father in the form of “use it or lose it.” This results in the privilege and affordability of staying home and bonding with one’s child for the first year of life. Due to this affordability, less than 200 children in the entire country of Sweden under the age of 1 are placed in child care.
Stratification in the educational system is further diminished by providing all Swedish citizens and legal residents with the option of choosing which school they want their children to be placed in, regardless of what neighborhood they reside in or what property taxes they pay. Additionally, the Swedish government not only provides its citizens with a free college education, but also with an actual monthly allowance for attending school and college.
Together, these privileges allow for all Swedish children to have access to the same resources. A similar system can be found in France, where free, full-day child care centers known as "ecoles maternelles" enroll close to 100% of French children ages 3–5 years old. In Denmark, children from birth to age six are enrolled in childcare programs that are available at one-fifth the total costs, where the rest is covered by public funding.

</doc>
<doc id="20381841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381841" title="Weird (travel guides)">
Weird (travel guides)

Weird is a series of travel guides written by various authors and published by Sterling Publishing of New York City. Started by Mark Moran and Mark Sceurman with a magazine called "Weird N.J.", together or separately, they often write, collaborate, edit and/or write the forward of the other guides. To date, all but seventeen states (Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Delaware, Hawaii, Idaho, Iowa, Kansas, Mississippi, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, West Virginia and Wyoming) have been covered within individual books. 
The franchise now includes calendars and spin-off books.

</doc>
<doc id="20381900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381900" title="Amjad Javed">
Amjad Javed

Amjad Javed (born 5 July 1980) in Dubai, United Arab Emirates is an Emirati cricketer. 
He is an allrounder who bats with right-hand and bowls right-arm medium. He is one the few cricketers for UAE who had played Asia Cup.
Playing Career.
He made One Day International debut for the United Arab Emirates against Bangladesh at Gaddafi Stadium in 2008 Asia Cup. He scored 10 runs in which he hit a four and six and then bowled two overs without any success.
In World Cup Qualifier, Javed hit a blistering 164 from 117 balls, laced with 17 fours and eight sixes at Senwes Park in Potchefstroom as the UAE completed a 112-run win over Denmark.
In 2010, in a List-A match against Bermuda, Javed hit blitzed 89 off 59 balls which included seven fours and five sixes as UAE extended their domination over Bermuda with a thumping 134-run win at the National Stadium.
In 2012, Javed finished with the best figures 4 for 49 against Netherlands in Intercontinental Cup played at Deventer.
In World Cup Qualifier, Javed blasting a 31-ball 63 to lift the team to 246 for 8 as United Arab Emirates held their nerve to secure a narrow 13-run win against Kenya at Hagley Oval in Christchurch putting an end to Kenya's hopes of extending their streak of five consecutive World Cup appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="20381944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381944" title="St. John's-In-The-Prairie">
St. John's-In-The-Prairie

St. John's-In-The-Prairie, now known as St. John's Episcopal Church, is a historic Episcopal church in Forkland, Alabama. The wooden Gothic Revival structure was built in 1859 to the designs of Richard Upjohn. It was originally located south of Greensboro in Alabama's prairie, part of the Black Belt. The congregation was organized in 1834 by Caleb Ives, a pioneer missionary, and was admitted to parish status in 1838. The first rector was the Rev. John Avery. The church building was moved across the Black Warrior River to its present location in 1878. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 20, 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20381977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20381977" title="Vikrant Shetty">
Vikrant Shetty

Vikrant Shetty (born 17 October 1983) is a cricketer who has played one One Day International for the United Arab Emirates.

</doc>
<doc id="20382011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382011" title="1926–27 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1926–27 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1926-27 campaign was a season which saw the team lose their English league title by five points to Newcastle United after winning it for the previous 3 seasons.
Review.
Town were on top of the world following their 3rd consecutive 1st Division championship. Town's season was a very successful season in the league, although they had as many draws as wins during the season, which probably cost them their chances of their 4th consecutive title, although they were only one point off Newcastle United after beating them on Easter Tuesday, but their last 3 games produced 0-0 draws against Manchester United and Aston Villa at Leeds Road along with a 4-0 defeat at Burnden Park against Bolton Wanderers. That meant Town finished 5 points behind Newcastle at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20382051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382051" title="Alawi Shukri">
Alawi Shukri

Alawi Shukri Al Braik (born 23 January 1990) is a cricketer who has played one One Day International for the United Arab Emirates.

</doc>
<doc id="20382063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382063" title="Herold C. Hunt">
Herold C. Hunt

Herold Christian Hunt (February 8, 1902 – October 17, 1976) was a Superintendent of the Chicago Public Schools, bringing it out of an era of political patronage. He was the Charles W. Eliot Professor of Education at Harvard University, an expert in education from the 1930s through the 1970s, President of the American Association of School Administrators, chairman of the American Council on Education, served on the National Board of the Boy Scouts of America, and was awarded the Silver Buffalo in 1963 for his contributions to Scouting.
Education.
Hunt was a graduate of the University of Michigan class of 1923. While in college he wrote for the summer "Michigan Daily". His love for journalism fostered a desire to understand and participate in every aspect of an operation, which would later affect his work in schools. He then became a high school history teacher and rapidly became a school principal and then superintendent in the Michigan public school system.
Professional accomplishments.
He taught in the Michigan public schools from 1923-1927. He earned his M.A. degree from Teacher's College of Columbia University. He became principal of the St. Johns, Michigan high school for four years. In 1931 he became superintendent of that district, and in 1934 superintendent of the Kalamazoo, Michigan school system. In 1937, at age 32, he became head of the New Rochelle, New York School system. He combined his background as a would-be Episcopalian minister with the "glad-handing techniques of a backwoods Congressman," Hunt began speaking tours, set propaganda bonfires in newspaper articles, addressed civic club meetings—did everything, in short, to arouse public interest and squeeze money from city and state legislatures.
He was Superintendent of the Kansas City, Missouri school system and President of the American Association of School Administrators from 1947-1948. While in Kansas City, he was known to fill in for vacationing Episcopalian ministers at the pulpit. In 1947, he was sought as Superintendent for the New York, San Francisco, and Chicago school systems. Chicago hired him as their first General Superintendent in charge of both operations and education in 1947. While in Chicago, he was credited with cleaning up a system rife with corruption. During the tenure of his predecessor, Superintendent William Johnson, the district was blacklisted by the North Central Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools. Three days after the board unanimously confirmed Hunt as its new superintendent, the organization removed Chicago from its blacklist.
When Hunt arrived, "Nonteaching jobs were given out as patronage, and the third floor of the administration building was notorious as a distribution center of political plums." In Chicago, he doubled the school district's budget to $146 million, updated facilities with a $50 million building program, raised faculty salaries almost 50%, and relieved them from kickbacks to ward captains and ringing door bells in every election. Chicago was so anxious to hire Hunt that the offered him US$25,000 a year—US$9,000 more than it has ever paid a superintendent before, and US$7,000 more than it paid its mayor at the time.
He was second vice-president of National Congress of Parents and Teachers from 1948-1951, chair of the American Council on Education from 1948–49, and chair of the Board of Trustees of the Educational Testing Service from 1949-50.
In 1953 he accepted Harvard President Conant's offer to come to Harvard (at half his Chicago salary), to become the Charles W. Eliot professor of Education at the Harvard Graduate School. At the Harvard School of Education, he became the first Chairman of the Administrative Careers Program, which later led to programs in Administration, Planning and Social Policy. From 1955-1957, he served as undersecretary of Health, Education and Welfare during the administration of President Dwight D. Eisenhower. He was eager, he said, "to give back to education the lessons learned in the last thirty years."
After he retired from his position as undersecretary of Health, Education and Welfare, he returned to Harvard. In 1958, he was selected as a recipient of the American Education Award. He served as a consultant to the Ford Foundation's program on the use of television in the schools, was a UNESCO delegate to New Delhi, a member of a delegation that visited Russian schools, and served on the board of the National Council of the Boy Scouts of America. During his time on the board, he served on a task force invited to take a look at the White Stag Leadership Development Program. He was instrumental in persuading the National Council President Ellsworth H. Augustus to conduct research into the program's potential contributions to adult and youth leadership development. He was cited for his contributions to Scouting and received the highest award given volunteers, the Silver Buffalo, in 1963. He retired from Harvard in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20382099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382099" title="Providence Rugby">
Providence Rugby

The Providence Rugby Football Club (PRFC) is a rugby union club based in Providence, Rhode Island. Founded in 1969, the club consist of both a men's and women's (PWRFC) rugby teams. PRFC competes in Division II of the New England Rugby Football Union (NERFU).
History.
Providence RFC was founded in the fall of 1969 by several local athletes with rugby experience and players from the Brown University rugby team.
The club got its start in 1969 thanks, in part, to the efforts of Dave "Ace" Zucconi, a Brown Alumnus who learned the game while serving in the U.S. Air Force overseas. Zucconi drafted several Brown Alumni to play on Sundays and in the first year (’69–’70) the team won all of the thirteen matches they played.
P.R.F.C.’s first official season was the spring of 1971. The club was recognized by the New England R.F.U. after an organizational meeting by five of P.R.F.C.'s founders - Mike Diffley, Jay Fluck, Bob Hoder, Bill Mullin and Hal Wilder. In its first season P.R.F.C. posted an 11-4 record, including a second Guinness Championship. Since then, the club has won the annual N.E.R.F.U. championship twice, 1975 and 1990, two championships at Saranac Lake, 1976 and 1977, plus several successful tours to England and Scotland in 1976, Ireland in 1979, and to England, Scotland and Ireland in 1987.
In more recent history, the Providence Rugby Club has continued to build upon the ways of the club’s founders.
The 2005 season saw the club make the National Sweet 16's for the second time in club history, doing so by virtue of hard fought wins in the North East Regional Playoffs against Union, NJ and a highly regarded Hartford team. Unfortunately the successful campaign of 2005 led to a number of retirements, which, when combined with injuries to key players, left Providence with a disappointing 4-4 2006 season.
After finishing just out of playoff competition due to tiebreaker criteria in the fall of 2004 Providence placed second in the Spring NERFU. In 2002, PRFC captured the regular season New England Division II championship by virtue of a 7-1 record.
Following a trip to the National Round of 16 in 2009, Providence underwent a brief rebuilding process that seems to be coming to fruition. With a mix of local and international talent, PRFC has shown to be advancing back to the top of New England Rugby once again.
This past season saw the club achieve a 6-3 record while playing some of the areas toughest competition. The collective club efforts culminated in a 50-0 victory over rival Newport to retain the Rhode Island Cup; which had been housed in Newport for the past two years.
Providence continues to field highly competitive and successful summer 7’s teams. The team has used the summer to foster strong relationships with returning local college players and as a stepping stone to successful conference play in the fall season.
In addition to the product on the field, PRFC members have developed and facilitated a youth program this past spring with YMCAs in south west MA., a goal the club hopes to further advance to the Providence area in the near future.
Old Boys.
Providence Rugby has a history dating back to 1969. The club has many former members who play with the Rhody Old Cocks.
Women.
Providence Women's Rugby Football Club was founded in January 2004 by a group of local college graduates and then Providence College coach Richard Ashfield. The women - who were primarily from Providence College, URI, Stonehill College and Brown University - decided to work with the established men's team in Providence start a sister club.
Following three seasons of summer 7ís in which the womenís team consistently brought home hardware, including 1st place at Danbury in 2004, the ladies faced a challenging 15ís schedule in their first season, but have quickly gone from a new club trying to find its footing to a playoff contender, by knocking off the longstanding top teams in the league, Seacoast and Hartford.
In 2006, the women rose to the challenge of a tough league schedule to finish with a 4-1 record in league play, and a 5-1 record overall. The season ended in a disappointing fashion: despite completing the season with the same record (4-1) as the other top teams in the division, Providence lost the playoff seed due to the scoring system tiebreaker.
In 2007, the women won the NERFU championship and placed third in the Northeast Championship.
In 2008, the women won a second NERFU championship and placed second in the Northeast Championship, giving them a chance to go for a National Championship. The women placed 5th in the Nation.
The women have made a name for themselves as a top club in NERFU DII, only losing 2 league games in the last 3 years, in a short period of time and with a young core group the team should be a top contender for the league title for years to come.

</doc>
<doc id="20382111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382111" title="Dom Morley">
Dom Morley

Dom Morley is a sound engineer and producer. 
He started his career in the late 1990s at DEP International Studios in Birmingham before moving to London in 1999 to take a position at Metropolis Studios. Here he worked his way up through the ranks, engineering for such producers as Tony Visconti, Phil Spector and Mark Ronson. It was his work with Ronson on the Amy Winehouse "Back to Black" album that won him the Record Of The Year Grammy in 2008. 
Since then Dom has become a freelance engineer and producer working recently with such artists as Sting, Adele, Grinderman, Kate Walsh, The Police, Colin MacIntyre and Jeff Beck.
Selected credits.
He produced the Mull Historical Society album "City Awakenings".

</doc>
<doc id="20382117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382117" title="Nizel Fernandes">
Nizel Fernandes

Nizel Fernandes (born 3 January 1977) is a cricketer who has played one One Day International for the United Arab Emirates.

</doc>
<doc id="20382145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382145" title="Heneage Wheeler">
Heneage Wheeler

Heneage Gibbes Wheeler was a cricketer who played one first-class match for Somerset in 1904.
Wheeler was born at Axbridge, Somerset on 24 February 1870 and died at Preston Village, Brighton, Sussex on 4 August 1965. His batting style is unknown and it is not known if he was a bowler. In his single game, a 12-a-side match against Oxford University that was subsequently determined to be of first-class status, he batted at No 11 in each innings and he did not bowl. He made innings of 3 and 5 and was out in both. He did not play first-class cricket again. 
In 1921, under the Air Ministry and Royal Aeronautical Society notices in Flight magazine there was noted the engagement of "Major Heneage Gibbes Wheeler, late R.A.F, of Bexhill-on-Sea" to a "Florence Hayes of St Louis, U.S.A" .
External links.
Heneage Wheeler at www.cricketarchive.com.

</doc>
<doc id="20382147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382147" title="Extended Parallel Process Model">
Extended Parallel Process Model

The Extended Parallel Process Model (EPPM) is a framework developed by Kim Witte which attempts to predict how individuals will react when confronted with fear producing stimuli. It was first published in Communication Monographs, Volume 61, June 1994. This model is commonly used in health communication campaigns when a message is attempting to persuade audience members to adopt a healthy behavior. In order for fear-based campaigns to be effective, they must induce a moderately-high level of fear and a higher level of self-efficacy and response efficacy. When the audience feels that there is a higher level of fear than efficacy, the message is ineffective.
Inputs.
The EPPM model defines four key factors to predict the likely outcome of communications which involve a fear appeal:
Self-Efficacy - The perception the individual has that they are competent to perform the tasks needed to control the risk.
Response Efficacy - The perception the individual has that the action if carried out will successfully control the risk.
Susceptibility - The perception the individual has of how likely the threat is to impact them.
Severity - The perception the individual has of the magnitude of the threat.
Outputs.
Based on the inputs above, the EPPM model predicts three possible outcomes.
Danger control - When an individual perceives that the severity and susceptibility are high and also perceives that they are competent to take mitigating action then they are likely to act to control the danger. 
Fear control - The model predicts that if an individual perceives their ability to control a risk as low, even if the severity and susceptibility is perceived as high, then they are likely to take steps to control their fear instead. This is maladaptive change, or counter-productive behaviour. Fear controlling behaviour may involve the use of cognitive defence mechanisms such as "It will happen to me sooner or later" in order to manage the state of anxiety.
No Response - The severity or susceptibility of the danger was perceived as low.

</doc>
<doc id="20382205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382205" title="Michael T. Joyce">
Michael T. Joyce

Michael T. Joyce is a former Judge of the Pennsylvania Superior Court. 
Joyce served in the U.S. Army from 1967-1970. He attended the Army Intelligence School and the Defense Language Institute, where he learned three main dialects of the Vietnamese language before serving 13 months in Vietnam with the 25th Infantry Division. He was awarded the Bronze Star and two Army Commendation Medals and was promoted to the rank of Staff Sergeant. 
Upon his return, Joyce attend Pennsylvania State University and graduated in 1973. He received a law degree from Franklin Pierce Law Center in 1977 and served as a Presidential Law Clerk in the Ford White House in 1975. He maintained a private practice from 1977-85 before being elected judge for the Erie County Court of Common Pleas in July 1985. He was retained for an additional term in November 1995. He was elected judge of the Pennsylvania Superior Court in 1997.
In the fall of 2008, Joyce was convicted of two felony counts of mail fraud and six felony counts of money laundering. In 2010, the conviction was upheld on appeal and Joyce was sentenced to 46 months in federal prison.
In October, 2011, it was announced that Joyce is now suing Erie Insurance and State Farm, claiming the companies defrauded him.

</doc>
<doc id="20382242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382242" title="Make Way (The Kingston Trio album)">
Make Way (The Kingston Trio album)

Make Way is the ninth album by the American folk music group The Kingston Trio, released in 1961 (see 1961 in music). It reached number two on the Billboard charts, despite there being no US singles released from the album. ("En El Agua" was released as a B-side in the US but as an A-side in Great Britain).
Reception.
In his Allmusic review, critic Bruce Eder called the album "...a beautiful if relatively low-key selection of a dozen songs, mostly traditional tunes adapted by the group" despite noting that the liveliest songs were misplaced on the album's track sequence."

</doc>
<doc id="20382258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382258" title="Women's Peace Union">
Women's Peace Union

Women's Peace Union (WPU) was organized by Caroline Lenox Babcock and Elinor Byrns in 1921 with the outset to work within the United States political system to outlaw war. WPU campaigned steadily and single-mindedly from 1923 to 1939, along with Senator Lynn Joseph Frazier of North Dakota, for a constitutional amendment that would outlaw war and the preparation for war in the United States and all its territories. WPU refused to negotiate when it came to partial disarmament methods as they completely condemned all acts of violence.
Although the group's ideas and strives were extreme, they were still very reflective of the attitudes of masses during that time period. A great accomplishment for the group came in the form of the Kellogg-Briand Pact of 1928 in which sixty-two nations agreed to renounce war as a way to advance national designs and as a solution to international squabbles. They were able to make their advances through their philosophy of non-violence and their push for suffrage. Their nonviolent tactics included lobbying, letter-writing campaigns and public meetings. They also adopted the principle of praising women and criticizing men. Their feminist philosophy led them to adopt the idea that it would be women who would save the United States and end all wars. Their destruction came from a narrow focus, which was mostly centered around passing the amendment against war. And they were not particularly welcoming of peace organizations that included men or encompassed popular thoughts of men which caused the WPU to be extremely isolated. By 1940, WPU was almost completely non-operable and not functioning as it was no longer in effect, but it actually started to dismantle in the mid to late 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="20382266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382266" title="Indika Batuwitarachchi">
Indika Batuwitarachchi

Indika Prabath Priyankara Batuwitarachchi (born 3 November 1974) is a cricketer who has played two One Day Internationals for the United Arab Emirates.

</doc>
<doc id="20382277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382277" title="Burn Witch Burn">
Burn Witch Burn

Burn Witch Burn were an American Celtic rock/goth/Appalachian/Gypsy/folk/punk rock band based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and active between 1994-2001. The band was a side project of Dead Milkmen singer and keyboardist Rodney Linderman.
History.
The band formed in 1994, around the time the Dead Milkmen announced their plans to disband the following year after a final tour and album. Taking their name from the 1962 horror film of the same name, Burn Witch Burn was composed of Linderman, his wife Vienna and a cast of additional instrumentalists. They crafted a distinct sound drawing from several forms of folk music (including Irish and Americana styles) and a "Pogues-esque" punk rock sensibility, with a dark element sufficient to frequently earn them "goth" and "gypsy" tags. This dark edge, reflected in songs of murder, misery, alcoholism, pestilence and the occult, was a sharp left turn from the Dead Milkmen's comedic lyrical motifs, although Burn Witch Burn lyrics were not without their own sense of black humor (notable in such songs as "Treetop Flotilla", which includes an anecdote about an abusive, Led Zeppelin-listening "fake biker".) The band also utilized an array of unique instrumentation, including the tin whistle, violin, mandolin, banjolin, bouzouki, melodeon, and hurdy-gurdy, in addition to the standard guitar, bass and drums.
The band's first release was a six song demo tape in 1995. 1997 saw a seven-song self-released CD-ep, "The Burning Times", which included a cover of The Velvet Underground's "All Tomorrow's Parties".
In 2000, Burn Witch Burn recorded a full-length, self-titled album, released on the Philadelphia-based Razler Records imprint (which was also the home to Butterfly Joe, a group featuring half of the Dead Milkmen). The album included re-recordings of much of the band's first two minor releases, some new original material, and a Rolling Stones cover, "Citadel".
The group disbanded in 2001. Fergusson and Rodney Linderman later formed the group 25 Cromwell Street, playing in the style of Burn Witch Burn and incorporating several of the latter group's songs into its set.

</doc>
<doc id="20382345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382345" title="Newcity">
Newcity

Newcity is an independent, free weekly newspaper in Chicago that specializes in music, stage, film and art and is notable for launching the careers of numerous cartoonists and writers and art critics. The publication was described by the "Chicago Tribune" as "sophisticated" and as an "alternative weekly" which was a niche publication in the "digital space" in 2005. Its circulation within Chicago is about 70,000. A popular issue is its "Best of Chicago" feature in writers assign the best and worst of Chicago culture and politics. It covers issues such as traffic congestion; for example, a recent editorial called for the city to value walkers as much as drivers.
The publication was launched in the early 1990s and was one of the first newspapers to publish the work of cartoonist Chris Ware as well as Harvey Pekar and his collaborator Tara Seibel. "Newcity" also published comics by Ivan Brunetti and non-fiction graphic journalism by Patrick W. Welch and Carrie Golus. Newcity's senior editors included Tom Lynch as well as writer Nate Lee. Newcity also publishes writers including Michael Nagrant who also writes for the "Huffington Post". It also had movie reviews by critic and photographer Ray Pride.

</doc>
<doc id="20382397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382397" title="Chicken mull">
Chicken mull

Chicken mull is a traditional dish from North Carolina, upstate South Carolina and Georgia. It is a type of stew consisting of parboiled whole chicken in a cream or milk based broth, butter and seasoned with salt, pepper and other ingredients. Traditionally, the stew is served in the late fall and winter months. In northern Georgia, this part of the year is often referred to as "mull season". Often the term "chicken stew" or "chicken mull" refers to an event or gathering where the dish is served.
Preparation.
Recipes for chicken mull vary slightly from person to person, but it is usually made by first cooking a whole chicken by boiling or parboiling, allowing a rich broth to form. The chicken is then removed from the pot and the meat is pulled from the bones or cut off with a knife. The skin, bones and fat are removed as well. Sometimes boneless, skinless chicken breasts are used instead of a whole chicken. A thickening of milk or cream is made (land sometimes evaporated milk is added as well) and added to the broth. The chicken is usually ground up in a meat grinder, although sometimes it is cut into small pieces. The chicken is then added back into the liquid along with salt, pepper and butter or margarine. Various other ingredients may be added to the stew according to local tradition, (such as diced potatoes or onions); a more common addition is varying amounts of hot sauce.
The stew varies in color from white to pale yellow, depending on the amount of butter or margarine used. It can vary in thickness from very thin and soup-like to thick and creamy. Saltine crackers are commonly served with chicken mull, either on the side or crumbled into the bowl.
Other, nearly identical variations of a "mull" can be made using either catfish, oysters or canned salmon, instead of chicken.
Cultural traditions.
Because of its low cost of preparation and reputation as a local comfort food, chicken mull is often served at large social gatherings such as church fellowships, family reunions and community fundraisers. It is a tradition at these gatherings to prepare the mull in a large cast iron or stainless steel pot, often outdoors over an open fire. Bowls of mull are sometimes complimented with coleslaw, rice or grilled cheese sandwiches. In North Carolina and Georgia, "chicken mulls" or "chicken stews" are social events usually held during the colder seasons, with most events occurring September through December.

</doc>
<doc id="20382501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382501" title="Jon Syverson">
Jon Syverson

Jonathan Syverson (born August 21, 1980, in Wrentham, Massachusetts) is an American musician, multi-instrumentalist and songwriter, best known as the drummer of the mathcore band Daughters from 2002 to present. He has also handled drumming duties for As The Sun Sets, and The Color of Violence. Recently Jon also joined up with another Providence band called Snowbird. Snowbird, has Jon on drums along with another drummer Steve Murphy
He was the main songwriter for As The Sun Sets and would often record guitars or bass in the studio for technical parts that he had written. When As The Sun Sets disbanded in 2002, he formed Daughters with long-time friend and band mate Alexis S.F. Marshall and Jeremy Wabiszczewicz and was at first the main songwriters for that band. Daughters then recruited Nicholas Andrew Sadler to play guitar and share song writing duties with Jon. Jon and Nicholas had both been guitar players (with Jon later taking over drum duties) in the Providence, Rhode Island based band Crippler Crossface which Nicholas joined when he was 15 years old. Crippler Crossface also featured Alexis S.F. Marshall as vocalist. For a brief period during his days as drummer for As The Sun Sets he also played guitar in a band with Mark Castillo of Bury Your Dead.
He has many projects and bands that are still currently active touring, writing music or doing studio work. He was asked in 2008 to record drums for The Color of Violence featuring two current members of From First to Last; drummer Derek Bloom and guitarist/backup vocalist Travis Richter. No word as to whether Jon will play drums in a live setting with TCOV and no shows have been announced.

</doc>
<doc id="20382533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382533" title="List of West Bromwich Albion F.C. records and statistics">
List of West Bromwich Albion F.C. records and statistics

West Bromwich Albion are an English professional association football club based in West Bromwich, West Midlands. The club was founded in 1878 as West Bromwich Strollers, by workers from George Salter's Spring Works and turned professional in 1885. The team has spent the majority of its history in the top division of English football and is currently in its longest spell in the Premier League.
This list encompasses records set by the club, their managers and their players. The player records section includes details of the club's leading goalscorers and those who have made most appearances in first-team competitions. It also records notable achievements by Albion players on the international stage, and the highest transfer fees paid and received by the club. Attendance records at The Hawthorns, the club's home ground since 1900, are also included in the list.
Records generally refer only to first team, competitive matches in national or European competitions. Reserve matches, youth matches, friendlies, testimonials, war-time matches and regional competitions are not considered, except where indicated.
Player records.
Goalscorers.
Top goalscorers.
Tony Brown is the all-time top goalscorer for West Bromwich Albion. 
International caps.
This section refers only to caps won while a West Bromwich Albion player.

</doc>
<doc id="20382544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382544" title="2008 BWF Super Series Masters Finals">
2008 BWF Super Series Masters Finals

The 2008 BWF Super Series Masters Finals is the season ending tournament for 2008 BWF Super Series in badminton. It is held in Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia from December 18 to December 21, 2008.
The tournament was marred with the withdrawal of China, citing tiredness and injuries to their players.

</doc>
<doc id="20382605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382605" title="Burn Witch Burn (disambiguation)">
Burn Witch Burn (disambiguation)

Burn Witch Burn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20382632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382632" title="Lab lit">
Lab lit

Lab lit (also "lablit") is a loosely defined genre of fiction, distinct from science fiction, that centers on realist portrayals of scientists and on science as a profession.
Definition.
Unlike science fiction, lab lit is generally set in some semblance of the real world, rather than a speculative or future one, and it deals with established scientific knowledge or plausible hypotheses. In other words, lab lit novels are mainstream or literary stories about the practice of science as a profession. They may or may not center exclusively on the science or the workplaces of scientists, but all tend to feature scientists as central characters. Examples of lab lit include Flight Behavior by Barbara Kingsolver, "Cantor's Dilemma" by Carl Djerassi, "Intuition" by Allegra Goodman and "Mendel's Dwarf" by Simon Mawer. Novels set in the past featuring fictionalized explorations of real-life scientists can also be considered lab lit, such as "Enigma" by Robert Harris or "Kepler" by John Banville.
History and origins.
Fiction that incorporates real science into works of fiction that are not science fiction has also been referred to as "science in fiction." Jennifer Rohn coined the term "lab lit" with the launch of the Lablit webzine in 2005. It was relatively rare throughout most of the twentieth century, but began receiving attention in the cultural pages of science magazines during the first decade of the 21st century and has been championed by such scientist novelists such as Carl Djerassi, Ann Lingard and Jennifer Rohn. An upturn in the publication of lab lit novels occurred around 1990, with five to ten new titles appearing annually in more recent years. This is also reflected in a course at Lyman Briggs College, Michigan State University devoted to lab lit, and "The New York Times"' The Learning Network. The reasons for this increase are unclear, but may include factors such as an increased interest in science on the part of the general public, publishers, and established authors.

</doc>
<doc id="20382637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382637" title="Neural network (disambiguation)">
Neural network (disambiguation)

Neural network(s) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20382647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382647" title="Helma">
Helma

Helma is a female German or Dutch given name, and a Czech surname. Notable persons with that name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20382657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382657" title="Fantasy Pictures">
Fantasy Pictures

Fantasy Pictures Entertainment is a Chinese independent film production company and distributor founded by photographer Lin Fan in 2005. Focusing primarily on independent films, Fantasy was involved in the production of Lou Ye's "Summer Palace", Robin Weng's "Fujian Blue", and Wang Bing's "Fengming, a Chinese Memoir". The company focuses primarily on independent Chinese filmmakers.
Recently, the company under former Polybona Films producer Yuan Gadi has begun to expand into genre films, particularly science fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="20382667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382667" title="Shagreen ray">
Shagreen ray

The shagreen ray or fuller's ray, "Leucoraja fullonica", is a species of skate in the family Rajidae. This ray is found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean, from Murmansk, Russia through Norway, southern Iceland, the Faroe Islands, the Celtic Sea, the northern North Sea and Skagerrak, to northern Morocco, including (infrequently) the western Mediterranean Sea and the Madeira Islands. It is absent from the shallow waters off England and Wales.
Shagreen is a form of roughened untanned leather, typically dyed green and commonly made of the skins of sharks and rays. The common name "fuller's ray" comes from an instrument used by fullers to smooth cloth, referring to its rough and spiny back. 
The pectoral fin disc of the shagreen ray is somewhat wider than it is long. The forward margin concave and undulated, and about one-third longer than the rear margin. The snout is cone-shaped and pointed. The tail is shorter than the disc, with two small, equally sized dorsal fins and a rudimentary caudal fin. The eyes and mouth are large; the teeth are pointed and number about 64 in the upper jaw and 56 in the lower. The upper surface is rough in texture, with patches of large spines on the snout, around the eyes, and on the shoulder. There are two rows of about 50 spines each running from the center of the back to the first dorsal fin, and no interdorsal spine. The underside is smooth except for the front edge of the disc, base of the tail, and tail. The coloration is a uniform gray or brown with smaller darker dots above, and white below. The maximum size is to 120 cm long.
This species occurs in relatively cold water on the upper continental slopes at a depth of 30-550 m. It is most common at depths of 200 m, but is found deeper in southern areas. It favors sandy and possibly also rocky habitats. The shagreen ray feeds on a variety of benthic animals, mainly fishes but also crustaceans. Like other skates reproduction is oviparous; the egg capsules are amber in color and oblong-shaped, with long, stiff horns at each corner. One pair of horns are longer than the capsule. The capsules measure 7.5-9.9 cm long and 4.5-4.7 cm wide. Historically this ray was considered of "inferior" quality for consumption. It is caught commercially by longlines and trawls.

</doc>
<doc id="20382696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382696" title="Elkridge Furnace Complex">
Elkridge Furnace Complex

The Elkridge Furnace Complex is a historic iron works located on approximately at Elkridge, Howard County, Maryland.
Overview.
It comprises the six remaining buildings of an iron furnace which operated from the 18th century into the 1860s. Included are a large -story Federal/Greek Revival house constructed about 1835 as the residence of the furnace owner; a frame dwelling of approximately the same date which probably accommodated a manager or clerk; a -story company store and hotel or dormitory for furnace workers; two 19th century outbuildings, possibly slave quarters; and a mid-19th-century brick duplex worker's dwelling. It is now operated as a restaurant and banquet facility.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
History.
The banks of the Patapsco River had been unearthed to mind for iron stone, which resulted in the displaced sand and earth being dumped into the river, affecting its navigability. In 1753 a law was enacted to prevent the further filling in of the Patapsco River's shipping channel at Elkridge Landing and up to Baltimore.
Caleb Dorsey, an ironmaster aware of iron ore found in the Patapsco River valley, established Dorsey's Forge. It ran on water power; Water was diverted to a water wheel through a water race. The turning waterwheel drove a gear shift that powered the bellows that fanned the forge's fire. Dorsey's Forge and made nails and horseshoes. During the American Revolutionary War he made cannons and bayonets. As of 1787 there were 9 or more slaves that worked his operation.
Benjamin, Jonathan, Elias, George, Charles, and Thomas Ellicott from Pennsylvania became the owners and incorporated the site as the Avalon Iron Works in 1822 and manufactured nails and rolled and split iron. Pig iron was used to create nails using waterpower at the forge in the 1800s. More than 100 people worked at the complex by the 1850s. The forge, factory and mill were destroyed in a flood in 1868. Two structures that remained are in the Patapsco Valley State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20382697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382697" title="1924 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1924 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1924 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1924-1925. The Buckeyes compiled a 2–3–3 record and were outscored 40-45 by their opponenets.

</doc>
<doc id="20382704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382704" title="Wichard von Alvensleben">
Wichard von Alvensleben

Wichard von Alvensleben (May 19, 1902 – August 14, 1982) was a German agriculturist, Wehrmacht Officer, and Knight of the Order of Saint John. Alvensleben was the commander of Wehrmacht troops stationed in April 1945 at Bozen, whence he led his troops to liberate the prisoners being held by the SS at Tyrol.
__TOC__
Early life.
Alvensleben was born on May 19, 1902, in Wittenmoor (now part of Stendal) to Ludolf Udo von Alvensleben (1852–1923) and Ida, née von Glasenapp (1866–1924). He was taught in various convent schools at Magdeburg in Brandenburg an der Havel and passed his Abitur in 1921 at the Klosterschule Roßleben. After four years of practical training he commenced studies in agriculture, forestry, and law in Eberswalde and Munich.
In 1927 Alvensleben married Cora von Erxleben and started to work at his wife's country estates at Tankow-Seegenfelde in the district of Friedeberg and at Dertzow in the district of Soldin, New March, in 1929. In 1936 he bought the forested estate of Viarthlum, in the district of Rummelsburg, Farther Pomerania. Alvensleben by now had two daughters, born in 1934 and 1936, and was a Knight of Justice of the Order of Saint John as well as a deeply religious Christian.
Military Service.
In 1939 Alvensleben became an Officer of the German Wehrmacht, earning the rank of Captain, and was deployed in Poland, France, Russia, Africa, and Italy. He was wounded in 1941 in Russia and received various decorations, including the Wound Badge, the Infantry Assault Badge, and the Iron Cross 1st Class. His wife committed suicide at the arrival of the Soviet Red Army on January 29, 1945, in Tankow-Seegenfelde.
In late April 1945 a group of 140 high-status prisoners were transferred to Tyrol, guarded by SS troops. A delegation from the prisoners contacted senior German army officers, made known the identity of the high-status prisoners, and conveyed the apprehension that those prisoners were to be executed. A regular German army unit under the command of Captain von Alvensleben moved in to protect the prisoners. Outnumbered, the SS guards moved out, leaving the prisoners behind. The prisoners were then set free, with the majority taking sanctuary for a time in Pragser Wildsee until the arrival of U.S. troops.
After the War.
In autumn 1945 Alvensleben was released from U.S. custody and started to work as a transport operator in a sugar refinery in Nörten-Hardenberg. In August 1946 Alvensleben married Astrid von Brand (widowed von Brockdorff-Ahlefeldt) and in 1952 he became an administrator of the von Brockdorff estate Ascheberg near Plön. In 1956 Alvensleben was involved with "Diakonisches Werk", a charity organisation of the Lutheran Church at Rendsburg. He retired in 1974 and died on August 14, 1982, in Ascheberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20382734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382734" title="Duel to the Death">
Duel to the Death

Duel to the Death is a 1983 Hong Kong wuxia film starring Damian Lau and Norman Chu. It is the directorial debut of Ching Siu-tung.
Plot.
Every ten years, the greatest swordsman from Japan faces the greatest swordsman from China in a duel to the death for their nation's honor. As a duel approaches, Chinese champion Ching Wan (Damian Lau) and Japanese champion Hashimoto (Norman Chu) uncover a plot to rig the fight.
Ching Wan, known as "Lord of the Sword", is a peaceful and contemplative martial artist who has trained with Shaolin monks as well as a mischievous hermit. By contrast, Hashimoto is a pitiless and honorable samurai who kills his sensei as his final lesson before leaving for the duel. Meanwhile, ninjas led by a Japanese official collude with the Chinese wardens of the duel to kidnap famous fighters and sabotage the duel for Hashimoto. The honorable samurai, however, does not go along with the plan. Together, Ching Wan and Hashimoto fight the various conspirators and manage to free the captives. Afterwards, Ching Wan sees no point in going forward with the duel, but Hashimoto kills a Shaolin monk to force Ching Wan's hand. The two warriors engage in a gravity-defying swordfight around a rocky coastline. Both swordsmen become mortally wounded before they separate and quietly stare out into the ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="20382749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382749" title="James Clifford (historian)">
James Clifford (historian)

James Clifford (born 1945) is an interdisciplinary scholar whose work combines perspectives from history, literature, and anthropology. He grew up in New York City and was for thirty three years Professor in the History of Consciousness Department at the University of California, Santa Cruz until his retirement in 2011. Clifford and Hayden White were the first faculty directly appointed to the graduate-only department at UC-Santa Cruz. The History of Consciousness department continues to be an intellectual center for innovative critical scholarship in the U.S. and abroad, largely due to a group of prominent faculty including Donna Haraway, Teresa de Lauretis, Victor Burgin, Angela Davis and Barbara Epstein who were hired in the 1980s. Clifford served as department Chair from 2004-2007 and was the founding director of UCSC's Center for Cultural Studies. He has been a visiting professor in France, England and Germany and was elected to the American Academy of the Arts and Sciences in 2011.
Clifford is the author of several widely cited and translated books, including "The Predicament of Culture: Twentieth-Century Ethnography, Literature, and Art" (1988), "Routes: Travel and Translation in the Late 20th Century" (1997), and "Returns: Becoming Indigenous in the Twenty First Century" (2013). He was co-editor (with George Marcus) of the widely influential collection "Writing Culture: the Poetics and Politics of Ethnography" (1986). Clifford's work has sparked controversy and critical debate in a number of disciplines, such as literature, art history and visual studies, and especially in cultural anthropology. His historical and rhetorical critiques of ethnography contributed to Anthropology's important self-critical, decolonizing period of the 1980s and early 1990s. Since then he has worked in a cultural studies framework that combines cross-cultural scholarship with the British Birmingham tradition. Since 2000 his writing has focused on processes of globalization and decolonization as they influence contemporary "indigenous" lives. 
Clifford's dissertation research was conducted at Harvard University in History (1970–1977), and focused on the history of anthropology. He specialized in the French tradition, writing on Marcel Mauss, Marcel Griaule, Michel Leiris, and Claude Lévi-Strauss. His dissertation and first book, "Person and Myth" (1982) was a study of the missionary-anthropologist Maurice Leenhardt and the colonial history of New Caledonia in French Melanesia. A geographical interest in the Island Pacific continues to influence Clifford's scholarship on issues related to indigeneity, transnational flows, museum studies, visual and performance studies, cultural studies, and cross-cultural translation. 

</doc>
<doc id="20382784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382784" title="Cry Blood, Apache">
Cry Blood, Apache

Cry Blood, Apache is a 1970 western film directed by Jack Starrett and assistant director Robert Tessier. The film released by Liberty Entertainment was from an original story by Harold Roberts with a screenplay by Sean MacGregor and has been rereleased as part of a 20 movie DVD pack titled "Mean Guns" by Mill Creek Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="20382825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382825" title="The Last Month of the Year">
The Last Month of the Year

The Last Month of the Year is an album of Christmas music by The Kingston Trio, released in 1960 (see 1960 in music). It became the first Kingston Trio album release to fall below expected sales and Capitol withdrew the album from circulation shortly after its release. In 1992 the tracks were digitally re-mastered from the original three-track master session tapes and it was reissued on CD, but was once again deleted from the Capitol catalog.
History.
"The Last Month of the Year" is considered their most musically ambitious and also one of the Trio's least known. It was recorded in 1960 between shows at The Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles, CA.
Nick Reynolds stated in an interview for the liner notes of "The Guard Years": "It wasn't your standard Christmas album. That's why we called it "The Last Month of the Year". It was a pretty complicated little album, some very intricate stuff. Dave (Guard) brought in a lot of the arrangements with stuff like bouzouki instrumentation; Buckwheat (David Wheat, the Trio's bassist) played some wonderful gut-string guitar. We really worked hard on that one, laying down a lot of the instrumental tracks before we did the vocals, working on harmonies over and over. David (Guard) was responsible for a lot of that album, but we all brought things in... Musically, it came off very well; it just didn't sell."
Reception.
Sales for the album fell far below expected sales and Capitol withdrew the album from circulation shortly after its release.
In his Allmusic review, critic David A. Milberg called the "The Last Month of the Year" "An essential part of any Christmas album collection, these are true Christmas folk songs, from spirituals to Old English rounds."

</doc>
<doc id="20382868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382868" title="2009 BRIT Awards">
2009 BRIT Awards

The 2009 BRIT Awards ceremony took place on Wednesday 18 February 2009. It was the 29th edition of the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards. The awards ceremony was held at Earls Court Exhibition Centre in London, and was broadcast live on ITV on 18 February at 8pm (GMT). Duffy became the first female artist to ever win three awards in the same year, and only Blur, in 1995, have ever won more awards at a single ceremony. The show was advertised as live by ITV but the broadcast included several audio deletions which means the show was shown on a time delay system. The 2009 BRIT Awards ceremony was watched by 5.49 million people and was the 32nd most watched programme on TV on the week ending 22 February.
Hosts.
Kylie Minogue, Mathew Horne and James Corden hosted the 2009 edition of the BRIT Awards, with Fearne Cotton presenting backstage. Fearne also hosted the launch party for ITV2 in January.
Johnny Vegas introduced and closed the event, as well as reading out the nominees in a pre-recorded voiceover. Emma B provided the live voiceovers as the artists came to the stage.
Rufus Hound, Sara Cox, Melanie Blatt and Nicole Appleton presented the Red Carpet and Encore events on ITV2.
Alesha Dixon presented a backstage programme, screened on ITV two days after the ceremony.
Notable Moments.
Girls Aloud.
British reality band, Girls Aloud, marked their first ever performance at the 2009 ceremony, by performing their single, "The Promise". The performance saw the band members, including Cheryl Cole and Nicola Roberts appear as though they were naked, with their modesty being covered by pink feathers. This performance was nominated in the 2010 ceremony for the "BRITs Hits 30 - Best Live Performance at the BRIT Awards", alongside Oasis and The Who, which the Spice Girls eventually went on to win. The promise won best British single, their first ever BRIT award.
Mick Kluczynski.
Ten days before the 2009 Brits, Mick Kluczynski, the production manager for the Brits since 1995 who assisted with the transition from the Fleetwood/Fox debacle to the scale of the current ceremony, died. Despite this setback the team he put in place ensured that everything went as planned, and the show was dedicated to his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="20382877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382877" title="Old Pera, Jamaica">
Old Pera, Jamaica

Old Pera is a small fishing village in south-eastern Jamaica, 15 minutes east of Morant Bay. The village is historic, with mountain and Caribbean sea views.
The area is known for its Cumina, a ritual celebration of a recent death based on reverence for ancestors.

</doc>
<doc id="20382903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382903" title="Robert Carter (cricketer, born 1960)">
Robert Carter (cricketer, born 1960)

Robert Michael Carter (born 1960 in King's Lynn, England) is a former cricketer who played 60 first-class and 55 List A games between 1978 and 1984-85 for Northamptonshire and Canterbury.

</doc>
<doc id="20382950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382950" title="Brachypsalis">
Brachypsalis

Brachypsalis is an extinct genus of mustelids, which existed during the Miocene period.
The genus was first described by E. D. Cope in 1890. A similar genus, "Brachypsaloides", was later identified as synonymous with "Brachypsalis". Cope assigned the genus to the family "Mustelidae", whilst J. A. Baskin assigned it to the subfamily "Oligobuninae" in 1998.
Five species have been identified in the genus: "B. hyaenoides", "B. matutinus", "B. modicus", "B. obliquidens", and "B. pachycephalus". A sixth species, "B. simplicidens", was later determined to be synonymous with "Megalictis ferox".

</doc>
<doc id="20382959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382959" title="Xanthosia rotundifolia">
Xanthosia rotundifolia

Xanthosia rotundifolia is a species of the plant family Mackinlayaceae, but sometimes also placed in Araliaceae or Apiaceae. The informal name of this species, Southern Cross, is derived from the common name of the constellation Crux. The flowers, white in colour, symmetrical, and cruciform in outline, are reminiscent of the distinctive southern stars. Its habit is as a shrub between to in height. It only occurs in southern regions of Southwest Australia, in a variety of soils over granite or laterite. It was first described by de Candolle in 1829.

</doc>
<doc id="20382967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20382967" title="One Man Band (disambiguation)">
One Man Band (disambiguation)

A one-man band is a musician who plays a number of musical instruments simultaneously using their body and various mechanical contraptions.
One Man Band may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20383004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383004" title="Cary Harris">
Cary Harris

Cary Harris (born March 22, 1987) is an American football safety who was most recently a member of the Edmonton Eskimos. He was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the sixth round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Southern California as a cornerback. 
Harris has also been a member of the Minnesota Vikings, Cincinnati Bengals, and New York Giants.
Early years.
Harris prepped at Notre Dame High School in Sherman Oaks, California where he played running back and cornerback and ran a 10.75 100 meter dash in track.
College career.
Harris is a three-year starter between 2006 and 2008. He played reserve in 2005. He was a two-time All Pac-10 honorable mention player in 2007 and 2008 and is considered a top cornerback for the 2009 NFL Draft.
Harris was one of twelve USC players invited to the 2009 NFL Scouting Combine that season.
Professional football.
Buffalo Bills.
Harris was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the sixth round (183rd overall) of the 2009 NFL Draft. He was waived during final cuts on September 5, 2009, but was re-signed to the team's practice squad on September 6. He was promoted to the active roster on November 20, and recorded two interceptions in the final game of the 2009 season against the Indianapolis Colts. He was re-signed on March 29, 2010.
He was released by the Bills on October 22, 2010, and worked out for the Philadelphia Eagles shortly afterward, but was not offered a contract.
Minnesota Vikings.
On November 24, 2010, Harris was signed to the Minnesota Vikings' practice squad, but was released on December 1.
Cincinnati Bengals.
Harris was signed to the Cincinnati Bengals' practice squad on December 14, 2010.
New York Giants.
Harris signed a reserve/future contract with the New York Giants on January 13, 2011. He was waived/injured on August 16 and later reverted to injured reserve. He was released with an injury settlement on August 28.

</doc>
<doc id="20383011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383011" title="1923 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1923 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1923 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1923-1924. The Buckeyes compiled a 3–4–1 record, but outscored opponents 124-99.

</doc>
<doc id="20383032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383032" title="1977–78 Segunda División B">
1977–78 Segunda División B

The 1977–78 Segunda División B was the first season of Segunda División B, the third highest level of the Spanish football league system. The league was made up of last 4 teams from 1976-77 Segunda División and 2nd to 10th teams from 1976-77 Tercera División. In concept, the Segunda División B was identical to the old Tercera Division, which was now reduced to two divisions. First and 2nd in each group were promoted to Segunda División, and the bottom three were relegated to the Tercera División.
Group 1.
A total of 20 teams will contest the group, including 1 relegated from the Segunda División and 19 promoted from the Tercera División.
Promotion and relegation.
Teams relegated from Segunda División 1976-77
Teams promoted from Tercera División 1976-77
Group 2.
A total of 20 teams will contest the group, including 3 relegated from the Segunda División and 17 promoted from the Tercera División.
Promotion and relegation.
Teams relegated from Segunda División 1976-77
Teams promoted from Tercera División 1976-77

</doc>
<doc id="20383065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383065" title="Oistrakh">
Oistrakh


</doc>
<doc id="20383069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383069" title="Stafford's Bay View Inn">
Stafford's Bay View Inn

The Stafford’s Bay View Inn is located in Bay View, Michigan on Little Traverse Bay. The Inn is a historical building having been around for over 120 years as part of the Bay View Association of the Methodist Church established in 1876. It is located on Woodland Avenue directly off of U.S. 31 with a Petoskey, Michigan address. 
History.
In 1886, John Wesly Howard built the Woodland Avenue House in the rapidly-growing Methodist summer community of Bay View. 
The House was then renamed The Howard House in 1888 after Wesly Howard and served as a summer hotel. During the late 19th century, weekly rates averaged $4.50 for room and board. As the years went by, the property expanded and a various number of proprietors came and went. As the Inn assumed a new owner, it would be renamed accordingly such as The Roselawn, after then late owner, Hiram O. Rose.
The Inn was renamed for the final time in 1935 with today’s title, The Bay View Inn. 
In the summer of 1957, Stafford C. Smith first visited the Inn with his aunt for the Inn’s well-known Sunday brunch. He returned each summer through 1960 and worked an assortment of positions under the Inn’s owner, Dr. Roy Heath. During the summer of 1960, Stafford met his future wife, Janice Johnson, who had been hired as a hostess in the dining room.
Stafford, during the following winter of 1960, began to work at the Perry Hotel in Petoskey, Michigan as the new assistant manager. Stafford and Janice were planning a June 17, 1961 wedding, but the Perry Hotel was sold only four months after Stafford had begun his new position, and Stafford lost his job.
Being out of a job with no marriage location, Stafford and Janice devised a plan and soon bought the Bay View Inn, which had recently been put up for sale by Dr. Heath. It is now known as Stafford’s Bay View Inn after the current owner Stafford C. Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="20383088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383088" title="Kaluka Maiava">
Kaluka Maiava

Kaluka Maiava (born December 27, 1986) is an American football linebacker for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the fourth round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Southern California (USC).
High school.
Maiava attended Baldwin High School in Wailuku, Hawaii on the island of Maui. His junior year, he had 157 tackles, 22 tackles for loss and 8 sacks. Before his senior season, Maiava nearly transferred to Kahuku High School on the island of Oahu, where his uncle was an assistant coach, to get more attention at a program known for its NFL alumni; however, his strong performance in football camps on the mainland influenced him to remain at Baldwin. His senior year, he had 147 tackles, 39 tackles for loss, 8 sacks, 8 forced fumbles and 5 blocked kicks, as well as a punt return for a TD. As a student, he achieved a 3.6 grade point average and an SAT score of 1010 (old scoring system). He modeled himself after Chicago Bears linebacker Brian Urlacher.
Considered the top recruit coming out of Hawaii and one of the top prospects at the linebacker position, Maiava was heavily recruited. A number of major programs offered him scholarships, including UCLA, Washington, Oregon, Utah, BYU, Wisconsin, Colorado, Arizona and UTEP; however, he was not strongly recruited by the University of Hawaii, then under June Jones. His final three choices were USC, UCLA and Colorado. In the summer before his senior year, while attending camps on the mainland, he was invited to make an official visit to UCLA. Impressed by their facilities and coaching staff, he made a soft verbal commitment to UCLA in July 2004. However, Maiava decided to visit other programs and eventually drawn to USC, where he was attracted to the energy of the players and coaches, the program's popularity and the Hollywood atmosphere. He committed to USC on October 11, 2004; he joined the same class as fellow Trojans linebacker Brian Cushing. He is the first player from Maui to play for USC.
In February 2005, the Council of the County of Maui honored him with a resolution congratulating him for all of his high school football achievements.
College career.
Maiava attended USC and played for the USC Trojan football team (2005-2008 seasons) under head coach Pete Carroll and Linebacker Coach Ken Norton Jr. The 2008 linebacker corps at USC, featuring Brian Cushing, Maiava, Clay Matthews III, and Rey Maualuga, was ranked as one of the most talented linebacker corps in college football history.
During his freshman season at USC, Maiava was selected by the team as co-special teams player of the year along with kicker Mario Danelo, he also won the Trojans' Service Team Defensive Player of the Year. In 2006, he had 34 tackles, including 3½ for losses while playing in 12 games and again winning the team's Co-Special Teams Player of the Year Award. During his junior, 2007 season, he was a key reserve, making 44 tackles, including 4½ for losses, two sacks, two pass deflections and a forced fumble while appearing in all 13 games and starting once, against Arizona State. During that season's bowl game, the 2008 Rose Bowl, he suffered a wrist injury and was unable to participate in spring practices. 
Going into his senior, 2008 season, he replaced All-American, top-10 NFL Draft selection Keith Rivers in a linebacking corp that included highly touted NFL prospects Brian Cushing and Rey Maualuga. He had a strong senior season, finishing the regular season with 62 tackles, 7½ for losses, three pass deflections and an interception while making all 12 starts. He won the team player of the game award against rival-Notre Dame, and had the highest number tackles in games were USC struggled against opposing teams' rushing attack. In the 2009 Rose Bowl Game, Maiava became the third straight linebacker from USC to have won the most valuable defensive player of the game, following 2009 bowl game teammates Cushing (2007) and Maualuga (2008).
Maiava was one of twelve USC players, including the four senior linebackers Brian Cushing, Maiava, Clay Matthews III, and Rey Maualuga, who attended the by-invitation-only 2009 NFL Scouting Combine (top rated NCAA Division 1 teams might send only one to three senior players to the Combine).
Professional career.
Cleveland Browns.
Maiava was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the fourth round, 104th overall in the 2009 NFL Draft.
Oakland Raiders.
On March 13, 2013, Maiava signed a three year, $6 million contract with the Oakland Raiders.
On July 10, 2013, Maiava was charged with assault and criminal property damage.
Personal.
Maiava's father, Scott Mahoney, attended and played football for Kamehameha Schools and the University of Colorado as an offensive lineman. His mother, Kathryn, works for an airline, which allowed the family the ability to take free trips to the mainland during Maiava's high school recruiting period. His brother, Kai, also played football at Colorado and UCLA. He is the grandson of professional wrestler Neff Maiava, and the nephew of Dwayne Johnson, who played football at Miami before gaining wide attention as professional wrestler "The Rock". Maiava is a die hard New York Yankees fan.

</doc>
<doc id="20383103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383103" title="Henry Coddington">
Henry Coddington

Henry Coddington (1798/9, Oldbridge, County Meath — 3 March 1845, Rome) was an English natural philosopher, fellow and tutor of Trinity College, Cambridge and Church of England clergyman.
Life.
Henry Coddington was the son of Latham Coddington, Rector of Timolin, Kildare. 
Admitted to Trinity College, Cambridge in 1816, Coddingtion graduated BA as Senior Wrangler in 1820, and first Smith's prizeman; proceeded M.A. in 1823, and obtained a fellowship and sub-tutorship in his college. He retired to the college living of Ware in Hertfordshire, and in the discharge of his clerical duties burst a blood-vessel, thereby fatally injuring his health.
Coddington was vicar of Ware, Hertfordshire from 1832 to 1845.
Advised to try a southern climate, he travelled abroad, and died at Rome 3 March 1845.
Family.
He married a daughter of Dr. Batten, principal of Haileybury College, and left seven children.
Legacy.
He wrote chiefly on optics, in particular "An Elementary Treatise on Optics". He also made the Coddington magnifier popular. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in February, 1829.
Awards.
His name occurs on the first list of members of the British Association. He was one of the earliest members of the Royal Astronomical Society, was a fellow of the Royal Geographical Society and Royal Society, and sat on the council of the latter body in 1831-2.

</doc>
<doc id="20383122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383122" title="Hesketh Hesketh-Prichard">
Hesketh Hesketh-Prichard

Major Hesketh Vernon Hesketh-Prichard, DSO, MC, FRGS, FZS (17 November 1876 – 14 June 1922) was an explorer, adventurer, big-game hunter and marksman who made a significant contribution to sniping practice within the British Army during the First World War. Concerned not only with improving the quality of marksmanship, the measures he introduced to counter the threat of German snipers were credited by a contemporary with saving the lives of over 3,500 Allied soldiers.
During his lifetime, he also explored territory never seen before by white man, played cricket at first-class level, including on overseas tours, wrote short stories and novels (one of which was turned into a Douglas Fairbanks film) and was a successful newspaper correspondent and travel writer. His many activities brought him into the highest social and professional circles. Like other turn of the century hunters such as Teddy Roosevelt, he was an active campaigner for animal welfare and succeeded in seeing legal measures introduced for their protection.
Early life.
Hesketh-Prichard was born an only child on 17 November 1876 in Jhansi, in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India. His father Hesketh Brodrick Prichard, an officer in the King's Own Scottish Borderers, died from typhoid six weeks before he was born, leading him to be raised alone by his mother Kate O'Brien Ryall Prichard. She herself had come from a military family, her father being Major-General Browne William Ryall.
Hesketh-Prichard and his mother returned to Great Britain soon after, and lived for a while at her parents' house, before moving to St Helier on Jersey for several years. His nickname was "Hex", which he would bear throughout his life. They returned to the mainland that the boy might be educated at a prep school in Rugby. In 1887 he won a scholarship to Fettes College, Edinburgh; his entrance paper was an essay on "Summer Sports". He excelled at sports there, particularly cricket, at which the school magazine described him as "the best bowler we have had for a long time". He was invited to play for Scotland against South Africa, but declined as he would have been unable to play against Fette's rival Loretto School. After school, he studied law privately in Horsham, West Sussex. He passed the preliminary exam, though he would never practice as a solicitor.
Writing and exploration.
First publications.
He wrote his first story "Tammer's Duel" in the summer of 1896, which his mother helped him refine, and was sold soon after to "Pall Mall Magazine" for a guinea. That year he abandoned a career in law and spent the summer travelling around southern Europe and North Africa. He spent the sea-time on the trip writing or planning plots. When back in London, he and his mother wrote together under the pseudonyms "H. Heron" and "E. Heron", and saw publication in several journals, including "Cornhill Magazine". Hesketh-Prichard's circle of literary friends widened and he became acquainted with the likes of Arthur Conan Doyle and J. M. Barrie. In 1897 Barrie introduced him to the press baron Cyril Arthur Pearson, who suggested he write a series of ghost stories for his monthly "Pearson's Magazine". Hesketh-Prichard and his mother created a series of stories around the character "Flaxman Low"', the first psychic detective of fiction, though they were disconcerted to find the tales promoted by Pearson as "real". The collected work was published as "The Experiences of Flaxman Low" in 1899.
In 1897, he and his mother worked on the plot of "A Modern Mercenary", the stories of Captain Rallywood, a dashing diplomat in Germany. It was published by Smith and Elder the following year. He travelled to South America in February 1898, seeing the construction work for the Panama Canal, but returned after developing malaria while in the Caribbean.
Commissioned trips.
In 1899 Pearson chose Hesketh-Prichard to explore and report on the relatively unknown republic of Haiti, wanting something dramatic with which to launch his forthcoming "Daily Express". His mother accompanied him as far as Jamaica; in later years she would often travel with him to remote destinations in a time when it was uncommon for a woman of her age to do so. Hesketh-Prichard travelled extensively into the uncharted interior of Haiti, narrowly avoiding death on one occasion when someone tried to poison him. No white man was believed to have crossed the island since 1803, and his trip provided the first written description of some of the secret practices of "vaudoux" (voodoo). He later wrote a vivid account of his travels in the popular book "Where Black Rules White: A Journey Across and About Hayti".
Pearson welcomed his reports, and on his return immediately commissioned him to travel to Patagonia to investigate dramatic rumours of a hairy beast roaming the land. The animal was conjectured by Natural History Museum director Ray Lankester to be a living example of the long-extinct giant ground sloth. Hesketh-Prichard's talent for descriptive narration enthralled the readers of the "Daily Express". He explored the area surrounding Lake Argentino, finding one of its feeder lakes, naming it Lake Pearson after his patron, and their connecting river Caterina after his mother. Lake Pearson was subsequently renamed Lake Anita, but the Río Caterina, known for its salmon, retains the name Hesketh-Prichard gave it. The surrounding area is now part of Los Glaciares National Park.
Although he found no traces of the creature after a year overseas and of travel, he did provide compelling descriptions of unknown areas of the country, its fauna and inhabitants. He acquired the pelt of an unknown subspecies of puma, naming it "Felis concolor pearsoni". (The puma is now considered to be a variety of the southern South American cougar "Puma concolor concolor".) The grass species "Poa prichardii" was named after Hesketh-Prichard after he brought back a specimen. He compiled the story of his travels in the well-received "Through the Heart of Patagonia".
In 2000, on the hundredth anniversary of both Hesketh-Prichard's trip and the newspaper's founding, the "Daily Express" despatched his great-grandson Charlie Jacoby to retrace his footsteps.
Labrador.
Hesketh-Prichard first visited Atlantic Canada in August 1903, travelling up the coasts of Labrador and Newfoundland, and donating the heads of stags he had shot to the Newfoundland Exhibition then in London. He returned in October 1904, this time with his mother, and the cricketer Teddy Wynyard.
His most ambitious trip to the region was however in July 1910, when he undertook to explore the interior of Labrador, saying "it seemed to us a pity that such a "terra incognita" should continue to exist under the British flag". This same territory had claimed the life of writer Leonidas Hubbard a few years earlier. He described his journey up the Fraser River to access Indian House Lake on George River in the popular "Through Trackless Labrador" in 1911.
His reputation was such that former president Theodore Roosevelt, a fellow writer, explorer and hunter, wrote to him, commending him on his latest book, which he described as the best that season, and asking to meet him.
Further writing.
In 1904, the mother-and-son writing team produced "The Chronicles of Don Q.", a collection of short stories featuring the fictional rogue Don Quebranta Huesos, a Spanish Robin Hood-like figure who was fierce to the evil rich but kind-hearted to the virtuous poor. A second collection, "The New Chronicles of Don Q." followed in 1906. The pair produced a full-length novel, "Don Q.'s Love Story", in 1909. "Don Q." was brought to the stage in 1921 when it was performed at the Apollo Theatre, London. In 1925, the book was reworked as a Zorro vehicle by screenwriters Jack Cunningham and Lotta Woods; the United Artists silent film "Don Q, Son of Zorro" was produced by Douglas Fairbanks, who also starred as its lead character. The "New York Times" rated the film one of its top ten movies of the year.
In 1913, writing on his own, Hesketh-Prichard created the crime-fighting figure "November Joe", a hunter and backwoodsman from the Canadian wilderness. It was broadcast as a radio play by the BBC on 23 September 1970.
Despite his reputation as a hunter, he campaigned to end the clubbing of Grey Seals around the coast. Aided by his friend Charles Lyell MP, he was successful in seeing the "Grey Seals (Protection) Act" passed unopposed in 1914, Britain's first legal protection for non-game mammals. His article "Slaughtered for Fashion" in the March 1914 "Pearson's Magazine" argued to protect birds from slaughter for their plumage for millinery.
Cricket.
Hesketh-Prichard was a talented cricketer, and played for a number of teams, including Hampshire, London County, and Marylebone Cricket Club. A right-arm fast bowler, he made his début in the first class game when he played for Hampshire against Somerset in the 1900 County Championship. He was not however a strong batsman, and would typically play in the tail of the batting order. He joined the short-lived London County in 1902, where he was a teammate of W. G. Grace. In 1903 he played his first of several games for The Gentlemen v The Players at Lords. He would be selected for The Gentleman three years in succession. In 1904, he joined the MCC, and took part in Lord Brackley's XI's tour of the West Indies in the 1904/5 season. In 1907, he toured the United States with the MCC.
A tall man, he was able to use his height and reach to his advantage when bowling. In a first-class career that lasted from 1900 to 1913, he took 339 wickets for a total of 7,586 runs. A career best was 8/32 for Hampshire against Derbyshire in July 1905.
Military service.
At the outbreak of the First World War, Hesketh-Prichard tried for a commission in the Black Watch and Guards, but both turned him down because of his age, then 37. He was eventually successful obtaining a post as Assistant Press Officer at the War Office, and first sent to the front lines in France in February 1915 as an "eyewitness officer" in charge of war correspondents. By this time, open warfare on the front had ceased, and had stagnated into the trench warfare that characterised much of the conflict. He witnessed there the victims of gas attack.
Hesketh-Prichard was shocked to learn of the high attrition rate due to well-trained German snipers. It was common for British regiments to lose five men a day to snipers; he learned that one battalion lost eighteen in a single day. The German snipers could not be located, leaving them free to continue shooting from their place of concealment. He was also dismayed by the poor quality of marksmanship amongst the British troops.
He set about improving the quality of marksmanship, calibrating and correcting the few telescopic sights that the army already possessed. He borrowed more sights and hunting rifles from friends and famous hunters back home, and funded the acquisition of others from his own pocket, or donations he solicited. To investigate the quality of German armour plate, he retrieved a sample from a German trench. He discovered that their armour could only be penetrated by a heavy cartridge such as Jeffery 333, while British plate could be easily defeated by a much smaller gun such as a Mauser.
Innovations.
He recognised German skill in constructing trench parapets: by making use of an irregular top and face to the parapet, and constructing it from material of varying composition, the presence of a sniper or an observer poking his head up became much less conspicuous. In contrast, British trench practice had been to give a military-straight neat edge to the parapet top, making any movement or protrusion immediately obvious.
An observer was vulnerable to an enemy sniper firing a bullet through his loophole, but Hesketh-Prichard devised a metal-armoured double loophole that would protect him. The front loophole was fixed, but the rear was housed in a metal shutter sliding in grooves. Only when the two loopholes were lined up—a one-to-twenty chance—could an enemy shoot between them.
Another innovation was the use of a dummy head to find the location of an enemy sniper. The tempting target of a realistic papier-mâché head was raised above the parapet on a stick running in a groove on a fixed board. To increase the realism, a lit cigarette could be inserted into the dummy's mouth and be smoked by a soldier via a rubber tube. If the head was shot, it was dropped rapidly, simulating a casualty. The sniper's bullet would have made a hole in the front and back of the dummy's head. The head was then raised in the groove again, but lower than before by the vertical distance between the glasses of a trench periscope. If the lower glass of a periscope was placed before the front bullet hole, its upper glass would be at exactly the same height as the bullet had been. By looking through the rear hole in the head, through the front hole and up through the periscope, the soldier would be looking exactly along the line the bullet had taken, and so would be looking directly at the sniper, revealing his position.
Training snipers.
Hesketh-Prichard was eventually successful in gaining official support for his campaign, and in August 1915 was given permission to proceed with formalised sniper training. By November of that year, his reputation was such that he was in high demand from many units. In December he was ordered on General Allenby's request to the Third Army School of Instruction and was made a general staff officer with the rank of captain. He was Mentioned in Despatches on 1 January 1916.
In August 1916, he founded the First Army School of Sniping in the village of Linghem, Pas-de-Calais. Starting with a first class of only six, in time he was able to lecture to large numbers of soldiers from different Allied nations, proudly proclaiming in a letter that his school was turning out snipers at three times the rate of any such other school in the world. In October of that year he was awarded the Military Cross, the citation of which read: "For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty. He has instructed snipers in the trenches on many occasions, and in most dangerous Circumstances, with great skill and determination. He has, directly and indirectly, inflicted enormous casualties on the enemy." His friend George Gray, himself a champion shooter, told him that he had reduced sniping casualties from five a week per battalion to forty-four in three months in sixty battalions; by his reckoning, this meant that Hesketh-Prichard had saved over 3,500 lives. He was promoted to major in November 1916. By this time in the war, his contributions to sniping had been such that the former German superiority in the practice had now been reversed.
Later war years.
Hesketh-Prichard was taken ill with an undetermined infection in late 1917 and was granted leave. His health remained poor for the rest of his life, and he spent much of it convalescing. It was during this period of leave that he learned that he had been awarded the Distinguished Service Order, for his work with the First Army School of Sniping, Observation, and Scouting. For his wartime work with the Portuguese Expeditionary Corps, he was appointed a Commander of the Military Order of Avis.
He continued to write and hunt when his health permitted him. In 1920, he wrote his account of his war time activities in the critically acclaimed "" (full-text available on Wikisource and as a PDF document), which is still referenced by modern authors on the subject. The following year he wrote "Sport in Wildest Britain", in which he shared his experiences of bird shooting, particularly in the Outer Hebrides.
Family life.
In 1908, he married Lady Elizabeth Grimston, the daughter of James Grimston, 3rd Earl of Verulam, whom he'd met through friends. They had three children: Michael (born 1909), Diana (1912) and Alfgar (1916). His son Alfgar Hesketh-Prichard was later recruited to the Special Operations Executive during the Second World War, where he became the first head of its Czech Section, training agents to conduct the assassination of Reinhard Heydrich. He died on service in Austria in December 1944, for which he was posthumously awarded the MC.
Later years.
In July 1919 Hesketh-Prichard was elected Chairman of the Society of Authors, of which he had been a member for many years. Poor health forced him to resign in the following January.
Hesketh-Prichard died from sepsis on 14 June 1922, at the ancestral home of his wife at Gorhambury, Hertfordshire, England. His obituarists ascribed this to an obscure form of blood poisoning brought on by gassing in the trenches during his war service. However, all of his ailments—fatigue, heart–digestive–neurological disorders, appendicitis, cognitive problems, depression, anxiety—are recognised today as differential symptoms of malaria. Left untreated they sometimes lead to organ failure and death. His body was cremated and the ashes interred in the family vault at St Michael's Church, St Albans. His mother survived him for some years, dying in 1935. His wife Elizabeth, later becoming Woman of the Bedchamber to Queen Mary, lived until 1975.
His biography was written two years after his death by his friend Eric Parker, who encapsulated his many accomplishments within its title: "Hesketh Prichard D.S.O., M.C.: Explorer, Naturalist, Cricketer, Author, Soldier".

</doc>
<doc id="20383140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383140" title="List of RC Strasbourg players">
List of RC Strasbourg players

This page lists a selection of RC Strasbourg players who have achieved sufficient notability according to several criteria which are defined below. For a list of all RC Strasbourg players, major or minor, with a Wikipedia article, see :Category:RC Strasbourg players, and for the current first-team squad, see RC Strasbourg#Current squad.
Notable players for the club.
This is a list of notable footballers who have played for RC Strasbourg from when the club turned professional in 1933 to the present. Generally, this means all players that have played 100 or more first-class matches for the club. However, some players who have played fewer matches are also included. This includes those who have represented their country whilst playing for the club, and players who have set a club playing record, such as goalscoring or transfer fee records.
Players are listed according to the date of their first-team debut for the club. Appearances are for first-team competitive matches only, including substitute appearances, while wartime and cup matches are excluded. Players who captained the club for 10 or more games during a season are included. Statistics are correct as of November 25, 2008.
French internationals.
Below is a list of all RC Strasbourg players who have been capped for France.
"Italics": Formed at RC Strasbourg's academy<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20383144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383144" title="1922 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1922 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1922 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1922-1923. The Buckeyes compiled a 3–4 record, only their second losing record in conference play. OSU was outscored 57-42 during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20383149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383149" title="Clay Matthews III">
Clay Matthews III

William Clay Matthews III (born May 14, 1986) is an American football linebacker for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL). Nicknamed "The Clay Maker", he played college football for the University of Southern California (USC). He was drafted by the Packers 26th overall in the 2009 NFL Draft. 
High school career.
Matthews attended Agoura High School in Agoura Hills, California, where he played for the Agoura Chargers high school football team. Physically, Matthews was a late bloomer. His father was the team's defensive coordinator, but declined to start his son because he was physically undersized. Matthews began developing physically in his senior season, but only garnered interest from Division I FCS schools and local community colleges. He has described his own recruiting status out of high school as "not applicable." Like his father and uncle, Matthews opted to attend the University of Southern California with hopes of becoming a walk-on for the Trojans football team.
College career.
Attending the University of Southern California, Matthews played for the USC Trojans football team from 2004 to 2008 under head coach Pete Carroll. Matthews entered USC as an unheralded, walk-on student athlete. During his first season, USC's 2004 National Championship season (vacated), he played only on the scout team and turned down several playing opportunities during garbage time during the fourth quarters of games in order to preserve his redshirt status and remaining seasons of NCAA eligibility. He remained a non-athletic scholarship (a "walk on"), reserve linebacker during the 2005 season, and played mainly on special teams. He was granted full athletic scholarship status at the beginning of the 2006 season. Matthews continued to play reserve linebacker in the 2006 and 2007 seasons, and made two starts in 2007 in place of injured teammate Brian Cushing. He was awarded USC's Co-Special Teams Player of the Year in 2006 and 2007 and blocked two field goals in the latter season.
During the off-season, Matthews committed to weight training and conditioning programs to gain size and improve his performance level and stamina. At the beginning of the 2008 season, defensive coordinator Nick Holt, Carroll and Norton decided to try using Matthews in a hybrid "Elephant" position, where Matthews would stand in the position of defensive end, but use the speed and tactics of a linebacker; the coaches had used Cushing in the position in a similar manner in 2006. The experiment was successful, as Matthews recorded 4.5 sacks while playing alongside his other NFL-bound teammates Brian Cushing, Rey Maualuga and Kaluka Maiava. Furthermore, Matthews continued his spectacular special teams play and was awarded USC's Co-Special Teams Player of the Year in 2008, making him the only player in USC history to be awarded three consecutive Special Teams Player of the Year awards. Matthews was a participant in the 2009 Senior Bowl and was considered a top prospect for the 2009 NFL Draft
Matthews was one of twelve senior USC football players, including the four linebackers Cushing, Maiava, Matthews and Maualuga, attending the by-invitation-only 2009 NFL Scouting Combine.
Matthews, alongside fellow USC linebackers Maualuga and Cushing, was featured on the cover of Sports
Illustrated's 2009 NFL Draft Preview magazine, as all three were regarded as potential first round selections.
Professional career.
2009 NFL Draft.
On August 7, 2008, the Green Bay Packers traded Brett Favre to the New York Jets for what would become the Jets 3rd round draft pick (83rd overall) in the 2009 NFL Draft.
On draft day, April 25, 2009, the Packers traded their 2nd round pick (41st overall, Darius Butler), their 3rd round pick (73rd overall, Derek Cox, Jacksonville Jaguars) and the 83rd overall pick acquired for Favre (Brandon Tate) to the New England Patriots for a 1st round pick (26th overall) and a 5th round pick (162nd overall, Jamon Meredith) in that year's draft.
The Packers used the first round pick obtained from the Patriots to acquire Matthews with the 26th overall selection in the 2009 NFL Draft.
Kevin Greene, the former All-Pro linebacker who is third on the all time sack list with 160 (most ever by a linebacker), was hired by Dom Capers in 2009 to coach the outside linebackers. He saw a lot of himself in Clay Matthews but feared the Packers would not be able to draft him. Analysts were shocked when the Packers traded their 2nd and two 3rd round draft picks to the New England Patriots in order to secure Matthews and the 5th round selection. Analysts did not believe Matthews to be a first round draft prospect due to his limited playing experience at USC (only starting the final ten games of his senior season.) Greene later stated that Matthews has a "set of skills that I have not seen in an outside linebacker. Clay has a set of skills that I didn't have. He has another gear I didn't have. He's better than Kevin Greene was."
Green Bay Packers.
Matthews scored his first career touchdown during a "Monday Night Football" game on October 5, 2009 against the Minnesota Vikings; Matthews stripped the ball from running back Adrian Peterson and ran the ball back for a score.
In week 17 against the Detroit Lions, he made 3 tackles, assisted on 2 more and sacked Daunte Culpepper twice. He was nominated for and won the Pepsi NFL Rookie of the Week award for his performance.
In week 10 against the Dallas Cowboys, Clay had another outstanding game: recording 1 tackle, recovering 2 fumbles forced by cornerback Charles Woodson, and sacked Dallas quarterback Tony Romo to make him a nominee again for the Pepsi NFL Rookie of the Week. For the 2nd time in as many nominations was voted Rookie of the Week for week 10.
Matthews had arguably his best game in his young career in week 13 when he was awarded the NFC Defensive Player of the Week award. Matthews had six tackles, two sacks and a forced fumble in the Packers' 27-14 win over Baltimore.
In the Packers December 13, 2009 contest vs the Chicago Bears at Soldier Field, Matthews recorded his eighth sack of the season which put him into a three way tie with former Packers Tim Harris and Vonnie Holiday for the team record of most sacks in a rookie season (1982–Present). The following week Matthews recorded two more sacks vs the Pittsburgh Steelers to claim the rookie record.
He was added to the 2009 NFC Pro Bowl squad, replacing Bears LB Lance Briggs. He was the first Packers rookie to earn a Pro Bowl selection since receiver James Lofton in 1978.
2009 (Rookie Season): Matthews recorded 51 tackles, 10.0 sacks, 7 pass deflections, a forced fumble, and 3 fumble recoveries in his rookie season. He played in all 16 games, starting at ROLB in 13 of them. He led the Packers in QB Pressures, with 45.5. He finished third for the NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year, losing to his former USC teammate Brian Cushing. He was named NFC Defensive Rookie of the Year and set the Packer record for most sacks in a season by rookie (10.0). Matthews was named to the Pro-Bowl, being the first Packer rookie to be named to the Pro-Bowl since James Lofton in 1978.
2010: Clay Matthews took a different approach to the game in the 2010 season. After seeing him double-teamed and constantly chipped by running backs in the NFC wild card game against the Cardinals, Dom Capers decided to move Matthews around the field. Matthews eventually ended up playing mostly at LOLB, but he would roam around the field, playing also at the ROLB position and sometimes in the middle. This confused opposing offenses. Finishing the season with 60 tackles, 13.5 sacks (fourth in the league), 4 pass deflections, 2 forced fumbles, and an interception through 15 games in 2010, Matthews was named to the 2011 Pro Bowl NFC roster for the second straight year and was named AP-First Team All-Pro. Matthews was awarded with the NFL's defensive player of the month award for September after recording 6 sacks in the first two weeks of the 2010 season. Matthews recorded a career high 55.0 QB Pressures. He was named SN-NFL Defensive Player of the Year, NFC Defensive Player of the Year, and won the Butkus Award. He finished a close second (17 votes to 15) to Troy Polamalu in the AP NFL Defensive Player of the Year voting, notable in that both led their defenses to Super Bowl XLV.
2010 Playoffs: Matthews set the Packer record for most sacks in a single postseason with 3.5. In the Super Bowl, won by the Packers over the Pittsburgh Steelers, he recorded 3 tackles, a pass deflection, and a game changing forced fumble. On the first play of the 4th quarter with the Steelers driving to take the lead with the score 21-17 in favor of Green Bay and the ball on the Packer 33 yard line, he tackled Steelers running back Rashard Mendenhall, who fumbled the ball, recovered by Desmond Bishop. The Packers never lost the lead, winning their 4th Super Bowl title and first since Super Bowl XXXI (1996 season), 31-25.
2011: Matthews finished the 2011 season with 50 tackles, and a career low 6.0 sacks despite playing 15 of the 16 games. He led the Packers in quarterback pressures for the third straight season, with 53.5. Although some of his numbers plummeted from the previous season, he improved in other aspects of his game. He recorded a career high 3 interceptions, 9 pass deflections, and 3 forced fumbles. He also recorded his third career defensive touchdown by picking off Eli Manning for a pick-six. Matthews played almost exclusively at the LOLB position, not roaming around the field like he did the previous season due to the struggling defense. Matthews did not play a single snap at the ROLB position until week eleven and finished the entire season with only seven rushes from the ROLB spot. Matthews claimed he had his best overall season despite the low numbers. The Packers struggled to find pass pressure from the side opposite of Matthews and the loss of defensive end Cullen Jenkins due to free agency and safety Nick Collins due to a career ending neck injury, placed the Packers last in total defense despite leading the league in interceptions, with 31. His linebacker coach Kevin Greene stated that he has never seen a pass rusher get double teamed as much as Clay had that season. The defensive line struggled, finishing the season with 6 total sacks after recording 18 the year before. Matthews was named to his 3rd straight pro bowl as a starter. Prior to the 2011 season, Matthews was named the second best pass rusher (2nd only to DeMarcus Ware) and the fourth best linebacker in the league by ESPN (behind Patrick Willis, James Harrison, and DeMarcus Ware).
Heading into the 2012 season, the defense needed to improve. Finishing with the 32nd ranked defense in the NFL was described by Matthews as "unacceptable." The Packers drafted six straight defensive players in the draft, including Matthews future running mate Nick Perry out of USC. Because of Perry's bigger size (10 pounds heavier) and not being accustomed to playing pass coverage was put at the LOLB position, moving Clay Matthews back to the ROLB position he played at in his rookie year. The Packers hope that by drafting Perry, as well as Michigan State DE Jerel Worthy and Iowa DT Mike Daniel, opposing teams would no longer be able to consistently double-team Matthews, allowing pressure to open up on all sides.
2012: Prior to the 2012 NFL season, Sporting News ranked Matthews as the second best outside linebacker in the league, only behind Cowboy's star DeMarcus Ware. Matthews started out the season with a bang. He recorded 2.5 sacks in the 30-22 season opener loss to the eventual NFC champion 49ers and then posted a career high 3.5 sacks against the Bears on Thursday night. Matthews became one of only six players in NFL history to record six or more sacks in the first two games of the season, and is the only player ever to do it twice. Entering week nine against the Cardinals, Matthews was second in the league in sacks with nine, but slowed down recently due to linebacker Nick Perry being placed on injured reserve. Matthews had to leave the game in the second half after his left hamstring started to tighten up. He was eventually ruled out for weeks eleven through thirteen. After missing four straight games with the hamstring injury, Matthews recorded 6 tackles, 2 sacks, and a pass deflection in a 21-13 victory over the Bears. This victory crowned the Packers as NFC North champions for the second year in a row. Matthews totaled 3 tackles and a sack in a 37-34 season ending loss to the Vikings. Matthews finished the season with 43 tackles, 13.0 sacks (5th in the league), 2 passes defended, and a forced fumble. Matthews was selected to his fourth straight Pro Bowl, but dropped out due to injury and was also named AP - Second Team All-Pro.
In the offseason, Matthews became the highest paid linebacker in NFL history when he and the Packers made a deal worth $66 million over the next five seasons.
2013: Playing in only 11 games during the 2013 season, Matthews recorded 41 tackles (26 solo), a team-high 7.5 sacks, and three forced fumbles. During the Packers' Week 5 match-up with the Detroit Lions on October 6, 2013, Matthews broke his right thumb and would miss the next 4 games of the season. On November 10th, in a game at home against the Eagles, Matthews returned to the playing field, donning a large "club" cast over his entire right hand. Without the ability to use his fingers to grab or apply pressure or leverage, Matthews was left to be fairly ineffective during this game. The following week, he returned to the field with a less constrictive device that allowed his fingers to remain free. The less restrictive device seemed to improve his performance the following week. After completing only two tackles (only one solo) with no sacks, stuffs, hits or hurries on the quarterback against the Eagles, in the Packers' Week 11 match-up against the Giants the following week, Matthews had 4 tackles, including a sack and stuff with the less constrictive device. After the Giants game, Matthews would go on to accumulate 4.5 more sacks and 17 tackles (10 solo) over the next 5 weeks. In Week 16, during the second to last game of the regular season against the Pittsburgh Steelers, Matthews would re-fracture his thumb and did not play another down the rest of the season.
Personal.
Matthews was born in Northridge, California to parents Clay and Leslie Matthews. His father Clay Matthews, Jr. played 19 seasons and 278 games as a linebacker for the Cleveland Browns and Atlanta Falcons while earning 4 Pro Bowl selections. His uncle Bruce Matthews also played 19 seasons in the NFL, playing 296 games an offensive lineman for the Houston Oilers/Tennessee Oilers/Tennessee Titans franchise after being drafted out of USC in 1983, Bruce was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2007 and considered one of the greatest offensive linemen in NFL history, playing in an NFL-record 14 consecutive Pro Bowls. Both brothers were All-Americans. His grandfather Clay Matthews, Sr. played 4 seasons in the NFL for the San Francisco 49ers in the 1950s. Of his father's four sons, he is the second to play for USC. His younger brother Casey Matthews is a linebacker for the Philadelphia Eagles, following a prosperous collegiate run with Oregon. He also has cousins involved in football: Kevin Matthews is a center who played for Texas A&M, Jake Matthews is an offensive tackle for Texas A&M and Mike Matthews is a center for Texas A&M.
Every Friday during the football season, Clay talks football on Wisconsin's Afternoon News with John Mercure on Newsradio 620 WTMJ.
In 2012, Matthews agreed to model and test a Depend adult incontinence brief under his uniform to benefit the Jimmy V Foundation charity.
WWE
Clay Matthews made an appearance in the WWE on February 9, 2011, when he ran down to the ring to assist in Edge's World Heavyweight Championship match against Dolph Ziggler as a backup referee, as Vickie Guerrero was the original special referee for that match. Vickie Guerrero injured her ankle (kayfabe) after trying to spear Edge, and Edge won the match and the championship after spearing Ziggler twice, while Vickie was being attended to at ringside for her injury (kayfabe). Shortly after the second spear, Matthews ran down to the ring to make the three-count and give Edge the win. This episode took place on the same week the Green Bay Packers won the Super Bowl (Super Bowl XLV).

</doc>
<doc id="20383161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383161" title="Stephen Marcussen">
Stephen Marcussen

Stephen Marcussen is the founder and chief mastering engineer of Marcussen Mastering in Hollywood, California. 
Biography.
Marcussen was born in Zimbabwe and spent his adolescence attending boarding school in England. Once moving to Los Angeles, his burning desire to work in the music industry inspired him to take a janitor position at one of LA’s most prominent recording studios at the time, Studio 55, owned by established producer Richard Perry. After spending two weeks as head janitor, he jumped on the opportunity to become the studio’s gopher and utilized the position to spend more time observing and learning about sound engineering. Shortly thereafter, he became an assistant engineer to Richard Perry himself.
In 1979, Marcussen left Studio 55 to help develop Precision Lacquer, a new facility that was trying to get its start in mastering. It was then that he began mastering music and building his own credits as a mastering engineer. In his 20 years there, he steered Precision through the dissolution of phonograph records and into the world of digital recording.
In 2000, he opened Marcussen Mastering in Hollywood, California. Since opening his facility, Marcussen has been recognized for his thorough knowledge of all current audio formats. His broad range of mastering credits also include such artists as Aerosmith, Stevie Wonder, Paul McCartney, B.B. King, The Pretenders, Beck, Counting Crows, Solomon Burke, Smashing Pumpkins, Willie Nelson, Rod Stewart, Kirk Whalum, Love Club, World Entertainment War, Sevendust, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Prince, Nirvana and X Japan. He continues to master music spanning many genres and countries for both major label and independent artists.

</doc>
<doc id="20383166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383166" title="Aerobic gymnastics at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games">
Aerobic gymnastics at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games

Aerobics at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games was held in Sapanhin Sports Complex, Phuket, Thailand from 16 November to 17 November 2005.
Results.
Men's individual.
November 17
Women's individual.
November 16
Mixed pair.
November 16
Trio.
November 17

</doc>
<doc id="20383179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383179" title="Dunnichen">
Dunnichen

Dunnichen () is a small village in Angus, Scotland, situated between Letham and Forfar. It is close to Dunnichen Hill, at which the Battle of Dun Nechtain is popularly believed to have been fought. The church is part of the parish of Letham, Dunnichen and Kirkden.
History.
During the 18th and early 19th centuries it was the home of George Dempster, the agricultural reformer, author and founder of the neighbouring village of Letham. Many archaeological remains are associated with the village and its environs, including the hillforts on Dunnichen hill and Dunbarrow hill.
In the early 19th century, the Dunnichen Stone, a class II Pictish standing stone was unearthed at East Mains of Dunnichen. This is now located at the Meffan Institute at Forfar.
An early local tradition, related by Headrick in the Second Statistical Account, claimed that the site was the location of the Battle of Camlann, where King Arthur fought Mordred.
"A confused tradition prevails of a great battle having been fought on the East Mains of Dunnichen, between Lothus, King of the Picts, or his son Modred, and Arthur King of the Britons, in which that hero of romance was slain. Buchanan, no doubt, places the scene of that battle upon the banks of the Humber, in England. But it is probable that some battle had been fought here[...]"
In 1810, antiquarian George Chalmers identified that site as the probable location of the Battle of Dun Nechtain in 20 May 685, where the Picts, led by King Bridei Mac Bili conclusively defeated a Northumbrian army, led by King Ecgfrith, resulting in Ecgfrith's death. For many years, Chalmer's theory has been accepted by historians, but this has recently been called into some doubt.
Festival.
In 1985, a festival based at nearby Letham Village Hall was organised by Robbie the Pict to commemorate the 1300th anniversary of the Battle of Dun Nechtain. The festival was initially received with some enthusiasm by locals and the festival became an annual event, highlights including the appearance of The Waterboys in 1987. 
In its early years, festival-goers used an unofficial campsite located at the top of Dunnichen Hill, which was tolerated by local residents. This grew year by year into a free festival, much larger than the official events in Letham Village Hall, attracting at its peak around 2,500 people. The gathering on the hill became the main attraction for the vast majority of attendees, with a number of large Sound Systems playing throughout the night. While the bulk of the festival-goers stayed for the weekend, a core group of several hundred New Age Travellers occupied the hill for several weeks at a time. 
The growing unpopularity of the unofficial festival with residents in Dunnichen and Letham led to the discontinuation of the official event after 1991. By this time, however, the unofficial event had taken on a life of its own. The festival was mentioned during the House of Lords debate of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, and two years later in a House of Commons Hansard debate. In that year, 1996, violence had erupted when police had attempted to confiscate the largest sound system following numerous complaints by residents. Numerous other instances of anti-social behavior by festival-goers were listed, including the killing of livestock by travellers' dogs, including a number of sheep and 2,000 pheasant chicks.

</doc>
<doc id="20383181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383181" title="United States Senate election in North Carolina, 2010">
United States Senate election in North Carolina, 2010

The 2010 United States Senate election in North Carolina was held on November 2, 2010. The filing deadline for the primaries was February 26; the primaries were held on May 4, with a Democratic primary runoff held on June 22. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Richard Burr won re-election to a second term. Burr is the first incumbent to win re-election for this seat since Sam Ervin's last re-election in 1968. Burr's 54.8% also represented the highest vote share a North Carolina Republican has received since the state began directly electing its Senators.
Background.
This Senate seat has been notoriously unfavorable to incumbents over the past several decades. No person elected to this seat has been re-elected since Sam Ervin in 1968. His successor, Democrat Robert Burren Morgan, was defeated for re-election in 1980, along with many other incumbents from his party. His Republican successor, John Porter East, committed suicide in 1986. East's appointed replacement, Jim Broyhill, served for just four months, resigning upon his November 1986 election loss to former Democratic Governor Terry Sanford. In 1992, the seat changed hands yet again, as Sanford was defeated by wealthy GOP businessman Lauch Faircloth, who was denied a second term six years later by John Edwards. In 2004, no incumbent was defeated, as Edwards was running for vice president and was not allowed to be on the ballot in both races. However, that year the seat did change parties for the fifth time in a row, with Richard Burr defeating Bill Clinton's onetime Chief of Staff Erskine Bowles.
Democratic primary.
Candidates.
"From the North Carolina State Board of Elections":
General election.
Campaign.
Marshall has been endorsed by "The Charlotte Observer", "The Wilmington Star-News", the "Elizabeth City Daily Advance" and "The Southern Pines Pilot". Burr has been endorsed by Greensboro News & Record, and the Asheville Citizen-Times.

</doc>
<doc id="20383201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383201" title="Love T.K.O.">
Love T.K.O.

"Love T.K.O." is a song written by Cecil & Linda Womack for soul singer David Oliver appearing first on the Oliver album 'Here's To You'
However it is mainly associated with R&B and soul artist Teddy Pendergrass,who released it as a single after it had appeared on his 1980 album, "TP". It reached No. 2 on the Billboard R&B chart and No. 44 on the Billboard Hot 100. 
It has been covered by several artists, including Deborah Harry, Regina Belle, Hall & Oates, Bette Midler, Boz Scaggs, Lambchop, Michael McDonald and Seal. Cecil & Linda Womack recorded the song themselves as Womack & Womack and it appeared simply as "T.K.O." on their debut album Love Wars in 1983.
In 2006, the song was featured in the popular video game "", on fictional radio station . It was also used in 2005 video game "Fahrenheit" (aka "Indigo Prophecy"). DJ Spooky referenced the song in his essay entitled "Groove Theory" in "URB". Artist Ahmad Lewis used the melody for a remix of his 1994 song, "Back in the Day" (Ahmad song) from his self-titled album "Ahmad". In 1995, R&B group Xscape would sample it for their remix of Who Can I Run To. The song was sampled also by Kenny Lattimore and Total.

</doc>
<doc id="20383211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383211" title="1921 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1921 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1921 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1921-1922. The Buckeyes compiled a 5–2 record while outscoring opponents 110-14. The 14 points allowed came in Ohio State's only losses.

</doc>
<doc id="20383212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383212" title="Damián Álvarez">
Damián Álvarez

Damián Álvarez might refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20383226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383226" title="Slovakia women's national ice hockey team">
Slovakia women's national ice hockey team

The Slovak women's national ice hockey team represents Slovakia at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's Championships. The women's national team is controlled by Slovak Ice Hockey Federation. Slovakia has 288 female players in 2011.
Olympic record.
During qualification for the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, Slovakia defeated Bulgaria 82-0. This win is the most lopsided in the history of the IIHF. The Slovakians outshot Bulgaria 142–0, averaging a goal on 58.9 percent of its shots. Slovakia averaged one goal every 44 seconds. Janka Culikova led Slovakia with 10 goals, while Martina Velickova scoring nine. The game broke the Guinness World Record for the highest score in a single ice hockey game.
At the Olympics, however, they lost 18–0 to Canada, marking the most lopsided victory in Olympic competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20383245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383245" title="Coastal biogeomorphology">
Coastal biogeomorphology

Over the past two decades, biogeomorphology has developed as an established research field examining the interrelationship between organisms and geomorphic processes in a variety of environments, both marine, and terrestrial
(Naylor, Larissa A. 2005). Coastal biogeomorphology looks at the interaction between marine organisms, and coastal geomorphic processes (Reed, D.J. 2000). Biogeomorphology is a subdisclipline of Geomorphology.
This can include not only microorganisms and plants, but animals as well. These interactions are very important factors in the development of certain environments like salt marsh, mangrove and other types of coastal wetlands as well as influencing coastal and shoreline stability (Reed, D.J. 2000).
There are three main processes related to biogeomorphology; bioerosion, bioprotection, and bioconstruction (Naylor, Larissa A. 2005). Bioerosion refers to the erosion of ocean substrates by living organisms. Bioprotection refers to the protection of substrate from various forms erosion by the presence of organisms, and the structures they create (i.e. coral reefs). Finally bioconstruction refers to the physical construction of biological structures on ocean substrate (Naylor, Larissa A. 2005). 
Marine biota interact with landform processes by building structures, accumulating carbonate sediments, accelerating erosion by boring or bioturbation, and marine plant life contribute to shoreline stability, especially in marsh and wetland environments 
(Bernal P., and P.M. Holligan 1992). 
The interaction between marine biota and geologic processes is very important to shoreline stability, especially in soft sedimentary environments where sediments are more likely to erode away. Benthic, and planktonic organisms, as well as Shellfish filter, package, and even bind fine sediments together in tidal regions. This action reduces turbidity in the area by solidifying and protecting loose, soft sediments, and thus allowing for more colonization by other organisms. If disturbance of these soft sediments occurs, particularly through human interaction like shellfish harvesting, dredging, or the introduction of toxins the environment may drastically change. If this occurs, and marine biota are removed from the environment, erosion can occur, or increase, especially in regions prone to wave action and tidal resuspension (Bernal P., and P.M. Holligan 1992).
References.
Bernal P., and P.M. Holligan (1992) . Marine and Coastal Systems. In J.C.I Dooge, Gordan Goodman, J.W.M. Riviere, Julia Marton-Lefevre, and Timothy O’Riordan (Ed.’s), An Agenda of Science for Environment and Development into the 21st Century (pp. 157-171). Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University Press. 
Naylor, Larissa A. (2005) The contribution of biogeomorphology to the emerging field of geobiology. Palaeogeography, Palaeoclimatology, and Palaeoecology 219(1-2):35-51
Reed, D.J. (2000). Coastal biogeomorphology: an integrated approach to understanding the evolution, morphology, and sustainability of temperate coastal marshes, In J.E. Hobbie (Ed.), Estuarine science: a synthetic approach to research and practice (pp. 347-361) Washington, DC: Island Press

</doc>
<doc id="20383249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383249" title="2004 InterLiga">
2004 InterLiga

InterLiga 2004 was the 1st edition of the tournament in which two Mexican clubs got the opportunity to represent the FMF and Mexico in 2004 Copa Libertadores.
Qualification.
Monterrey originally had the right to play in the InterLiga 2004, but had to play in the CONCACAF Champions' Cup 2004 so their spot was taken by Atlas.
Goalscorers.
The scorers from the 2004 InterLiga

</doc>
<doc id="20383278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383278" title="Cedar Hill (Barstow, Maryland)">
Cedar Hill (Barstow, Maryland)

Cedar Hill is a historic home located on at Barstow, Calvert County, Maryland, United States. It is one of the few remaining cruciform dwelling houses existing in Maryland, built in the 18th century that is typical of 17th-century architecture. It is a -story house with a 2-story porch tower, built of brick laid in Flemish bond. It is now operated as a bed and breakfast, meeting hall, and retreat center.
Cedar Hill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20383298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383298" title="Goin' Places (The Kingston Trio album)">
Goin' Places (The Kingston Trio album)

"Goin' Places" was the tenth album by the American folk music group The Kingston Trio, released in 1961 (see 1961 in music). It peaked at number three on the Billboard charts and spent 41 weeks in the Top 40. The lead-off single was "You're Gonna Miss Me" (a new arrangement of "Frankie and Johnny") which failed to chart. It's B-side was "En El Agua". "Goin' Places" was the last album recorded with founder Dave Guard as a member. 
History.
The day after the completion of the "Goin' Places" recording sessions, the Trio embarked on their first foreign tour. After their return, Guard announced his intention to resign from the group. Guard stated in numerous interviews he left the Trio for two main reasons: He was upset with a discrepancy in publishing royalties and he felt the Trio needed to grow musically. The other members, Nick Reynolds and Bob Shane, disagreed on both counts. Guard stayed on to fulfill the group's concert commitments through November and Reynolds and Shane, having decided to keep the group going, hired John Stewart as Guard's replacement. Guard later formed the folk-oriented group Whiskeyhill Singers — which disbanded after one Capitol album and virtually no success — before moving on to other endeavors.
In an interview for "Frets" magazine in 1984 and included in the liner notes to "", Reynolds stated: "Basically, David wanted to take it on to another level. Bobby and I were just hangin' out, having a good time. We were happy with the format and working way too hard to consider sitting down and learning how to read music... We were killing ourselves as it was with the work, and David was insisting that we take lessons. He was also upset about the publishing thing, and didn't think people were taking care of business, and he became dissatisfied with everything from photography to the management. It might have been an overreaction on Dave's part, but I believe that he honestly wanted to take it to a higher plane..."
The Trio's long-time bassist, David "Buck" Wheat is pictured with the group on the cover.
The final live performances of the original trio were released in 2007 as "Live at the Santa Monica Auditorium".
Reception.
Music critic Bruce Eder wrote for Allmusic that the original Trio's final album "shows no sign of the group slackening its standards or rushing through the material." and while praising all the tracks, singled out "Razors in the Air" as "a delightfully played and sung piece of pure fun that gives Dave Guard, in particular, an opportunity to show off his prodigious banjo skills before leaving the lineup of the group he founded."
Track listing.
"Coast of California" and "This Land Is Your Land" were originally recorded during the "String Along" sessions but did not appear for a year until the release of "Goin' Places".

</doc>
<doc id="20383324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383324" title="Roger Holt">
Roger Holt

Roger Boyd Holt (born April 8, 1956) is a former American college and professional baseball player who was a second baseman in Major League Baseball (MLB) during a single season in .
Holt was born in Daytona Beach, Florida. 
Holt attended the University of Florida, where he played for the Florida Gators baseball team from 1975 to 1977. He was an All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) selection and a "Sporting News" second-team All-American as a short stop in 1977. Memorably, he stole three bases in a single game against Ole Miss in the 1977 SEC Tournament. He graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in business administration in 1983.
The New York Yankees selected Holt in the fourth round of the 1977 Major League Baseball Draft. He played second base in two career games in October 1980. He had one hit in six at bats and a walk.

</doc>
<doc id="20383334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383334" title="Patna Film Festival">
Patna Film Festival

Patna Film Festival is an international film festival. Participant countries includes Iran, Canada, China, Japan, Sweden, Germany, Russia, USA and India . Patna Film Festival started in 2006. It was jointly organised by of Union ministry of information and broadcasting, National Film Development Corporation (NFDC), directorate of film festival, National Film Archive of India, Federation of Film Societies of India and the state government.
1st Patna Film Festival.
First "Patna Film Festival" organized in week of February 11 - February 18 of year 2006 at Mona Cinema hall, Patna. Shekhar Kapoor, Sudhir Mishra, Aziz Mirza, Shatrughan Sinha, Shekhar Suman, Manoj Bajpai, Prakash Jha were among the attendee of festival. A total of 24 films from India, Iran, Canada and China were screened during the festival. Bengali, Marathi and Malayalam language films were also screened at festival. Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi was the inaugural film for the first "Patna Film Festival".
2nd Patna Film Festival.
Second Patna Film Festival held in February 2007 at Patna. The foreign segment of second "Patna Film Festival" had one movie each in French, German, Italian, Japanese and Swedish languages.
3rd Patna Film Festival.
Third Patna Film Festival held in week of April 5 – April 12 of year 2008 at Regent theater, Patna. Participant countries for 3rd "Patna Film Festival" were Japan, Sweden, Germany, Russia, USA and India. Taare Zameen Par was the inaugural film for the third "Patna Film Festival".Bhojpuri Kannada Marathi and Telugu language films were also part of festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20383355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383355" title="Mike Howe">
Mike Howe

Mike Howe is an American heavy metal singer from Taylor, Michigan who performed with the groups Heretic and Metal Church.
Career.
Howe began his career as the singer for Heretic, a speed metal band from Los Angeles, California formed in 1986. Heretic released its sole album, "Breaking Point", in 1988 before Howe departed to join Metal Church and Heretic ultimately disbanded.
From 1988 until 1994 Howe sang in Metal Church, replacing David Wayne. After Howe joined Metal Church the riffing became heavier and the subject matter deeper. The band's lyrics tackled political and social issues of the day with the releases of "Blessing in Disguise" and "The Human Factor". Howe recorded three albums with Metal Church before the group split up in 1994.
Metal Church founder Kurdt Vanderhoof reported in 1998 that Howe has retired and is living in Tennessee with his family.

</doc>
<doc id="20383360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383360" title="Jeff Noddle">
Jeff Noddle

Jeffrey (Jeff) Noddle is the executive chairman of SuperValu, which is the third-largest grocery retail company in the United States, as of 2008, and a leading food distributor. He has served as CEO from June 2001 to June 2009 and has been with SuperValu since 1976.
In addition to this role, Noddle serves on several industry and corporate boards. He serves as a member of the boards of directors of Donaldson Company, Inc., Ameriprise Financial, Inc., The Food Industry Center at the University of Minnesota, Chairman of the governance committee of the board of directors of the Independent Grocers Alliance, Inc. (IGA), and the Academy of Food Marketing at Saint Joseph’s University. In addition, he is a member of The Business Council, a national organization of CEOs.
Noddle is also active in Minneapolis civic affairs, currently serving on the Greater Twin Cities United Way board of directors and executive committee, the University of Minnesota Carlson School of Management’s Board of Overseers, and as a member of the executive committee of the Minnesota Business Partnership.
History.
The boys' mother, Edith Noddle, who died in 2003 at age 91, was a first-generation American whose family emigrated from Russia. Jeff learned his civic duty from this woman. She set up a metal box with a coin slot at home and family members contributed spare change until the box was full. Then the money was taken to the synagogue, which distributed it to the needy.
Their father, Robert Noddle, came to the United States in the early 1920s from Lithuania when he was in his late teens. He worked with a cousin in the scrap metal business in Nebraska City. Later, he moved to Omaha, where he operated a grocery and liquor store near 24th and Leavenworth Streets. Robert Noddle also owned a miniature golf course, and eventually went into the real estate business, working with a brother who was living in California. Robert Noddle died in 1963 at age 60.
Young Jeff sacked groceries in high school at the former Central Market, 16th and Harney Streets, where his mother once worked as a cashier. He worked at Hinky Dinky stores and warehouses during the summer while a student at the University of Iowa, where he graduated with a business degree with an emphasis on marketing. He has also attended the Wharton School's Executive Advanced Management Program and the Levinson Institute.
He married Linda on September 1, 1968 in Chicago, Illinois.
He earned his Bachelor's Degree from the University of Iowa in 1969. He started out by following his two older brothers through school and into the grocery business in Omaha area. Harlan Noddle was chairman of Noddle Development Co., which developed shopping centers all over the United States. He was an Omaha business and civic leader before his death from pancreatic cancer in December at age 69. Allan Noddle, was on the executive board of Royal Ahold, a Netherlands-based, international food service and supermarket company. Before retiring and returning to Omaha in 2002, Allan oversaw Ahold's stores in Central America, Latin America, Asia and the Asia Pacific.
He started his grocery management career at Grocer Sales, Western Division, Supermarkets Interstate moving from a trainee to director between 1971-1976.
At SuperValu.
Jeff joined SuperValu as director of retail operations in 1976 and worked for their J.M. Jones division in Champaign, Ill. During his time there, he held a number of positions, including Director of Merchandising and Vice President of Marketing. Between 1982 and 1985, Mr. Noddle served as President of SuperValu's Fargo division and its former Miami division. After 1985, he served as the Corporate Executive Vice President of merchandising. Hitting his stride in 1995, he then served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Wholesale Food Companies (SuperValu), until 2000. Mr. Noddle served as President of SuperValu, from 2000 to June 2005 while also serving as COO from 2000 to 2001 and as Chairman since May 2002.
In the industry.
He served as Chairman of the board of directors of The Food Marketing Institute (FMI).
Outside the industry.
Mr. Noddle has been an Independent Director of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. since September 30, 2005. He has been Director of Donaldson Company Inc., since 2000. 
He served as a Director of General Cable Corp., from 1998 to December 2, 2004.
As a supporter of the Jewish Foundation, Noddle is also the 2009 chair for the Twin Cities United Way's fundraising effort.

</doc>
<doc id="20383371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383371" title="Walt Curtis">
Walt Curtis

Walt Curtis (born July 4, 1941) is a poet, novelist and painter from Portland, Oregon. He is mainly known for his autobiographical work, "Mala Noche" (1977), which became the basis for Gus Van Sant's 1985 film of the same name.
Curtis has shared the bill with many Beat Generation writers, such as Allen Ginsberg, William S. Burroughs, and Ken Kesey.

</doc>
<doc id="20383385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383385" title="Pets (song)">
Pets (song)

Pets is a song by alternative rock band Porno for Pyros and the second single from their 1993 self-titled album "Porno for Pyros". The "Cursed Female / Cursed Male" single preceded "Pets," but saw only a limited radio station and promotional release making "Pets" the first widely available commercial single from the album.
The song became a #1 hit on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart. The song's success was aided, in part, by a unique video directed by Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris (they would later direct the critically acclaimed film "Little Miss Sunshine") which received heavy rotation on MTV.
Music.
"Pets" deals with dissatisfaction with the human race ("Adults are even more fucked up") and how the human race is on the brink of destruction ("My friend says we're like the dinosaurs only we are doing ourselves in much faster than they ever did"). The song then describes how maybe aliens will be able to take over for us, and then states that we would make great pets to our overlords.
A single/radio edit that was included on all versions of the single censors the profanity to make the song acceptable for radio play. No material was cut; the edit has virtually the same running length as the album version.
Most versions of the single include the non-album track "Tonight," recorded during the "Porno for Pyros" album sessions. "Tonight" is a cover of a song written in 1956 from the Broadway musical "West Side Story." The song was written by Leonard Bernstein and Stephen Sondheim. "Tonight" was previously unreleased.
The non-album b-side "Cursed Female / Cursed Male (Medley)" found on some versions of the single was previously released on "Porno for Pyros"' first single, "Cursed Female / Cursed Male".
Packaging.
There were several different versions of the "Pets" single released in 1993. The standard (and most common) version, released on both CD and 7" vinyl, includes only the radio edit of the title track and the b-side "Tonight."
The second, and possibly most sought-after, version dubbed "Limited Edition" features two additional tracks as well as three full-panel band photos. Like the standard edition, the "Limited Edition" is also available on CD and vinyl (this time 12"). The 12" vinyl version is a picture disc that features the cover art from the album "Porno for Pyros" embossed on the A-side of the vinyl itself, while the B-side features the band's red "Devil" logo. The additional tracks found on this version are the standard album version of "Pets" and "Cursed Female / Cursed Male (Medley)."
Various other import and promotional versions were released, all containing some combination of these four tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20383387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383387" title="Un Coup de Dés Jamais N'Abolira Le Hasard (Mallarmé)">
Un Coup de Dés Jamais N'Abolira Le Hasard (Mallarmé)

"Un Coup de Dés Jamais N'Abolira Le Hasard" ("A Throw of the Dice will Never Abolish Chance") is a poem by the French Symbolist poet Stéphane Mallarmé. Its intimate combination of free verse and unusual typographic layout anticipated the 20th century interest in graphic design and concrete poetry.
History.
The poem was written by Mallarmé in 1897 and published in May of that same year in the magazine "", but was published in book form only in 1914, 16 years after the author's death, based on his extensive notes and exacting instructions. The first edition was printed on July 10, 1914 by the Imprimerie Sainte Catherine at Bruges, in a private 60-copy issue.
The poem.
The poem is spread over 20 pages, in various typefaces, amidst liberal amounts of blank space. Each pair of consecutive facing pages is to be read as a single panel; the text flows back and forth across the two pages, along irregular lines.
The sentence that names the poem is split into three parts, printed in large capital letters on panels 1, 6, and 8. A second textual thread in smaller capitals apparently begins on the right side of panel 1, "QUAND MÊME LANCÉ DANS DES CIRCONSTANCES ÉTERNELLES DU FOND D'UN NAUFRAGE" ("Even when thrown under eternal circumstances from the bottom of a shipwreck"). Other interlocking threads in various typefaces start throughout the book. At the bottom right of the last panel is the sentence "Toute Pensée émet un Coup de Dés" ("Every Thought issues a Throw of Dice").

</doc>
<doc id="20383415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383415" title="Howell Glynne">
Howell Glynne

Howell Glynne (24 January 190624 November 1969) was an operatic bass. He was born in Britain but lived the latter years of his life in Canada, and taught singing at the University of Toronto.
Biography.
He was born in Britain as Howell Glynne Jones on 24 January 1906, in Swansea, South Wales. He studied under Ben Davies and Reinhold von Warlich.
He made his operatic debut in 1931 as Sparafucile in "Rigoletto".
In the 1950s he appeared at Covent Garden, London, and other venues in "Boris Godunov", "Fidelio", "The Bohemian Girl", "Der Rosenkavalier", "Le coq d'or", "Aida", "The Midsummer Marriage" and other operas, "Die Fledermaus" and "La Cenerentola". He appeared as Fiesco in the English revival of "Simon Boccanegra", with Arnold Matters in the title role. In 1962 he sang Poo-Bah in a radio broadcast of "The Mikado".
He created the roles of Ford in the first professional performance of Ralph Vaughan Williams’ "Sir John in Love" (April 1946), Joseph Lavatte in Sir Arthur Bliss's opera "The Olympians" (1949), and in Canada, the Hon William McDougall in Harry Somers’ opera "Louis Riel" (1967). He appeared as the Ghost in the first performance in English of Humphrey Searle's opera "Hamlet", in Toronto in February 1969.
His students included Stafford Dean. His recordings include excerpts from "Simon Boccanegra", "Merrie England", "The Merry Widow", and a complete "Tosca" (as the Sacristan, to Renata Tebaldi's Tosca). 
His first wife was Lena Williams. They had two children, Enid Mair Jones (born 12/24/1927) and Barbara Jean Jones (born 4/18/30). His second wife was Frieda Irons, a model. Frieda had one son by a former marriage, Michael, who legally changed his name to Michael Glynne, but was not formally adopted by Howell Glynne.
He died in a car accident in Toronto in 1969. The driver who hit him was drunk.
The Royal Conservatory of Music (Canada) endows a Howell Glynne Operatic Scholarship.

</doc>
<doc id="20383419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383419" title="1920 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1920 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1920 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1920-1921.They outscored opponents 150-20 in the regular season and beat Michigan, 14-7. The Buckeyes compiled a 7–1 record, including the 1921 Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California, where they lost 28–0 to California. 

</doc>
<doc id="20383447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383447" title="Italian Fast Food">
Italian Fast Food

Italian Fast Food is a movie directed by Ludovico Gasparini, and written by Carlo and Enrico Vanzina, Lorenzo Beccati and Ezio Greggio.
The movie was inspired by the TV show "Drive In", a popular 2-hour show of the '80s.
A few of the characters were actually lifted from the show: Sergio Vastano reprised his desperate student role, while Enzo Braschi gave a three-dimensionality to his Paninaro. Other roles were created for the movie, using actors from the TV show - Carlo Pistarino became a delivery boy, the Trettré were the owner and two workers at the fast food, and Susanna Messaggio (the only actress who was not part of "Drive In") became an acting-obsessed waitress.
The movie is about one day in the life of an Italian fast food restaurant, with several of its customers and workers living strange adventures in and around Milan.
During production, Carlo Pistarino had an accident with the vehicle that was used by his character to deliver food, and the actor came out unharmed after flipping over his 3-wheel car.
The role of Missile is played by Matteo Molinari, who was one of the writers on "Drive In", who subsequently co-wrote the widely successful book series "Anche le Formiche nel Loro Piccolo S'Incazzano" as well as the American-based series "Oops! Movie Mistakes that Made the Cut", books about movie bloopers.

</doc>
<doc id="20383452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383452" title="HM Prison Haverigg">
HM Prison Haverigg

HM Prison Haverigg is a Category C men's prison, located in village of Haverigg (near Millom) in Cumbria, England. Haverigg Prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service, and is part of the HMP North Lancashire and Cumbria Estate (along with HMP Lancaster Castle and HMP Lancaster Farms).
History.
Haverigg Prison is built on the site of an old RAF airfield training centre, and was opened in 1967. While some of the prison's workshops and offices are housed in buildings from that era, most of HMP Haverigg has been extensively modernised over the years.
In January 1999 HMP Haverigg was awarded a prestigious Charter Mark, with particular attention paid to the "excellent service" of the prison's Physical Education department and the Library. However just a month later nearly 200 prisoners were involved in a riot at HMP Haverigg. The inmates smashed windows and started fires, costing £1 million worth of damage at the prison.
In June 2003 the Independent Monitoring Board issued a report stating that cost-cutting measures taken at HMP Haverigg had caused serious problems for staff and prisoners. The report also stated that the board had concerns about particular prisoners, claiming that not all inmates did well with the billet style accommodation and relative freedom at the jail. However the report did also praise HMP Haverigg for its rehabilitation techniques with prisoners.
In August 2005 a prisoner escaped while working in a supervised group of inmates at Roudsea nature reserve in Haverthwaite. The prisoner (who was serving a 15 year sentence for manslaughter) was recaptured by police three days later. Weeks later another prisoner escaped from HMP Haverigg by scaling the prison fence. The inmate who had been jailed for drugs offences was still on the run a month after his escape.
The prison today.
Haverigg Prison accepts inmates suitable for Category C status who are able to participate in full-time employment. Accommodation for prisoners varies from a cellular house-block to billets and two RTUs. 
All prisoners take part in full-time employment and/or training. Workshops include timber manufacturing, construction, plastering, industrial cleaning, and horticulture. Haverigg Prison's gym also provides training related gym courses and qualifications as well as recreational PE. Haverigg Prison has a traditional library facility which also includes IT suites and training facilities, self-help and employment advice.
Haverigg Prison's chaplaincy, Healthcare Centre, Probation and Education departments all offer additional courses and one-to-one sessions (where available) for prisoners with a variety of individual needs. 
There is a visitors' reception centre outside the prison and a visits hall within the Prison. The visits hall has a tea bar which provides hot and cold food and drinks, and also a small children's play area. The tea bar and play area are staffed by local volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="20383473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383473" title="You Axed for It!">
You Axed for It!

You Axed For It! is the first studio album by American heavy metal band The Mentors.
On its original vinyl and cassette release (and the reissue in 2009 on Stool Sample Records), the track "Judgement Day" fades out after the final line, "Hallelujah, we're here to stay", is sung. On the 1997 CD reissue by Maximum Metal, the full version of the track is restored and includes an extra guitar solo and an extra lyric, "Mentors, all the way". The extra lyric was included on the lyric sheet in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20383479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383479" title="1919 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1919 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1919 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1919-1920. The Buckeyes compiled a 6–1 record. Outscoring opponents 176-12, the Buckeyes scored their first 133 points in the first three games.

</doc>
<doc id="20383499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383499" title="InterLiga 2004 group stage">
InterLiga 2004 group stage

Group A.
"All times EST"
Group B.
"All times EST"

</doc>
<doc id="20383522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383522" title="Cornehill">
Cornehill

Cornehill is a historic home located at Parran, Calvert County, Maryland, United States. It is a five-bay-long two-story Georgian brick house laid in Flemish bond with a steeply pitched gable roof with an exterior chimney at each gable end. One brick on the southwest corner contains the date 1786 and the initials "T.F." The initials purportedly refer to Thelbert Freeland, a member of an influential family in northeastern Calvert County. Outbuildings include slave quarters to the south of the house, and a tobacco barn with oak framing. During the majority of the 18th century, the Mackall family, large Calvert County landowners, held Cornehill, or "Cornhill."
Cornehill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20383594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383594" title="American Anti-Vivisection Society">
American Anti-Vivisection Society

The American Anti-Vivisection Society (AAVS) is an organization created with the goal of eliminating a number of different procedures done by medical and cosmetic groups in relation to animal cruelty in the United States. It seeks to help the betterment of animal life and human-animal interaction through legislation reform. Their official mission statement is “to unequivocally oppose and work to end experimentation on animals and to oppose all other forms of cruelty to animals.” Member of International Association Against Painful Experiments on Animals, since 1980.
History.
The American Anti-Vivisection Society was formed in 1883 in Philadelphia. The group was inspired by Britain's recently passed Cruelty to Animals Act 1876. The Society began with the goal of regulating the use of animals in science and society. After a few years, the intention switched from regulation to the complete abolition of vivisection in scientific testing. The two female founding members – Caroline Earle White and Mary Frances Lowell – worked with their husbands in the Pennsylvania Society to Prevent Cruelty to Animals (PSPCA), yet felt that their capabilities extended beyond what the PSPCA had to offer and, in 1869, founded the Women’s Branch of the PSPCA (today known as the Women’s Humane Society).
The first American animal testing facilities were opened in the 1860s and 1870s, much to the dismay of animal rights pioneers. Caroline White traveled to London to meet with Frances Power Cobb, the woman who led the Victoria Street Society and had the Cruelty of Animals Act passed. Caroline White returned in 1883, full of ideas after speaking with Cobb, and transformed the WBPSPCA into the American Anti-Vivisection Society. After two years the group was trying to have legislation passed, proposing the Bill to Restrict Vivisection, which was defeated. After gaining a bit of exposure, many in the medical field began siding with the AAVS. Since then, the group has consistently worked on educating the public on issues regarding animal cruelty as well as worked with the U.S. Federal government in passing legislations for animal rights.
Campaigns.
Anti-vivisection.
The biggest concern of the American Anti-Vivisection Society is the implementation of vivisection in medical testing. Vivisection is any experiment conducted on a subject that is still living at the time of the procedure and, omitting technicalities and procedure failures, still alive afterwards. However, with any experimentation there comes trial and error. Also, the benefit of an experiment is unknown. Since, by and large, the anti-vivisection movement is a moral struggle it is hard to define in concrete terms. Scientists argue that their testing could possibly better all of mankind and often claim that it is more important to risk the lives of animals if it means the betterment of the human race. Anti-vivisectionists argue that most vivisections are unnecessary and true work should be done with cell and tissue samples, seeing as vivisection is an outdated form of experimentation to begin with. George Bernard Shaw states that, “as a vivisection is experimental, it is not always or even often certain that the result of an operation will save any suffering at all.”
There is a great debate between anti-vivisections and scientists regarding the merit of these scientific experiments. As the anti-vivisection movement stemmed from compassion towards animals (as it still does today), there is another aspect. It is what Dr. Pietro Croce describes as the “new anti-vivisectionist,” a person whose reasoning for disbanding vivisection comes from medical and scientific viewpoints, in that there is an actual danger with using animal tested drugs on humans. As Dr. Croce states, “an experimental model of the human species does not exist.” Meaning simply that one cannot expect results derived from testing on animals biologically different from humans to be truly representative of something beneficial to humans.
Pound seizure.
Various racketeers engage in something widely unheard called pound seizure. This is when someone takes cats and animals from the pound, sometimes even the pounds themselves, and sell the animals to various testing facilities. Animals are even required to be released to dealers after an allotted time at a pound. This is seen as a substitute to euthanasia in many places and was, for a time, considered an ethical replacement. However, as the animals in a pound that are healthy and non-aggressive are the ones most valued by laboratories for testing, they are also the ones most likely to be adopted by families. The AAVS argues that since these animals could go to good homes instead of testing facilities, there should be bans and restrictions placed on pounds for supplying dealers with these animals. Many states are beginning to enforce legislation to restrict and ban pound seizure. Washington, D.C. passed legislation to ban pound seizure on August 4, 2008.
Animal patents.
Considering that animals which undergo testing are not human, many of them have to be genetically altered in order to simulate human ailments. When these animals are altered, the group who created them are able to obtain a government patent for that animal. So far, 660 animal patents have been granted to various testing facilities for the creation of new animals that are bred to have specific human ailments. The AAVS has created Stop Animal Patents campaign and have already overturned two animal patents – rabbits bred with bad eyesight to simulate dry eye and beagles bred with lung infections.
Animal cloning.
A more recent concern of the organization is that of animal cloning. Animal cloning has a 1 to 4 percent success rate, meaning that 96 to 99 percent of animals attempting to be cloned die or are never fully created. In January 2008 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) “concluded that meat and milk from cow, pig, and goat clones and the offspring of any animal clones are as safe as food we eat every day.” McDonalds has even been rumored to be partaking in the sale of cloned animal products. With cloning animals for consumer use, this brings into question the potential for human cloning and the government’s ethical standpoint on such an idea.
Publications.
The organization’s earliest publication was a magazine created in 1892 entitled the Journal of Zoophily. The magazine informed its readers of recent vivisection and animal welfare issues, “encouraged readers to support humane education, and informed members about the society’s latest legislative ventures.” The publication changed its name a number of times, from The Starry Cross in 1922, the A-V in 1939, and resting finally with AV Magazine some years after that. The AAVS has had radio programs, such as “Have You a Dog?” as well as occasional spots and commercials on radio and television.
Education.
Education is one of the focal points of the AAVS and its mission. From the organization’s birth, the aspect of education has remained strong, not only in just informing the public as to what vivisection and other such medical procedures were, but also in teaching children about properly treating animals. Teaching humane treatment of animals not only helps interspecies relationships, but also creates a betterment of ideology towards all creatures. As animal rights activist Joseph Covino Jr. writes, “a kid who’s raised to acknowledge no injury or injustice in mistreating or doing violence to a cat or a dog can never be counted on to think anything wrong in mistreating or doing violence to anything weaker than himself – his own kid maybe.”
Animalearn was created in 1990 and is the AAVS’ educational department. The group intends to illustrate how science and biology can be taught in schools without actually using animals, like with dissection in the classroom. Animalearn conducts free workshops with educators nationwide to show how to teach science without the use of animals, as well as trying to incorporate animal-rights, in concept and practice, into the curriculum and educational environment of the school setting. The group has created what they call the Science Bank which is a program of “new and innovative life science software and educational products that enable educators and students to learn anatomy, physiology, and psychology lessons without harming animals, themselves, or the Earth.”

</doc>
<doc id="20383609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383609" title="1918 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1918 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1918 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1918-1919. The Buckeyes compiled a 3–3 record, yet outscored opponents 134-41.

</doc>
<doc id="20383630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383630" title="Abdullah Al-Salem">
Abdullah Al-Salem

Abdulla Al-Salem is one of the first founded suburbs of Kuwait City. It has been there for over 30 years. It is known to be one of the suburbs where the wealthiest of the families "Matyara" of Kuwait live alongside Shuwaikh, Nuzha, and Shamiyah. Lands in this suburb range from 750 to 1250 square meters and the average of a 1000 sq meter land is worth between 1 to 2 million Kuwaitii Dinars (about 3.3 to 6.6 million dollars).
Location.
Abdulla Al-Salem is located in a strategic area between the first and second ring roads. It is adjacent to Kuwait City. A drive to the city would be 7–15 minutes. Abdulla Al-Salem is located east of Shamiyah and west of Mansouriah.
Blocks.
The Suburb is divided into four blocks. Block 1, the largest by area, is located to the north. Block 2, 3, and 4 are located to the south of block one and are situated from west to east in the order of Block 4, Block 3, Block 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20383676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383676" title="Up the Dose (Mentors album)">
Up the Dose (Mentors album)

Up The Dose is American heavy metal band The Mentors' second album. The cover features adult model and singer Candye Kane.

</doc>
<doc id="20383708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383708" title="Gordon Wilcock">
Gordon Wilcock

Howard Gordon Wilcock (born 26 February 1950) is a former English cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket for Worcestershire during the 1970s.
Wilcock was signed by Worcestershire in 1968, having been spotted playing club cricket for Ilkley Cricket Club. He made one Second XI appearance for the county that season, and many more in 1969, but Brian Krikken prevented his standing as keeper until the end of the year. Wilcock also played for Dudley Cricket Club during this period, and continued in the seconds in 1970.
He made his first-class debut against Oxford University at The University Parks in May 1971, though in a game affected by the weather he did not get to bat, and effected only one dismissal, taking the catch to remove John Ward.
He retained his place for the County Championship game against Lancashire that followed, in which he achieved his first stumping, accounting for Farokh Engineer off the bowling of Norman Gifford.
He was then first-choice keeper for the rest of the season, replacing Rodney Cass.
A final return of 40 first-class dismissals in 1971 was made up of 36 catches and four stumpings. In one-day cricket he managed 12 (including one stumping), and was also occasionally useful with the bat in the shorter form, winning a match against Hampshire with a four off the penultimate ball.
Wilcock also did fairly well in 1972, with 42 first-class and 11 List A dismissals, although Cass displaced him at the end of the summer, and in 1973 Wilcock did not get a single first-team game in either first-class or List A cricket.
Wilcock returned for 1974, he and Cass both making a number of appearances as wicket-keeper as Worcestershire won the County Championship. In August 1974 he took six catches in the second innings against Hampshire at Portsmouth, which matched the county record in a Championship match.
Sadly for him, his efforts were in vain as Worcestershire were crushed by an innings inside two days.
He played the first half of the 1975 season, but was then relegated to the Second XI for the rest of the summer. However, with Cass having been released by the county, Wilcock was a regular throughout the record-breaking hot summer of 1976. In 1977, he took until mid-season to establish himself in the team, and he managed very few dismissals, though he did score his only first-class half-century when he made 74 in Worcestershire's two-day innings victory over Yorkshire in August.
1978 saw the arrival of David Humphries, who quickly became Worcestershire's number one keeper, and Wilcock played only one first-team game – his last – that year, a first-class match against Oxford University at Worcester. He held four catches, but made a duck in his only innings.

</doc>
<doc id="20383758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383758" title="Pat Mills bibliography">
Pat Mills bibliography

Pat Mills has written comics since the early seventies.
As well as his influential role in creating and contributing to numerous of British comics, Mills has produced work in both America and Europe. In particular he is known for creating "2000 AD" where he was the first editor and contributed to a number of long-running stories like "ABC Warriors" which has run for nearly thirty years. He was also responsible for creating "The Butterfly Children" series of books for children with his former wife, Angela Kincaid.
Works.
Comics.
Comics work includes:
Early British comics.
Seventies non-"2000 AD" British comics include:
2000 AD.
Comics work on "2000 AD" and related titles (both "Tornado" and "Starlord" were merged into "2000 AD" and some of the stories continued there) include:
American comics.
Work for the American comics publishers include:
Other British comics.
Non-"2000 AD" British comics written by Mills from the eighties onwards include:
French comics.
Work on French-language comics (some of which has subsequently been serialised and collected by "Heavy Metal") include:

</doc>
<doc id="20383772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383772" title="Point of No Return (World Saxophone Quartet album)">
Point of No Return (World Saxophone Quartet album)

Point of No Return is the debut album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet released on the Moers Music label in 1977.
The album features a live performance by Hamiet Bluiett, Julius Hemphill, Oliver Lake and David Murray recorded in June 1977 at the 6th International New Jazz Festival in Moers. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "In future years, World Saxophone Quartet would better temper their free solos with inventive writing, but this early set is pretty self-indulgent.".

</doc>
<doc id="20383812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383812" title="Skias">
Skias

Skias () was a settlement in ancient Arcadia. It was mentioned by Pausanias who visited the region in the 2nd century AD. It was 13 stadia (2 km) from Megalopolis, and 10 stadia from Charisia. Pausanias mentioned the ruins of the temple of Artemis Skiatis. The location of Skias is unknown today.

</doc>
<doc id="20383832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383832" title="Patrick Cummins (politician)">
Patrick Cummins (politician)

Patrick (Paddy) J. Cummins (10 June 1921 – 5 March 2009) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. 
The son of Paddy Cummins, who was a baker from Pearse Street, Dublin and a sergeant in the 6th Royal Dublin Fusiliers during World War I.
He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South–Central constituency at the 1958 by-election caused by the resignation of Independent TD Jack Murphy. He was re-elected at the 1961 general election but lost his seat at the 1965 general election, and was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1969 and 1973 general elections.
He served as a Dublin City Councillor and as a governor of the Royal Irish Academy of Music. He was also in the Royal Dublin Fusiliers Association, the regiment in which his father had served.

</doc>
<doc id="20383841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383841" title="Dominique Vien">
Dominique Vien

Dominique Vien (born February 10, 1967 in Lévis, Quebec) is a Canadian politician, who served as Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of Bellechasse from 2003 to 2007. She was defeated in the 2007 election by Jean Domingue of the Action démocratique du Québec, but was then re-elected in the same district in 2008. She is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party and the current delegate minister for Health and Social Services while previously being the Minister for Government Services.
Vien studied at Université Laval and received a bachelor's degree in communications in 1992. She also made studies at the Université du Québec à Trois-Rivières in training, animation and leadership in 2001. From 1992 to 2003, she was a journalist, anchor and host at a radio station in Lac-Etchemin and was a journalist and news anchor at Radio-Canada's CBV-FM in Quebec City from 1999 to 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20383842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383842" title="The Myth of Mars and Venus">
The Myth of Mars and Venus

The Myth of Mars and Venus: Do men and women really speak different languages? is a 2007 book by Professor Deborah Cameron, published by Oxford University Press. 
Dr. Cameron argues that "what linguistic differences there are between men and women are driven by the need to construct and project personal meaning and identity." She challenges "the idea that sex-differences might have biological rather than social causes" as being more motivated by a reaction to politically correct attitudes than being derived from basic research.
The book argues that there is as much similarity and variation within each gender as between men and women. Cameron concludes that we have an urgent need to think about gender in more complex ways than the prevailing myths and stereotypes allow.
Deborah Cameron is Rupert Murdoch Professor of Language and Communication at Oxford University and author of several leading texts in the field of language and gender studies.

</doc>
<doc id="20383854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383854" title="South Miami Middle Community School">
South Miami Middle Community School

South Miami Middle Community School is a public magnet middle school in Miami, Florida.
Curriculum.
School erected in 1959 originally an all white school during the civil rights era now currently holds over 1200 students. The school offers both Algebra 1 Honors and Physical Science Honors for 8th graders who qualify, as well as core classes available for gifted, advanced, and regular level students. Remedial and ESOL classes are also taught.
Magnet Program.
A magnet program is an audition/application based enrollment meant to take the place of two elective classes. The magnets offered at South Miami Middle take place during two class periods of each and every magnet student and specialize in the visual and performing arts. The programs are as follows:
Chorus.
The magnet Chorus program is made up of three performance group, of which have won multiple awards in the past decade from FFMC and MPA. These are the Mixed Choir, the Girl's Beginning Chorus, and the Vocal Ensemble. All of which learn repertoire throughout the year and perform at the three concerts the program produces every school year. Some students (those in the Ensemble and Vocal Technique classes) learn solos and small ensemble pieces which they compete with and perform at state- and regional-level conventions, as well as a select few at concerts. All students take a required theory class in their 6th grade year, or whichever year they enter the school, and learn how to play the piano at a beginners level.
Broadcast Arts.
WCNE is a cool magnet which offers a unique learning experience.
Extracurricular activities.
Student activities and groups include cheerleading, DFYIT, National Junior Honor Society, and Student Council. 
Team sports at the school include basketball, cross country, soccer, softball, and wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="20383855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383855" title="Grahame House">
Grahame House

Grahame House, Graham House, Mansion House, Graeme House, or Patuxent Manor, is a historic home located at Lower Marlboro, Calvert County, Maryland. It is an 18th-century original -story brick shell laid in Flemish bond with a steeply pitched gable roof. Later alterations have included the purchase and removal of the fine paneling throughout the house to the Henry Francis DuPont Winterthur Museum. Charles Grahame, for whom the home is named, was associated with Frederick Calvert, sixth Lord Baltimore, through Grahame's brother, David Grahame (who married Calvert's cousin, Charlotte Hyde) and with Thomas Johnson, first elected Governor of the State of Maryland, through Grahame's son (who married Johnson's daughter).
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20383923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383923" title="Riverton Parke Junior-Senior High School">
Riverton Parke Junior-Senior High School

Riverton Parke Jr.-Sr. High School is a public school in Montezuma, Indiana serving students in grades 7 through 12. It was created from the consolidation of former high schools in western and southern Parke County, Indiana, Rosedale High School, Mecca High School, Bridgeton High School, and Montezuma High School.
Campus.
The school is surrounded by forests and fields. There is a football field, softball field, and baseball field, along with many paths around the school to hike upon.
Curriculum.
The Panthers have a spell bowl team, a math bowl team, and many other academic teams. Their spell bowl team has been to state on several occasions.
Extracurricular activities.
The Riverton Parke Panthers compete in 8 varsity sports including baseball, basketball, bowling, soccer, cheerleading, cross country, football, track & field, and volleyball, but are mostly known for their softball team that has won more than 12 sectional titles and a state title in Class A in 2010.
References.
http://www.swparke.k12.in.us/rp/index_2.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20383928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383928" title="Enoki-class destroyer">
Enoki-class destroyer

The were a class of six destroyers of the Imperial Japanese Navy. As with the previous , all were named after trees. As "Enoki" and "Nara" were both commissioned on the same day, the class is also referred to as the "Nara" class.
Background.
With most of Japan’s destroyers deployed to the Mediterranean Sea as part of Japan’s contribution to the war effort against Imperial Germany under the Anglo-Japanese Alliance, the Imperial Japanese Navy approached the Diet of Japan for an emergency procurement budget, similar to that awarded during the Russo-Japanese War for the production of the "Kamikaze" class destroyers. The funding was awarded from the fiscal 1917 budget, but mindful of the fact that the "Kamikaze"-class destroyers had not actually been completed until after the end of the previous war, the government stipulated that the emergency budget be used up within a six-month period.
The order for six vessels was split between the four major naval shipyards: one to Yokosuka Naval Arsenal, two to Kure Naval Arsenal, two to Sasebo Naval Arsenal and one to Maizuru Naval Arsenal.
Design.
With such a limited time frame to use its budget, the Japanese Navy could not afford the time to design a new ship. Therefore, the blueprints for the previous "Momo"-class destroyers were distributed to each shipyard, with the instructions that identical ships be produced, except with sturdier armor and bow construction. Experience with extended overseas deployment in World War I had taught the Japanese Navy that the construction of its destroyers needed to be reinforced to handle heavy seas. The result was a ship which looked physically almost exactly like the "Momo" class, but was roughly 15 tons heavier in displacement.
Internally, all six vessels used Brown-Curtis geared steam turbine engines, which could use either heavy fuel oil or coal for propulsion. Armament was identical to the "Momo" class, with three QF 4.7 inch Gun Mk I – IV guns, pedestal mounted along the centerline of the vessel, front, mid-ship and to the stern and two triple torpedo launchers.
Operational history.
The "Enoki"-class destroyers served in the very final stages of World War I, where they were deployed mostly in local waters near the Japanese home islands. "Enoki" and "Nara" were converted to minesweepers on June 1, 1930. The remaining four vessels were retired on April 1, 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="20383942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383942" title="Get Up and Die">
Get Up and Die

Get Up and Die is an EP released by the American heavy metal group The Mentors.
"Get Up and Die" was later repackaged as "Valu Pack" in 1987 along with a free 7" containing three tracks from a concert in San Francisco in 1983. In 2009, it was rereleased on a single 12" with the single tracks on one side and the live tracks plus a spoken track where El Duce talks about the Mentors' early years on the B-side. The spoken track previously appeared on a CD re-release of the Live at the Whiskey album in 2004.
The EP, plus two bonus tracks, appears on the album "Sex, Drugs and Rock 'n Roll", however the tracks are different versions to what appears on the tape.

</doc>
<doc id="20383968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383968" title="SUW 2000">
SUW 2000

SUW 2000 is a type of variable gauge system that allows a train to travel across a railway break-of-gauge.
The SUW 2000 design is manufactured by Polish company ZNTK Poznań for Polish State Railways (PKP). It is used at two border stations, enabling trains to Lithuania and Ukraine to proceed without the need for lengthy bogie exchange.
Similar, but incompatible, systems are produced by Talgo (Talgo-RD) and Construcciones y Auxiliar de Ferrocarriles (CAF-BRAVA). The SUW 2000 is interoperable only with Rafil Type V systems.
, a single SUW 2000 bogie cost 115,000 Lt ($42,000).
Routes.
The following interchange and break-of-gauge locations were fitted with a SUW 2000-compatible track gauge changing facility, allowing trains crossing those routes to be fitted for gauge-changing, rather than bogie-replacement:
The SUW 2000 method of variable gauge system was designed by Ryszard Suwalski.

</doc>
<doc id="20383996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383996" title="John Hennon">
John Hennon

John (Johannes) Hennon (died after 1484) was a medieval philosopher in the late Scholastic tradition. He was from Nijmegen, and studied at the University of Paris, where he received his "magister artium" and "baccalaureus formatus in sacra pagina" (1463). 
As a student of Paris, Hennon was heavily influenced by William of Ockham and Roger Bacon. He wrote a Latin commentary on the "Physics" of Aristotle, the "Commentarii in Aristotelis libros Physicorum", which was completed on 1 October 1473 if a seventeenth-century source is to be believed. Examining the state of science in the late Middle Ages, physicist, historian, and philosopher Pierre Duhem, in "Le système du monde", isolates Hennon's account of the vacuum and a plurality of worlds.
Hennon believed that nature abhors a vacuum and therefore no natural void was possible, though God could create one. A void, however, is not defined by a positive distance between surfaces in which there is nothing, but rather as the capacity ("potentialitas") for a body to be interposed between the two surfaces equal to that which is there when it is full. Hennon affirms that ice is denser than liquid water, and that a sealed vase of water will break upon freezing because nature abhors a vacuum. He believes further that two smooth plates could not be separated (again, because nature abhors a vacuum) unless there were some air still between them, which with enough force may become rarefied, allowing the plates to be separated. 
Hennon is less original on a plurality of worlds, where he borrows text verbatim from Albert of Saxony's "Quaestiones in libros de Caelo et Mundo". He follows Albert and John Buridan in asserting that a multiplicity of worlds is not contradictory and therefore possible through divien omnipotence. In fact, God could create an infinite multitude of beings, since Hennon finds no contradiction between infinity and magnitude. Duhem in his analysis of Hennon's chapter "De Caelo et Mundo", argues that Hennon relied on the Condemnations of 1277 by Stephen Tempier to attack Aristotelian physics, and thus the position that the earth cannot move.

</doc>
<doc id="20383999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20383999" title="Anthony Millar">
Anthony Millar

Anthony G. Millar (24 September 1934 – 23 January 1993) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway South constituency at the 1958 by-election caused by the death of Patrick Beegan of Fianna Fáil. He was re-elected at the 1961 and 1965 general elections for the Galway East constituency. He did not contest the 1969 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20384001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384001" title="Dominion Park">
Dominion Park

Dominion Park was an amusement park in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, situated between Notre-Dame Street and the Saint Lawrence River in the early twentieth century. The park opened in 1906 and was shuttered in 1937, surviving two fires, in 1913 and 1919. It was owned by the Montreal Suburban Tramway and Power company.

</doc>
<doc id="20384046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384046" title="Mirch">
Mirch

Mirch (; ) is a 2010 Indian drama film written and directed by Vinay Shukla. The film featured Konkona Sen Sharma and Raima Sen in pivotal roles. The film began filming in Bikaner, Rajasthan.
According to Shukla, the subject of the film is gender equality and woman sexuality. The film revolves around four short stories subjected on issues of women emancipation, based on a story from the Panchatantra which travels in its various versions to modern times. Konkona Sen Sharma and Raima Sen star in two of these short stories. The film premiered at the I View Film Festival on September 26, 2010. The film had the theatrical release on December 17, 2010.
Plot.
Maanav (Arunoday Singh) is a struggling filmmaker who will not compromise on the script he has written. His girlfriend Ruchi (Shahana Goswami), a successful film editor, arranges for him to meet film producer Nitin (Sushant Singh). Nitin likes the script but is not very sure of its box office potential. Maanav then suggests a story from the Panchtantra: A woman is caught red-handed with her lover by her husband and yet, she manages to wriggle out of it Scot-free! Nitin loves the story but finds it too short for a feature film. Maanav then creates three more stories based on the same premise: in a way, the Panchantra story travels in different versions to the modern times through the film. The four stories are woven together by a common story. Mirch itself echoes this structure, with four stories mingling with the main narrative.
1st Story.
Kashi(Rajpal Yadav) is a craftsman in India in ancient time. He has a beautiful wife Manjula(Raima Sen) who loves him with passion. He receives an invitation from the king to work in the palace. He tells Maya that it is a great opportunity because if the king likes his work, they can become rich. She is upset because she does not want to be alone, but Kashi convinces her. In the afternoon Kashi's friend teases him that his wife is too pretty for him to handle and she will definitely call in another man the moment Kashi leaves for the city. Kashi furiously dismisses it but gets suspected. He hides near in his house to observe his wife. His friend comes home asking for Kashi. Maya says husband is not at home. The friend then asks for water, which Maya passes to him(without opening the door), he tries to make advances towards her but she throws water on his face and he runs away.
Kashi is happy that is wife is extremely faithful to him. He sneaks under the bed to surprise her. Maya then enters the room with a hunky prince(Arunoday Singh). She suddenly realizes that her husband is hiding under the bed. She then fabricates a story of how she was told by the astrologer that her husband has bad luck on him and he shall die within a few days. To avoid this she must consummate with another man so that the bad luck is diverted towards the second man, the prince plays along saying that being a kshatriya he is born to protect others and he is "obliging to his duty".
Kashi now in dilemma, whether to stop them and bear the "bad luck" or helplessly have his life make love with another man right on the bed he is hiding under.
2nd story
This story is setup in medieval times in Rajput Kingdom. Raja Nirgun Singh(Prem Chopra) has a young wife Lavni(Konkana Sen) at the age of 60. Lavni is not satisfied with this marriage and discusses this with her maid Kesara(Ila Arun). Kesara tells her that it is not uncommon for queens to ask for "services" from young and reliable subjects. Lavni tells her that she likes Chandresh(Arunoday Singh), who is one of a very closed subject of the King. Kesara passes on the message to Chandresh, who refuses it saying he cannot do this because this would be cheating on the king(he cannot tell the king about the queen's advances either as this would mean a death sentence). Kesara tells him that he shall be rewarded accordingly. On this Chandresh says that he has a few conditions and shall reveal them one by one. All these conditions are seemingly impossible tasks which he puts forward just to deter the Queen. But Lavni completes these tasks(from plucking the tooth of the king to getting rid of the king's pet cat). He sees the Queen's desperation and places one last task, that whatever "happens" must happen in front of the King. The Queen says yes to this one as well.
One night the king and queen are sitting in the garden. Chandresh walks in and the queen asks him to fetch fruit from the tree in the garden. Chandresh climbs the tree and comes down asking for apology. The king asks him for what he saw, Chandresh replied that he saw the king and queen in sexual embrace. The queen rejects it angrily saying that this is something that has never happened(humiliating the king). Chandresh says that this can happen if the tree is possessed. Lavni bunks it as fairy tale, and provokes the king to see it himself. The old King now with mixed feeling of embarrassment and anger climbs the tree with help of Chandresh. Being old and frail he is stuck on the tree while Chandresh and Lavni get in sexual embrace. He sees them in the act but is unable to climb down. When the king does manage to get down, The queen and Chandresh dress up and sit normally. The king orders the tree to be cut down, declaring it possessed.
3rd Story
Manjul(Shreyas Talpade) and Manjula(Raima Sen) are a seemingly perfect couple living in modern day Mumbai. Manjul is a prankster by nature who likes to take challenges. During a party, he claims that he can take up disguise and change his mannerism that even those close to him cannot recognize it. To prove his point he plans a prank. He tells his wife that he is working in office, and his old client shall be coming home for dinner. His career depends on this so she must treat the boss well. Manjula unaware of it welcomes the boss(manjul in disguise as an old man). Serves him food (the dishes told by Manjul which he said the boss loves). The boss makes sexual advances towards her and Manjula gets upset and locks herself in the bathroom telling the boss to leave. Manjul then reveals his prank and Manjula comes out. Manjul later asks her jokingly that she did not please the boss despite the career opportunity in return, to which Manjula jokes that who would fall for an old haggard man.
This puts another plan in the mind of Manjul. After a few months he claims he is going out of town for work. He disguises himself again as Mark(this time as a dark complexioned young south Indian man) claiming to be a college time friend of Manjul. He befriends Manjula, winning her trust. He does everything Manjula complains that Manjul does not employ, while also boasting how he was better than Manjul in every aspect. Manjula unaware of it just laughs it out. This goes on for two days. Mark(Manjul) finally approaches Manjula claiming that she deserves better to which Manjula refuses saying that he might be better but he is not the one. On this Manjul reveals his identity. Manjula gets upset saying that Manul is trying to test her love, and he does not have faith in her. This causes a rift between them, and their relationship is estranged.
One year later, the couple has a really strained relationship, they do not talk to each other. Manjul has become a workaholic, while Manjula tries to seek solace in Art. One day in an art gallery she meets a painter(Arunoday Singh) who praises her beauty and offers to make her the model of his paintings. After a conversation of arts Manjula accepts his offer and over the course of time they come close.
Manjula now has an affair with the painter. One day when Manjul is leaving for the Airport to attend a meeting, Manjula calls the painter home. They are in bed when Manjul suddenly finds that he has forgotten his tickets, he returns home, and quietly enters the house(it was late night, not to wake her up). He is shocked to find Manjula in bed with another man to which Manjula blatantly replies "I thought it is you again in a disguise."
ANOTHER INTERPRETATION:- another member states to Wikipedia that, 2nd story is written wrongly above. Manjul's boss tells him about his wife cheated him. Manjul discussed this with his Drama Theater friend, that whether his beautiful have no cheating habit. Said friend encourages him to change his appearance saying, during School days Manjul had been best in Mono-act etc. Thereafter, Manjul takes two deceptive dresses and finally when she cheats him, eventhough she could hear Manjul coming inside the flat, did not conceal her paramour; but when Manjul entered the bed room, she tells him: "I was thinking that, it is yourself and like that day we were playing the same jovial game". It is about the suspicious man how creates enmity in the mind of the wife to let her cheat on him. Similar psychology can be found in Malayalam Movie of 1965, the Chemmin, in which the character Palani was suspicious of the character Karuthamma his wife about her childhood friend which is played by film star Madhu; and in the end she tells that she want the childhood friend, in a hysteriac face.
Story 4
Asu Hotmal(Boman Irani) says good bye to his wife Anita(Konkana Sen) who is not happy that her husband has to go out of town again and again for business. On the way Asu chit chats with the cab driver why is regretting that he got married and bachelors have more fun. He reaches a hotel where he asks the butler for a hooker. The hooker arrives dressed in a Burka. Asu offers her drink and food, the hooker reveals herself as Anita. She angrily says why he felt the need to seek another woman and that she saw him enter the hotel. She locks herself in the bathroom where she calls her pimp, telling him he has accidentally set her up with her own husband. Asu begs her not to tell anyone and that he will not do this again. Anita, in the bathroom puts Glycerine in her eyes to make tears and comes out crying. Asu falls to his knees begging that he made a mistake and shall do anything. Anita forgives him and they hug. 
Anita asks Asu how much did he pay for "the service"
Asu replies 20'000.
Anita coldly says she wants jewelery worth 200'000, to which Asu complies immediately.
The producer Nitin, who was enjoying the stories seems visibly upset after the fourth one. He quickly walks out of office and tells maanav that he shall call him about it. He angrily reaches home and it is revealed during an argument with his wife Seema(Tisca Chopra) that he had been in a similar situation just like the fourth story. He asks Seema what is the truth, to which Seema replies that it is for him to decide. Nitin then hugs his wife, realizing it is better not to dig up past grudges as it will ruin their relationship.
Ruchi in the last scene informs Maanav that the producer has approved his story and they celebrate.
Reception.
Upon release, "Mirch" received mixed reviews from film critics.
Filmfare gave the movie a four star rating stating "Mirch" is a good showcase for the yet undermined talent of its lead actors. While the women are on top, the movie is a little ho hum like missionary.
Popular film critics Taran Adarsh puts it this way in his review, “"Mirch" has two stories in the first half (great) and two stories in the second (disappointing), while the fifth one, which binds all the earlier tales, is a downer as well. Eventually, it falls short of expectations!” He added, “Mirch blends the serious issue of gender equality with the comic flavour of the film well, at least in the first half. But it's the post-interval portions that act as a downer and in turn, makes this "Mirch" not as spicy.”
Rajeev Masand of CNN IBN gave it a two and a half star rating explaining "a stronger male lead and some tighter editing might have turned this into a crackling film. As it stands now, it's as appetizing as a half-cooked meal!", and praising the performances by the lead actresses Raima Sen and Konkona Sen Sharma as sexually liberated women.
Anupama Chopra of NDTV, feels that the director has failed to depict the good theme well. “ "Mirch" is a sexy idea that doesn’t quite come to fruition, she wrote. “Despite some good moments and smart writing, "Mirch" isn’t the spicy romp it could’ve been. I’m going with two and a half stars,” she added.
Soundtrack.
The film's songs and film score were composed by Monty Sharma, who had worked on Sanjay Leela Bhansali's previous film Saawariya. The lyrics are penned by Javed Akhtar. The soundtrack is getting positive reviews from critics.

</doc>
<doc id="20384073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384073" title="Voyle Gilmore">
Voyle Gilmore

Voyle Gilmore (June 14, 1912 – December 19, 1979) was an American record producer and arranger. He was best known for his work with Frank Sinatra and The Kingston Trio on Capitol Records. Gilmore also worked with Judy Garland, Dick Dale, Dean Martin, The Four Preps and The Four Freshmen.
Gilmore was the producer of the original live tapes used on "The Beatles at the Hollywood Bowl".

</doc>
<doc id="20384098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384098" title="Rudolph Friedrich Hohenacker">
Rudolph Friedrich Hohenacker

Rudolph Friedrich Hohenacker (1798 - November 14, 1874) was a Swiss-German missionary and botanist born in Zürich.
In the 1820s he was assigned to the Swabian colony of Helenendorf in the Transcaucasus, where he served as a doctor and missionary. Eventually, his main focus involved collecting plants from the region. In 1841 he returned to Switzerland, where he took up residence in Basel. Shortly afterwards he relocated to Esslingen, Germany (1842-1858), and in 1858 moved to the town of Kirchheim unter Teck.
Following his return from the Transcaucasus, Hohenacker earned his living selling exsiccatae based on specimens of other collectors. He was the author of "Enumeratio Plantarum quas in itinere per provinciam Talysch collegit".
In 1836 the botanical genus "Hohenackeria" (family Apiaceae) was named in his honor by Carl Anton von Meyer and Friedrich Ernst Ludwig von Fischer.

</doc>
<doc id="20384108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384108" title="Sebastianus (magister militum)">
Sebastianus (magister militum)

Sebastianus (died before 445 or in 450) was a general of the Western Roman Empire, son-in-law of Bonifacius.
A good soldier and advisor, and an orthodox Catholic, Sebastianus was son-in-law of the powerful Bonifacius, "comes Africae" in 420s, nominated "magister militum praesentalis" and patrician by the Empress Galla Placidia in 432. The elevation of Bonifacius disturbed another influential general of the empire, the "magister militum praesentalis" Flavius Aetius, who had fought and won several campaigns in Gaul; fearing that the promotion of Bonifacius to such an elevated rank (Aetius was not a patrician) would have brought his own dismissal, Aetius took the initiative and attacked Bonifacius, who won the Battle of Ravenna (432) but died for the wounds received.
Sebastianus took the office previously kept by his father-in-law. In the meantime, Aetius fled first to his country estates, then to Rome and, through Dalmatia and Pannonia, reached the Huns, who were his friends (Aetius had spent some years, as a boy, at the Hunnic court as a hostage). 
When, in 433, Aetius entered Italy with a large Hunnic army, it was clear who was to win the encounter: Sebastianus was deposed and fled to Constantinople, seeking refuge at the Eastern court. Here he obtained the support of influential members of the court; he allowed his supporters to start remunerative pirate activities in Hellespont and Propontis.
In 444, as result of some plots, he was obliged to flee the Eastern court; he reached the Visigothic court of Theodoric I and, from there, he went to Barcelona. Being declared a public enemy by the Romans, he decided to pass from Spain to Africa, where he was welcomed by the Vandal king Geiseric, who, at the beginning, kept Sebastianus as advisor, but later put him to death (450).
A different timeline of the events puts his departure from Constantinople in 435, his arrival in Africa in 440 and his death before 445.

</doc>
<doc id="20384125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384125" title="Overnight policy rate">
Overnight policy rate

The overnight policy rate is an overnight interest rate set by Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) used for monetary policy direction. It is the target rate for the day-to-day liquidity operations of the BNM. The overnight policy rate (OPR) is the interest rate at which a depository institution lends immediately available funds (balances within the central bank) to another depository institution overnight. This is an efficient method for banks around the world to practice 'Accessing short-term financing' from the central bank depositories. The interest rate of the OPR is influenced by the central bank, where it is a good predictor for the movement of short-term interest rates.
In Malaysia, changes in the OPR trigger a chain of events that affect the base lending rate (BLR), short-term interest rates, fixed deposit rate, foreign exchange rates, long-term interest rates, the amount of money and credit, and, ultimately, a range of economic variables, including employment, output, and prices of goods and services which is the micro and macro factors on the economic. The BLR is usually adjusted at the time in correlation to the adjustments of the OPR which is determine by Bank Negara Malaysia during one its monetary policy meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="20384141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384141" title="NKY">
NKY

NKY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20384160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384160" title="Solo Live (David Murray album)">
Solo Live (David Murray album)

Solo Live is an album of unaccompanied saxophone and clarinet solos by David Murray recorded live on May 30, 1980 in Nyon, Switzerland. Originally released on the Cecma label as two separate LPs it was rereleased as a single CD in 1997.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "Murray, who doubles here on bass clarinet, tears into five of his originals (best known are "Sweet Lovely" and "Flowers for Albert"). The improvising is quite free, exploratory, and sometimes violent, although there are a few strong melodies".

</doc>
<doc id="20384173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384173" title="Scott Knaster">
Scott Knaster

Scott Knaster is an American technical writer who has written many books, mostly dealing with Macintosh programming and using the Macintosh. He has worked for such companies as Apple Inc., General Magic, Microsoft, Danger Inc., and Google. 
Knaster is the editor of the Google Developers Blog (formerly Google Code Blog).
Knaster's first books on Macintosh programming in the late 1980s and early 1990s were considered required reading for Macintosh programmers for many years.
In addition to writing books, Knaster writes for several periodicals and web sites including Macworld, MacTech, and O'Reilly Media's Mac Dev Center.
Knaster is a regular speaker at Macworld Expo, MacHack (until it ended), and sits on the panel of Apple's Stump the Experts. Knaster appeared on the October 14, 2010 episode of John Wants Answers to discuss baseball.
List of books written by Scott Knaster.
Knaster was also the series editor for Addison-Wesley’s "Macintosh Inside Out", a collection of 19 technical books published over a 3-year period in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20384183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384183" title="La Veille">
La Veille

La Veille, or La Veille Place, is a historic home located at Mutual, Calvert County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story gambrel-roofed brick house, of Flemish bond construction. A number of early-19th-century outbuildings include: a log corn crib, three barns (one of which still houses its 19th-century tobacco prise equipment), several small sheds, and a frame house that was created by the joining together of two 18th-century log slave quarters. Between the "Quarters" and the main house is the La Veille family cemetery, enclosed within an elaborate late-19th-century wrought iron fence.
La Veille was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20384343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384343" title="Linden (Prince Frederick, Maryland)">
Linden (Prince Frederick, Maryland)

Linden is a historic home located at Prince Frederick, Calvert County, Maryland. It is a two-story frame house, conservatively Italianate in style built about 1868, with conservative Colonial Revival additions of about 1907. Behind the house are ten standing outbuildings, seven dating to the 19th century, three of which are of log construction. It is home to the Calvert County Historical Society.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20384351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384351" title="Toad (album)">
Toad (album)

Toad is the eponymous debut album by the Switzerland rock band of the same name. It was engineered by legendary British producer Martin Birch. After the recording finished, singer Benjamin Jaeger left the group and was not replaced.

</doc>
<doc id="20384362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384362" title="Jociel Ferreira da Silva">
Jociel Ferreira da Silva

Jociel Ferreira da Silva, shortly Ciel (born March 31, 1982) is a Brazilian football player who plays for Al Shabab Al Arabi Club in the United Arab Emirates.
Clubs.
His previous club was Busan I'Park in South Korea, Ceará, Icasa, Salgueiro, América de Natal, Santa Cruz, Fluminense and Al Shabab Al Arabi Club .

</doc>
<doc id="20384434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384434" title="Ed Tapscott">
Ed Tapscott

Ed Tapscott is the former interim head coach of the NBA's Washington Wizards.
Coaching.
Tapscott received his bachelor's degree from Tufts University and his Juris Doctor (J.D.) from American University Washington College of Law. He was an assistant to Gary Williams at American University in the 1970s while a law student, and took over head coaching duties in 1982. By the time Tapscott left American in 1990 to finally use his J.D. as director of team sports for Advantage International (a sports marketing and management firm), he was the coach with the 2nd highest winning percentage. 
He subsequently led the team to one of the program's biggest victories. On December 15, 1982, in his fifth game as coach Tapscott guided the Eagles to a 62-61 upset over its cross-town rival Georgetown who were led by Patrick Ewing and ranked fifth in the nation. The game is also notable because the Washington Cardiovascular Institute had given the coach a portable heart monitor to wear during the game, with his heart rate jumping from a pregame rate of 68 to 130 to 170 in the second half. Tapscott almost scored another upset over a highly ranked Georgetown four years later but the Reggie Williams-led Hoyas held on 62-59 and Coach John Thompson dropped American University from its schedule thereafter. 
An NBA executive level professional for years, Tapscott was the first employee hired to lead the Charlotte Bobcats as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, but resigned after serving as President and Chief Executive Officer in 2006.
Tapscott formerly worked in the New York Knicks’ front office, including a stint as interim president and general manager. He’s perhaps best remembered in New York for the 1999 drafting of French center Frederic Weis who never played a game in the NBA, but much less credited for formulating the New York Knicks team, which culminated its season in the 1999 NBA Finals.
On November 24, 2008, Tapscott, at that time director of player development, was named as interim head coach, replacing Eddie Jordan after a dismal 1–10 start during the season. General manager of the Wizards, Ernie Grunfeld, stated that Tapscott will run the team for the rest of the season.
Tapscott made his professional coaching debut against the Golden State Warriors on November 25, 2008, a game which resulted in a win. Under Tapscott, the Wizards accrued an 18-53 record in the 2008-2009 season.
After Flip Saunders was hired as coach of the Wizards, Tapscott returned to his position as the team's Director of Player Development.

</doc>
<doc id="20384440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384440" title="Joseph D. Lyons House">
Joseph D. Lyons House

The Joseph D. Lyons House is a historic home in Sunderland, Calvert County, Maryland, United States that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is privately owned and not open to the public.
It is a large, two-story frame structure with a hip roof and full-width front and rear porches. The house is five bays in width, front and back, and four in depth on both sides, with all of the openings evenly spaced and precisely aligned at both floor levels. It was completed in 1924, and built in Colonial Revival-style by a local contracting firm known as Lyons, Gibson & Company who were responsible for many of Calvert County's more important early-20th century public buildings and private residences. A number of agricultural buildings contemporary with the house survive, including a garage, several sheds, and a sprawling, multi-use bank barn.
The Joseph D. Lyons House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20384446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384446" title="Sex, Drugs &amp; Rock 'n' Roll">
Sex, Drugs &amp; Rock 'n' Roll

"Sex, Drugs & Rock 'n' Roll" is the third album by American heavy metal band the Mentors.
Tracks 1 to 9 were recorded in Seattle in the late '70s.

</doc>
<doc id="20384487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384487" title="Eleonora and Ethel Olson">
Eleonora and Ethel Olson

Between 1905 and 1925 Eleonora and Ethel Olson were well-known figures in Scandinavian communities throughout the United States. They toured extensively in the Midwest, and their recordings on major record labels gained them a nationwide following. 
Norwegian-American entertainers.
The Olson Sisters were versatile performers, adept at both singing and comedy. They usually worked with a piano accompanist and presented a program of vocal works, piano solos, and comic monologues. Eleonora, a contralto, was the primary vocalist, and Ethel, a soprano, joined her for duets. Their musical repertoire ranged from recital pieces and folk songs to parlor songs and gospel hymns.
Ironically, the sisters' fame rested less on their serious musical ability than on their original Norwegian dialect stories. "Isn't it funny vit people here in America," says the woman in "Mabel’s Wedding", "dey don't talk Norvegian and dey don't talk English."
Eleonora and Ethel, whose parents were from Norway, portrayed the immigrant's difficulty in adapting to American life. Their story "At The Movies" touches on homesickness for the Old Country while "The Baseball Game" recounts a Norwegian woman's misadventures with the national pastime. The humor in the stories rings true because the Olson Sisters knew their subject firsthand — whether it be a meeting of the ladies' aid, a piano lesson, or a scene witnessed on a train. In "The Old Sogning Woman" Eleonora used the dialect of her mother's birthplace. Ethel, a native of the Logan Square neighborhood in Chicago, set her monologue "The New Bookcase" in a store on Milwaukee Avenue, one of the area's busiest commercial streets, while mentioning the locally published "Skandinaven". 
A magazine article from 1924 relates how Ethel drew upon an incident in real life for her sketch "A Norwegian Woman At The Telephone": "One day as a little girl Ethel visited an ice cream parlor. While there her attention was attracted to a woman who had been called to the telephone for the first time in her life. This experience occasioned considerable fright, and a very humorous conversation ensued. A couple of weeks later Ethel was performing before a large gathering in Orchestra Hall; being called upon for an encore, she gave the story." 
The same article says of Eleonora: "It is somewhat surprising that Eleonora Olson, who speaks so many different dialects of Norway, was born in Chicago and has never been abroad. Norwegians say that her enunciation and articulation are just the same as a native's.
While on tour the Olson Sisters appeared in small town opera houses, civic halls, churches, and college auditoriums. In the summer, when warm weather made these facilities unusable, they performed in the big brown tents of the traveling Chautauqua. Eleonora and Ethel were perennial favorites with the Chautauqua's rural audiences; in 1915, for instance, they were booked for the entire summer season on the circuit.
An article from that same year in "Sanger-Hilsen" comments on their popularity: "Among the many troupes that visit us out here in the West, Eleonora Olson's takes a leading place. While the others cease operation after one or two seasons, these three ladies return invariably year after year, and one new city after the other is added to their tour. And this is as it should be; for they bring with them much "joie de vivre"." The article praises the musical talent of the sisters and their accompanist, and of Ethel it says: "Her Norwegian dialect stories can make even the most stiff-necked pessimist crumple with laughter." 
The Olson Sisters had many important friends. Among them were the painter Herbjørn Gausta, U.S. Senator Henrik Shipstead and his wife and such leading families of the church as the Preuses, the Stubs, and the Korens. Their friend Annette Yde Lake was the mother of actress Ann Sothern. After a performance on the road Eleonora and Ethel were often the overnight guests of prominent local citizens.
During their peak touring years the Olson Sisters, who then lived in Chicago, had a home away from home at Mrs. Dikka Koren's boarding house in Minneapolis. Other notable Norwegian-Americans also stayed there such as J. A. O. Preus, who was a future governor of Minnesota, and Herbjørn Gausta. Agnes Preus, Mrs. Koren's niece, recalls that the boarders were a convivial group: "At the dinner table there were stories all the time. I can remember it was hard to eat a meal because we spent so much time laughing." 
Musical roots.
Eleonora and Ethel came from a musical family. Their brother, Jacob Alexander Bing, sang for many years with light opera companies. Their mother, Johanna, also had a fine singing voice, and the "Minneapolis Daglig Tidende" credited her with having instilled a love of music in her children. A witty and charming person, Johanna undoubtedly contributed to her daughters' sense of humor as well.
Eleonora Olson (1870-1946) was considerably older than her sister and had been performing for several years before starting her own company in 1909. The Eleonora Olson Concert Trio consisted of Eleonora, Ethel and their piano accompanist Alice R. Walden. 
Although she had been a child prodigy, Eleonora did not become a full-time professional singer until in her thirties. She attended Chicago Musical College for two years, but a lack of funds prevented her from continuing her musical training. A 1902 article in the St. Paul newspaper "Nordvesten" says this about Eleonora: "That she can sing what she sings, in the manner which she does, with only those opportunities she has had, is the best proof of her more than usual gifts . . . Until now she has unfortunately had to give up the thought of devoting herself completely to her art . . . She herself says that she has had to struggle for everything she has become."
In 1905 Eleonora joined the Skovgaard Concert Company, and for the next twenty years she actively pursued a musical career. She was frequently a guest soloist with choirs, glee clubs, and choruses and sang both sacred and secular music. 
Ethel (1885-1943) also showed early promise and started her career as a reader (actress) at the age of five. She was an accomplished pianist and won a number of musical scholarships. As an adult, however, her greatest acclaim was as a comedienne.
Luther concert a grand success (excerpt).
"The benefit concert for Luther hospital held last night at Fournier’s Academy was without exaggeration one of the most delightful and enjoyable entertainments ever given in this city. There was an immense attendance, the largest probably ever held in that hall. Nine hundred tickets were sold and it looked as if the purchasers were all present. Every seat on the floor was filled, also the gallery and even the stairways.
Miss Eleonora Olson then ascended the platform and gave a vocal solo in magnificent style accompanied by Mrs. William Danforth. Miss Olson is a stately lady with a fine presence. She has a strong, brilliant mezzo soprano voice with a quality of freshness in it which greatly enhances the charm of her singing. Her vocal methods are most artistic. Her voice has the rare combination of richness and brilliance. It is a voice of wide range and even development, and her delivery is excellent. She sings with intelligence, grasping the meaning and the spirit of the song and expressing it with spontaneity. She well deserved the storming applause that followed her solo and gracefully acceded to the loud demand for an encore.
Miss Ethel Olson followed in her clever and wonderful impersonation. No mere words can do justice to this charming and talented lady and the pen can only exhaust itself in superlatives. Miss Olson is an artist in her line of work. She is the most clever and remarkable impersonator that ever appeared before an Eau Claire audience. She made a tremendous hit. Encore followed encore. The people applauded as if she had just come down from the heavenly choir. She possesses a rich dramatic voice and a charming personality. She exceeds all other impersonators that ever appeared here just as the brilliancy of the sun exceeds the twinkling of the stars."
Recording artists.
For nearly two decades the Olson Sisters entertained Chautauqua and Lyceum audiences with a combination of music and comedy. Although their material included Norwegian songs and stories, their programs were typically aimed at mainstream audiences. Ethel might, for instance, sing "Home, Sweet Home" or recite "An Old Sweetheart Of Mine" by James Whitcomb Riley. 
Things changed when Eleonora and Ethel began making records. On Victor, Edison, Brunswick and Columbia Records they were marketed as Norwegian-American artists and their comic monologues emphasized. Between 1918 and 1923 the sisters recorded sixteen sides as vocalists and thirty-five sides as speakers. Many titles appeared on more than one record label. "The Old Sogning Woman" and "Mabel's Wedding" were each released as two sides of a 78 rpm disc.
In 1920 Ethel Olson recorded two monologues for Edison Records that were paired with stories by the famed humorist Cal Stewart. "The Chautauqua At Punkin Center" by Stewart was backed by Ethel's "Laughing Girl Has Her Picture Took". "Uncle Josh And The Sailor" by Stewart was backed by Ethel's "The Larson Kids Go Bathing". 
Eleonora Olson recorded "A Perfect Day" for Edison Records in 1920. She also recorded Norwegian versions of three popular hymns for Victor: "Bliv Hos Mig, Mester" (Abide With Me), "Jeg Trænger Dig Hver Stund" (I Need Thee Every Hour) and "Engang Min Livstraad Briste Skal" (Saved By Grace).
Later years.
Eleonora and Ethel Olson were originally from Chicago, but by the 1920s they and their mother were living in Minneapolis. They stopped touring in 1923 when Ethel married Dr. Reuben M. Pederson. 
In 1925 the Olson Sisters published a collection of their Norwegian dialect stories called "Yust for Fun". A second edition was printed in 1929. The book had two illustrations that appear to be the work of their friend Herbjørn Gausta. "Yust for Fun" was republished in 1979 with a new introduction, photographs and biographical information. 
Papers including news clippings and published items, programs, recording agreements and photographs of Eleonora and Ethel Olson are available for research at The Minnesota Historical Society. The MHS Library has the 1925, 1929 and 1979 editions of "Yust for Fun" as well as nine 78 rpm discs recorded by the Olson Sisters. A review of the 1979 edition of "Yust for Fun" appeared in the Spring 1980 issue of "Minnesota History" magazine.
The Snoose Boulevard Festival.
The Snoose Boulevard Festival was held in the Cedar-Riverside neighborhood of Minneapolis from 1972 through 1977. In the late 19th century Cedar Avenue became known as “Snoose Boulevard”, a nickname often given to the main street in Scandinavian communities. The term derived from the residents’ fondness for "snus" (snuff), an inexpensive form of tobacco. The event, which celebrated the area’s Scandinavian past, featured the music, food, and arts of the immigrants who had once lived there. It also highlighted the careers of Olle i Skratthult (Hjalmar Peterson), Slim Jim and the Vagabond Kid (Ernest and Clarence Iverson) and the Olson Sisters (Eleonora and Ethel Olson).
The headline performer was the Swedish-born singer Anne-Charlotte Harvey. In conjunction with the festival she recorded three albums of folk tunes, emigrant ballads, hymns, waltzes and comic songs. The annual celebration and the recordings were sponsored by the non-profit Olle i Skratthult Project, whose director was the renowned ethnomusicologist Maury Bernstein. Although Harvey didn't record anything from the Olson Sisters' repertoire, she did perform "Mabel’s Wedding" in concert.
External links.
Historic American Newspapers
Photos
Drawing by Herbjørn Gausta
Drawings attributed to Herbjørn Gausta
Snoose Boulevard articles 
Snoose Boulevard photos at the Minnesota Historical Society
Discographies
Skovgaard Concert Company 1905-1907
Streaming audio at the Library of Congress
Streaming audio at Gustavus Adolphus College
Streaming audio at the Internet Archive
PDF files
Lyrics and prose
Sheet music

</doc>
<doc id="20384490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384490" title="Bhojpuri Film Award">
Bhojpuri Film Award

The Bhojpuri Film Award is a yearly film award which celebrates best of Bhojpuri Films.
5th Bhojpuri Films Award.
Best Publicity Designer Creative Art -Ashok Mehta Dahakela Jiara Hamar
Best Art Director Samir Aapan Mati Aapan Desh,
Best Action Director Riyaz Sultan Aapan Mati Aapan Desh
Best Cinematographer Akram Khan Bhoomiputra
Best Editor JituDiwaana
National Integration Bhoomiputra M. Khan
Best Debut Subhi Sharma [Chhalani Ke Chhalal Dulha
Best Debut Ashish Gupta [Umaria Kaili Tohare Naam
Best Supporting Bandani Mishra [Diwaana
Best Supporting Sudesh Bedi [Aapan Mati Aaapan Desh
Best Item Dance Sima Singh Tohar Naikhe Kauno Jod Tu Bejod Badu Ho Aaglage Mod Es Jawani Men
Best Choreographer Rikki Gupta Naikhe Kauno Jod Tu Bejod Badu Ho “Aaglage Mod Es Jawani Men”,
Best Story S.K. Chauhan Mati Aapan Desh
Best Screenplay Aslam Shekh 
Best Dialogue Heri Fernandish 
Best Lyricist Vinay Bihari Kaili Tohare Naam “Tan Ganga man prem ki”
Best Singer Mangeshkar [Umaria Kaili Tohare Naam “Tan Ganga man prem ki”,
Best Singer Udit Narayan [Umaria Kaili Tohre Naam “Phool ban ke chaman men”,
Best Music Ram Laxman Kaili Tohare Naam “Tan Ganga man prem ki”,
Best Comedian Mustaq Khan 
Best Negative Rani Singh [Sajana Sajaida Mang
Best Negative Awadhesh Mishra [Odania Kamal Kade
Best Film Pariwaar Sinha & Ajay Sinha
Best Director Aslam Shekh 
Best Actress Pakhi Hegde
Best Actor Ravi Kishan 
Vishwanath Prasad Shahabadi Lifetime Achievement Award Jaishree T
Bhagavati Prasad Gupta Special Awards Durga Prasad
Juri Mention Award Pradeep Pandey 
See also.
Best Singer(male)-Kumar Sanu(sapanma mein tohra se)

</doc>
<doc id="20384501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384501" title="Whipnose angler">
Whipnose angler

The Whipnose anglers, Gigantactinidae, are a family of deep-sea anglerfishes. The family name is derived from the Greek words ""gigas"", meaning "big", and ""aktis"", meaning "ray". They are distinguished by the presence of a remarkably long lure (the illicium), which may be longer than the body of the fish.
Information.
The Whipnose angler females are easily recognizable due to the fact that they have an elongated shape to them along with small head. Their illicium has a length that is an average of one to four times the size of a standard length. The family of the Whipnose includes 22 species in two genera. Just like the other ceratioid groups, the Whipnose angler has little known about their ecology, but it is known that this species lives a benthic lifestyle while possibly swimming upside down while it is foraging. They tend to drift motionless to lure in their prey. 
Location.
The Whipsone angler can be found in all three major oceans. The north-most location of the females has been recorded by southern Greenland while the south-most location was recorded at 50°S in the Atlantic sector of the Southern Ocean. The species may possibly be one of the deepest-living ceratoid at maximum depths exceeding 1000 m.

</doc>
<doc id="20384553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384553" title="William F. Kirk">
William F. Kirk

William F. Kirk (1877 - 1927) was an American poet, songwriter, humorist and baseball writer.
Career.
A longtime newspaperman, Kirk got his start at press outlets in Chippewa Falls and Milwaukee. In 1905 he signed a contract with the Hearst organization and moved to New York, where he was employed at two of William Randolph Hearst's papers: the "New York American" and the "New York Evening Journal". After returning to Chippewa Falls in 1918, he continued working as a nationally syndicated columnist.
Although born in Mankato, Kirk spent most of his childhood in Chippewa Falls. He graduated from high school there and began his career in journalism on a local paper. His humor column, “Fleeting Fancies”, was a popular feature in the "Chippewa Falls Herald" and later in the "Milwaukee Sentinel". It brought him to the attention of metropolitan dailies and was the name of his first book, published in 1904. Kirk's lyrics drew comparisons with those of other poets, whose work he sometimes parodied: Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Eugene Field and James Whitcomb Riley.
For eighteen years Kirk was distributed by the International Features Syndicate and reached a national audience as he wrote on subjects as diverse as baseball, temperance, women's suffrage and divorce. His pieces were seen in everything from "The Smart Set" to trade union publications. He was widely known for the features "Little Bobbie's Pa" and "The Manicure Lady". 
Recent works on baseball's deadball era have had numerous examples of Kirk’s sports writing. One can, for instance, read his account of Fred Merkle's infamous blunder or his rhyming tribute to the Flying Dutchman, Honus Wagner. "The Unforgettable Season" by Gordon H. Fleming recounts the 1908 National League pennant race through contemporary press coverage by Kirk and others. In 1911 Kirk published a collection of baseball ballads called "Right Off The Bat".
Later years.
In 1918 Kirk moved back to Chippewa Falls, desiring to live among old friends and familiar surroundings. He belonged to several fraternal organizations and was a prominent figure in the town.
Failing health caused his early retirement, and after an illness of many months he died of cancer in 1927.
The Norsk Nightingale.
William F. Kirk is especially remembered for his Scandinavian dialect poetry, written for a daily column and later published in book form. His byline, “The Norsk Nightingale”, was a familiar sight in newspapers across the country. His first collection of dialect verse, "The Norsk Nightingale", presented a Norwegian lumberjack from the Upper Midwest. It was his most popular book with sixteen editions printed over a period of thirty-five years. At the time of its publication one reviewer wrote: “Novelty and freshness, and no little ingenuity as a parodist, salute us in this volume of dialect verse hailing from the haunts of the lumberjack or, more locally, northern Wisconsin and Minnesota, where dwell so many neo-Americans of Scandinavian birth.” 
His second volume of dialect verse, "Songs of Sergeant Swanson", reflected the experiences of a Swedish doughboy in World War I. A book of more limited appeal, it only had one edition.
Scandinavian dialect humor.
Kirk's ethnic poetry put forth the notion that Scandinavian-Americans were good-natured but a little slow. This humorous stereotype had been employed in the 1890s by the playwright Gus Heege in such theatrical works as “Ole Olson” and “Yon Yonson”.
Scandinavian dialect humor took other forms: vaudeville sketches, joke books, movies, records and sheet music. In quick succession Tin Pan Alley published “Hello Wisconsin”, “Holy Yumpin Yiminy” and “Scandinavia" (Sing Dose Song And Make Dose Music). The popular recording artists Eleonora and Ethel Olson were known for their warm depictions of immigrant life in such stories as “The Old Sogning Woman” and “A Norwegian Woman Using the Telephone”.
El Brendel, Yogi Yorgesson, Stan Boreson and countless others have followed in Kirk’s footsteps, and there is still a receptive audience — especially among Scandinavian-Americans — for tales of lumberjacks and sergeants with more heart than brain.
External links.
Historic American Newspapers
Articles and photos
'"Books by William F. Kirk
The Norsk Nightingale
Discographies
Kirk sheet music
Other sheet music 
William F. Kirk lyrics and parodies at the Internet Archive
Streaming audio at the Library of Congress
Streaming audio at LibriVox
Streaming audio at the Internet Archive
Scandinavian dialect performer

</doc>
<doc id="20384555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384555" title="Weld nut">
Weld nut

A weld nut is a special type of nut specifically designed to be welded to another object. There are various types for different applications.
Types.
These nuts have a long threaded cylinder with a large circular base to make welding easy. They also sometimes have projections (known as weld nibs or bosses) to keep the nut from warping while welding with a high current.
These are very similar to the round base nuts, but with an obround, or slab shaped, base. These are used in channels, tubes, or other tight quarters.
Tab base nuts are designed for spot welding on flat workpieces. They have a locating boss around the threads to locate it in a pilot hole.
These nuts are very similar to standard square or hex nuts, but have a locating boss and welding projections. The bosses also keep weld splatter out of the threads.
Retainer weld nuts, also known as bridge weld nuts, have a floating nut retained inside a retainer to compensate for inconsistencies. The retainer is welded to the workpiece while the nut is allowed to float.
Tube end nuts are sized to fit into the end of standard sized tubing, thus creating a threaded tube from standard stock.

</doc>
<doc id="20384560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20384560" title="2009 Pacific typhoon season">
2009 Pacific typhoon season

The 2009 Pacific typhoon season was the period that tropical cyclones formed in the Western Pacific Ocean. The season ran throughout the year during 2009, with most tropical cyclones forming between May and November. The scope of this article is limited to the Pacific Ocean, north of the equator between 100°E and the International Date Line. Tropical storms that form in the entire Western Pacific basin are assigned a name by the Japan Meteorological Agency. Tropical depressions that form in this basin are given a number with a "W" suffix by the United States' Joint Typhoon Warning Center. In addition, the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) assigns names to tropical cyclones (including tropical depressions) that enter or form in the Philippine area of responsibility. These names, however, are not in common use outside of the Philippines.
During the season, 39 Tropical depressions developed within the Western Pacific, whilst 2 formed outside the region before moving into the Western Pacific.
__TOC__
Seasonal forecasts.
During each season, several national meteorological services and scientific agencies forecast how many tropical cyclones, tropical storms, and typhoons will form during a season and/or how many tropical cyclones will affect a particular country. These agencies include the Tropical Storm Risk (TSR) Consortium of the University College London, Guy Carpenter Asia-Pacific Climate Impact Centre of the City University of Hong Kong (GCACIC) and Taiwan's Central Weather Bureau.
On January 4, PAGASA reported that they were expecting 19 or less tropical cyclones to affect the Philippines during 2009. During March, the TSR Consortium released their first forecast of the season and predicted that activity within the basin would be about 20% below normal with 25.6 tropical storms, 16 typhoons and 6.7 intense typhoons and an ACE index of around 247. Later that month the Hong Kong Observatory, predicted that the typhoon season in Hong Kong would be near normal with five to six tropical cyclones passing within of the territory compared to an average of 6. During April, the GCACIC issued its first seasonal forecast for the year and predicted that the season would see activity near its average with 31 tropical cyclones, 27 tropical storms, and 18 typhoons occurring during the season. The GCACIC also predicted that 4 tropical cyclones would make landfall on Southern China between April and August compared to an average of 3, they also predicted that no tropical cyclones would make landfall between August and December. On May 7, TSR increased its forecast to 27.5 tropical storms, 17.6 typhoons, 9.1 "intense" typhoons and an ACE index of about 311 units, after La Nina conditions weakened and confidence grew that La Nina conditions would not return during 2009. Later that month the Vietnamese National Center for Hydro Meteorological forecasts predicted that six or more tropical cyclones would affect Vietnam during 2009.
During June, the GCACIC reported that the total number of tropical cyclones had decreased from 31 to 30, and that the total number of typhoons had increased to 19, while there was no change to the number of tropical storms predicted to occur during the season. They also predicted that 3 tropical cyclones would make landfall on Southern China between July and December compared to an average of 4. On June 30, the Taiwan Central Weather Bureau predicted that the season would see activity near its average of 26.6, and predicted that between 24 - 27 tropical storms would occur over the Western Pacific. The Central Weather Bureau also predicted that of the 24-27 tropical storms forecast 3-5 of them would affect Taiwan. In their July and August forecasts TSR upped their prediction for the amount of intense typhoons by one to ten and eleven respectively, whilst predicting the same amount of tropical storms and typhoons. In July and August they also predicted that the season would now see activity about 20% above normal. After their initial prediction was surpassed by Tropical Depression Tino forming, PAGASA announced that they expecting two or three more cyclones to affect the Philippines, before the end of the year.
Storms.
Tropical Depression Auring.
Tropical Depression Auring formed as a tropical disturbance late on December 30, 2008, to the southeast of Manila in the Philippines. Over the next few days the disturbance gradually developed before early on January 3, both PAGASA and the JMA, reported that the disturbance had intensified into the first tropical depression of the season with PAGASA assigning the name Auring to the depression. As the Depression was moving into a high level of vertical wind shear, it did not develop any further and late on January 5 as the baroclinic zone approached Auring, it was downgraded to a low-pressure area by PAGASA before the JMA followed suit the next day as it was declared as dissipated by the JTWC.
Heavy rain from Auring produced severe flooding in the eastern Philippines. Two people were killed and nine others were left missing. A total of 305 homes were destroyed and another 610 were damaged. In addition, an estimated 53 hectares (130.9 acres) of rice and 3.5 hectares (8.6 acres) of corn were damaged. About 43,851 people were affected by the depression and damages were estimated at PHP , ( USD).
Tropical Depression Bising.
Early on February 12, PAGASA reported that a low-pressure area located about to the east of Surigao City in the Philippines had intensified into a tropical depression. During that day the depression gradually moved towards the west with its peak windspeeds estimated at 45 km/h (30 mph). Early the next morning after the depression had made landfall on Dinagat Island, PAGASA released its final advisory as the depression had weakened into an area of low pressure.
An estimated 473 passengers and several vehicles were stranded in Liloan and Ormoc due to ferry cancellations. In Cebu, an estimated 1,600 passengers were also stranded due to the depression. Late on February 13, the remnants of Bising brought scattered rainshowers across Southern Luzon, Bicol Region, and Visayas, then dissipated. The rainfall led to mudslides on Cebu Island which blocked the Cebu Transcentral Highway.
Tropical Depression Crising.
On April 29, the JTWC reported that an area of deep convection had persisted near the center of an elongated low-level circulation center, in area of low vertical windshear, about , to the west of Manila in the Philippines. Deep convective banding was curving into an eastern southern edges of the disturbance. During the day the disturbance gradually consolidated further under the influence of an anticyclone, as a result of this the JTWC issued a tropical cyclone formation alert on the system. Early the next morning PAGASA upgraded the disturbance to a tropical depression and named it as Crising as it reached its 10-minute peak windspeeds of 55 km/h (35 mph). Later that day the JTWC reported that Crising's low-level circulation center has weakened and was now poorly organized as it underwent a Fujiwhara effect with what was to become Typhoon Kujira (Dante). PAGASA kept issuing advisories on Crising until it weakened into a low-pressure area early on May 1.
Heavy rains produced by the outer bands of Crising caused flooding in western areas of the Philippines, affecting an estimated 2,500 people. The worst flooding occurred in Lucena City where ten villages were isolated. Areas along the Bucon and Inalmasinan Rivers were inundated and sustained significant crop losses. Several animals reportedly drowned in the region. Several roads were impassable due to landslides or were washed out by floodwaters. One bridge was destroyed in the town of Mercedes.
Typhoon Kujira (Dante).
Early on April 26, an area of disturbed weather formed near the coastline of Baler, capital of the Philippine's Aurora province. It was formerly a tail end of cold front that passed by Northern Luzon. JTWC assessed that the area of a disturbed weather potential of becoming developing into a significant Tropical Cyclone within 24 hours as "fair". However, on April 28, JTWC downgraded the disturbance as dissipating because of interaction with nearby middle Tropical Depression Crising and JMA Tropical Depression 03. A few days later, the disturbance moved south-westward, and late on April 30, the disturbance made landfall at Albay. On May 1, JTWC again upgraded the disturbance into having a potential to form into a significant Tropical Cyclone within 24 hours to "fair". And later that day, PAGASA classified the disturbance as a tropical depression, naming it "Dante" and issued public storm warning signal number one in the provinces of Camarines Norte, Camarines Sur, Albay, Sorsogon, Catanduanes, Masbate, Burias Island, and Southern Quezon. PAGASA also reported that Dante made landfall in the vicinity of Sorsogon within the Bicol region of the Philippines. Early on May 2, JTWC issued a TCFA as the depression was in an almost stationary position. Later that day, JMA classified Dante as a full depression. Early the next morning it became a tropical storm and was named Kujira. Kujira continued to strengthen and was upgraded to a severe tropical storm that afternoon.
When it was over the Philippines it killed 27 people while 9 others are missing. The JMA upgraded the system to a typhoon early on May 4. Kujira intensified quickly, doubling in strength from a Category 2 typhoon to a Category 4-equivalent typhoon within 24 hours. On May 6, The JTWC reported that Kujira was in its beginning stages of becoming extratropical, with the low-level circulation center almost fully exposed in association with increasing vertical wind shear and lower sea surface temperatures in the region. Late that, JMA downgraded Kujira to a Severe Tropical Storm as strong wind shear weakens the system. Then early on May 7, JTWC issued its last advisory on Kujira, already reporting it as an extratropical system. JMA continued to issue warnings on the system while at the same time it was downgraded to a tropical storm. Later on May 7, Kujira weakened further, becoming a fully extratropical cyclone .
While in the Philippine area of responsibility, Kujira caused some 625,709,464 worth of damage to crops and livestock in Albay, Camarines Norte, Masbate and Sorsogon. It also caused some 102 million pesos worth of damage to communal irrigation systems in the region. The NDCC update as of 6AM PST May 12 declared 28 dead, one missing and 5 injured. Further, 383,457 persons in 609 barangays of 60 municipalities and 4 cities in 5 provinces of Region V were affected by the storm. Damages are worth PhP 1,228,422,344 million or PhP1.228 billion of which PhP 625,709,464 are agricultural losses and PhP 529.525 million in infrastructural. Houses destroyed were at 2387, of which 138 were total and 2249 partial.
Tropical Depression.
Late on April 28, the JTWC reported that an area of disturbed weather had persisted in an area of low vertical windshear to the southeast of Yap. Deep convection was wrapping into a poorly organized but consolidating low-level circulation center. However over the next few days its low-level circulation center weakened with convection becoming very shallow and disorganised before it was declared as a Tropical depression on May 1 by the JMA. The JTWC then released a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert early the next day as the low-level circulation center had become well defined and convection increased with sea surface temperatures also becoming favourable for development. However the alert was cancelled later that day after the depression had peaked at 55 km/h (35 mph), as the low-level circulation center had started to move under the upper-level jet located to the north of the depression which had caused the vertical windshear over the system to increase. As a result of this the low-level circulation center began to detach from the convection and was losing its tropical characteristics and was predicted to become a very strong extratropical low. However the JMA continued to issue advisories on the depression until early on May 4, when they downgraded it to an extratropical low. The remnants of the depression continued to move north west until it nearly reached the jet stream and stalled there for 3 days. Late on May 7, the extratropical remnants of the Tropical Depression dissipated completely.
Typhoon Chan-hom (Emong).
On May 1, an area of convectional cloudiness associated with an area of disturbed weather formed southeast of Nha Trang, Vietnam and associated with a remnant of Tropical depression Crising to form a new stronger area of disturbed weather system. JTWC monitored the disturbance as "Fair" for developing due to low vertical wind shear and an upper-level anticyclone to the east of the system. Later on the JMA designated the low pressure as a minor tropical depression reporting the outlook track as southwestward. The JTWC issued a TCFA on the system once the convection increased and became better organized although with an exposed LLC east of its convection. Early morning of May 3, the JMA begun issuing tropical cyclone advisories on the system forecasting it to become a tropical storm later in the afternoon as it tracked eastwards. On May 3, the JTWC designated the disturbance as Tropical Depression 02W, and the JMA named the storm Chan-hom. Later on May 4, Chan-hom strengthened into a severe tropical storm. On May 6, the system moved into the Philippine Area of Responsibility from the west and was named as Emong. Later that day the JMA upgraded the severe tropical storm to a typhoon. On May 7, PAGASA reported that Chan-hom had made landfall at the northern tip of Bolinao, Pangasinan. After traversing Pangasinan it lashed La Union, Ilocos Sur, Benguet, Nueva Vizcaya, Ifugao, Mt. Province, Kalinga and Isabela. Pangasinan (which recorded 150mm of rain from Emong) and La Union were the worst hit. The provinces in Central Luzon, Ilocos, Cordillera Administrative Region and Cagayan Valley, together with Metro Manila and parts of Southern Luzon, generally experienced more than 100 mm in the 24 hour period on May 7. Rains, however, lasted from May 6–8. NDCC updates on 6:00AM on May 13 put dead at 50, injured at 47 and missing at 13 and damage worth 690 million pesos in agriculture, infrastructure and private property. It further left 204,000 persons affected, damaged 23280 houses of which 6080 are totally damaged and 17200 partially damaged in Pangasinan and induced 11 landslide occurrences in Zambales and Cagayan PAGASA expected the typhoon to weaken quickly, which it did. On May 8, Chan-hom was downgraded to a Tropical Storm and later, to a Tropical Depression. JMA issued its last warning early on May 9, followed by the JTWC. PAGASA held on to Emong (Chan-hom) until much later that day, when it was declared an area of low pressure. JTWC then re-issued advisories on the restrengthening depression on May 10. Later on May 11, Chan-hom became a subtropical depression, therefore, JMA and PAGASA designated it a tropical depression while JTWC declared it dissipated, PAGASA reported Tropical Depression Chan-hom degenerated into Subtropical Disturbance ex-Chan-hom and issued the final advisory for the system because it had almost completely dissipated. However, JMA did not issue the final advisory for the tropical depression until early on May 13, when then circulation dissipated and it began accelerate northeastward in association of the jet stream and it was forecast to become extratropical or be absorbed by a cold front.
Severe Tropical Storm Linfa.
On June 10, the JTWC began monitoring an area of disturbed weather that was situated about southeast of Palau. The disturbance had an elongated low-level circulation, with deep convection centered along the southwestern portion of the system. However the TCFA was cancelled later that day due to the convection dissipating, whilst the JMA downgraded the depression to an area of low pressure. Over the next two days, the system moved across Luzon and began to regenerate. Early on June 17, a second TCFA was released by the JTWC whilst the JMA reported that the system had re-intensified into a tropical depression. Later that day, the JTWC designated the system as Tropical Depression 03W whilst the storm was situated about south-southwest of Kaohsiung, Taiwan. Following further development of the depression, the JTWC upgraded it to a tropical storm late on June 17. The JMA then followed suit early the next morning assigning the name "Linfa" to the storm. Throughout the rest of the day limited poleward outflow prevented linfa from intensifying. During June 19, Linfa intensified further and became a severe tropical storm with an eye feature starting to appear on microwave imagery. After interacting with a nearby upper-level low, outflow significantly improved later that day, fueling further strengthening, before the next day the JTWC upgraded Linfa to a typhoon as it reached its peak windspeeds of 140 km/h (85 mph) 110 km/h (70 mph 10-minute winds). Later that day convection near the center of the circulation to decrease with the eye no longer visible. Upper-level wind shear rapidly increased, preventing re-intensification of the cyclone. Linfa then began to interact with land and was downgraded to a tropical storm by the JTWC on June 21 and then during that afternoon the storm made landfall on the southern Chinese provence of Fujian. Deep convection then rapidly dissipated with both the JMA and the JTWC downgrading Linfa to a Tropical depression by early on July 22, as the storm moved away from the Chinese coastline. The system later dissipated just offshore with a circulation was no longer evident on satellite imagery.
A total of seven people were killed by Linfa, whilst $ (2009 USD) worth of damage was done by Linfa, as it affected China, Taiwan, Hong Kong and the Philippines. A 498-tonne oil tanker was run aground in southern Taiwan by large swells of up to 5.6 m (18 ft). In Taiwan two people were hit by fallen trees, whilst power cuts were reported in Chiangchun as well as other parts of China and Taiwan. A total loss of NT$, ( 2009 USD) was suffered by the agricultural sector in Taiwan whilst in mainland China, Linfa produced torrential rainfall which led to severe flooding. Following a landslide, one person was killed. Flood waters destroyed 100 homes and inundated 10,000 others as well as an estimated 32,000 hectares of farmland in Fujian Province. In Meizhou, Guongdong Province, flash flooding resulted in five additional fatalities after 413.7 mm 19.22 in of rain fell within a nine-hour span. A total of 362 homes were destroyed in the town and infrastructure was severely damaged. Additionally, an estimated 20 million people were affected by the storm.
Tropical Storm Nangka (Feria).
On June 16, an area of disturbed weather formed about to the northeast of Palau Island. In the next few days, the disturbance showed improvement but, its LLCC was undefined. Early on June 20, the disturbance suddenly strengthened and its LLCC began to consolidate as well as significant banding all over the system. The disturbance was also located under low vertical wind shear. Early on June 22, JTWC issued an advisory that the potential of the formation of a significant tropical cyclone within 24 hours was upgraded to "Fair" because of its well-defined LLCC and was located in a favorable area. Around 0600 UTC that same day, the JMA classified the disturbance as a minor Tropical Depression, while the JTWC released a TCFA on the disturbance. This was because convection had begun to organize and upper-level analysis showed a cyclonic center on the east, just west of Guam and a cyclonic flow around its consolidating low-level circulation Centre. After 4 hours, JTWC issued its first warning and named it as Tropical Depression 04W. Early on June 23, PAGASA issued its first warning on the Tropical Depression and assigned its local named "Feria". In the afternoon, Nangka made its first landfall over Hernani, Eastern Samar at 5:00 pm PST (0900 UTC). and made its second landfall in Masbate around 10:00PM PST ( 1400 UTC). On June 24, Nangka rapidly slowed down while moving over Mindoro. The storm then made its third landfall at Calapan City, Mindoro at 12 am PST/ 0430 UTC. After crossing Mindoro for 8 hours, PAGASA downgraded Nangka into a Tropical Depression, while both the JMA and JTWC still classified Nangka as a tropical storm on that day. Early on June 25, Nangka move into the South China Sea, with PAGASA issuing their final warning. In the evening of that same day, both JMA and JTWC downgraded Nangka into a tropical depression due to its low-level circulation center is started to deteriorate. By midday of June 26, it made its fourth landfall in Guangdong province in China, passing through the northern part of Hong Kong. In the afternoon of that day, both JMA and JTWC issued their final warning on Nangka. Its remnants completely dissipated by June 27.
In Eastern Samar, more than 800 people were stranded after ferry service was canceled. High winds downed a large tree, destroying the roof of one home and damaging three cars. Unusually strong severe thunderstorms developed over parts of the Philippines along the outer bands of Nangka. In San Pascual, Bauan and Batangas City, large hail fell during a strong storm. Residents reported that they have never seen hail before. In Barangay, 4 in Bauan town, a rare tornado struck, downing several trees, damaging homes and signs. Heavy rains produced by the storm also flooded numerous regions, some reporting waist-deep water. Later reports confirmed the tornado destroyed 23 homes. In Cebu, one person was killed and seven were left missing. At least 500 people were also left homeless due to the storm. In Cavite,7000 was stranded on the port due to Nangka's winds and heavy rains. about is the water wave in Cavite. In Albay, more than 300 ship passengers were also stranded at the Albay port, Tabaco, Albay. In Navotas and Malabon, the Navotas — Malabon river produced a high tide in the area.
As of 24 June, Nangka (Feria) has caused 6 deaths and left 11 people missing. Property damage from the storm is estimated at PHP 2.8 million (US$54,000).
Tropical Storm Soudelor (Gorio).
Late on July 7, the JTWC reported that an area of disturbed weather had formed about to the northwest of Yap. Deep convection was embedded in a broad, weak, poorly defined circulation that was starting to be enhanced by a Tropical Upper Tropospheric Trough (TUTT) cell to the east of the system. Over the next couple of days, gradual development took place before a TCFA was released by the JTWC early on July 9 as PAGASA designated the system as Tropical Depression Gorio. Later that day both the JMA and the JTWC reported that the depression had formed and started to issue warnings on the depression, with the JTWC designating it as 05W. On July 10, PAGASA issued their final advisory on Tropical Depression Gorio as it moved out of their area of responsibility. Hampered by an unfavorable upper-level environment, the depression barely intensified into a tropical storm early on July 11. Upon becoming a tropical storm, the JMA named the system "Soudelor" reporting peak winds of 65 km/h, (40 mph). Later that day the JTWC reported that Soudelor had weakened into a depression; however they re-upgraded it to a tropical storm as it moved closer to Hainan Province. Shortly before landfall in Leizhou Peninsula, China, the JTWC downgraded the storm to a tropical depression, then as Soudelor moved back over water and into the Gulf of Tonkin, the JTWC issued their final advisory on the depression, however the JMA continued to monitor the storm until it had made landfall near Fangchenggang, China several hours later.
As a tropical depression, Soudelor brushed northern Luzon in the Philippines, producing upwards of 330 mm (13 in) of rainfall which resulted in flash flooding and landslides in at least ten villages. In China torrential rains in Hainan caused significant flooding that killed 15 hikers and left several others missing. Numerous roads were also cut off or destroyed by landslides and 30 villages were inundated with flood waters. The remnants of Soudelor produced widespread torrential rains in Northern Vietnam on July 13. Rainfall totals peaked at in the region. Heavy rainfall, amounting to , was also recorded in Hanoi. The capital city experienced flash flooding, inundating numerous streets and buildings. Two men were killed by lightning strikes associated with the storm. Officials reported that at least 13 large trees had been downed by high winds. Flood waters in the hardest-hit areas reached a depth of . One person was killed after being swept away. A tornado also touched down during the storm, destroying the roofs of three homes. Thousands of hectares of croplands were inundated by flood waters. Following the storm, 1,000 tonnes of rice was allocated for victims of the floods.
Tropical Depression 06W (Huaning).
On July 10, the JTWC reported that an area of disturbed weather had persisted about to the east of Manila. The convection was consolidating with a good mid-level circulation and was located under an anticyclone and had started to show some outflow into a trough to the northeast of the system. Early the next day the JMA reported that the disturbance had become a minor tropical depression. The depression then gradually developed during the rest of July 11, with PAGASA naming the depression as Huaning early on July 12 whilst the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the depression. Early the next day PAGASA upgraded Huaning into tropical storm whilst the JTWC designated the depression as Tropical Depression 06W. Later that morning Huaning made its first landfall over Chungyang, Taiwan. On the next day, both JMA and JTWC issued their final warning on Huaning.
Typhoon Molave (Isang).
Late on July 10, an area of disturbed weather persisted about , to the southeast of Yap. Convection was wrapping into a poorly organized and drawn out low-level circulation center and was under minimal wind shear. It gradually developed further throughout the next day with convection continuing to consolidate over a low-level circulation center. However early on July 12, the JTWC reported that the disturbance had dissipated, as outflow was being hampered by the outflow of Huaning. However late on July 13, the JTWC reported that the disturbance had rapidly redeveloped and released a TCFA on the disturbance. Early the next day both PAGASA and the JMA designated the disturbance as a Tropical Depression with PAGASA assigning the local name of Isang to the depression. The Depression continued to develop and was designated as Tropical Depression 07W by the JTWC early on July 15, whilst PAGASA upgraded Isang to a Tropical storm later that day. On July 17, JMA upgraded Molave as a Severe Tropical Storm and Typhoon by PAGASA. On morning of July 18, HKO upgraded Molave as a Typhoon. Later that day, Molave quickly moved into the South China Sea. On July 19, at 1700 UTC or 1am HKT, Molave made its first landfall. On the afternoon, as Molave move through China, both JMA and JTWC issued their final warning as Molave weakened into a Tropical depression. Molave killed at least four people.
Tropical Storm Goni (Jolina).
Late on July 25, the JTWC reported that an area of convection had formed in a monsoon trough about to the northeast of Guam. Deep convection was flaring around the low-level circulation center. An upper-level anticyclone and a tropical upper tropospheric trough was providing outflow. Over the next few days the disturbance gradually developed before the disturbance was declared as dissipated early on July 28 as the low-level circulation center was not well defined and higher vertical wind shear affecting the system. However the disturbance regenerated early on July 30 whilst located about , the disturbance's low-level circulation center was elongated with indications of multiple circulation centers. Later that day PAGASA reported that the disturbance had developed into a tropical depression and assigned its local name of Jolina. Jolina then intensified further early the next day and was reported to have become a tropical storm by PAGASA, with the JMA designating it as a depression later that day. Early on August 1 the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert as deep convection had increased and was starting to consolidate around a circulation center. However later that morning Jolina made a landfall near to Casiguran, in the Philippine province of Aurora before emerging out into the South China sea later that day. Early the next day the JTWC reissued their TCFA whilst PAGASA issued their final warning on Jolina as it moved out of their area of responsibility heading towards a landfall on China. The JTWC then designated the depression as 08W later that day as infrared imagery had shown deep convection was wrapping into the low-level circulation center. During August 3, the JMA reported that the tropical depression had intensified into a tropical storm and assigned the Goni to the cyclone. At 1700 UTC of August 4, Goni made its second landfall over Macau. Early on the next day, JTWC issued their final warning on Goni. On August 7, The Joint Typhoon Warning noted that remnant of Goni re-entered into the Gulf of Tonkin and had a poor chance of regenerating. Later in the day, Joint Typhoon Warning Center reissued advisories on the system upgrading it to a tropical storm near Hainan Island.
In the Philippines Goni (Jolina) death toll is 8 with 5 more missing. Goni (Jolina) affected 38,589 families or 160,038 people in 119 villages in 25 towns and five cities in Ilocos Sur, Batangas, Cagayan, Nueva Ecija, Rizal, Mindoro Occidental, Palawan, Iloilo, Negros Occidental, Lanao del Sur, and Sultan Kudarat town in Maguindanao.
Five people died in China when Goni passed through. In Hainan province about 92,000 people had been evacuated by the authorities. 575 houses got destroyed and 2,311 damaged. The storm also inundated than 68,000 hectares cropland.
Typhoon Morakot (Kiko).
The season's deadliest tropical cyclone formed early on August 2, within a monsoon trough about east of the Philippines. The depression remained weak, however, and later that day the JMA downgraded it to an area of convection. Still later that day, the JMA reported that the tropical depression had regenerated and that deep convection was flaring on the western side of a partially exposed low-level circulation center. On August 3, PAGASA named the depression Kiko as it moved through their area of responsibility, after which (the same day) the JMA named the storm Morakot, upgrading it to a Tropical Storm. The JTWC followed suit, designating Morakot as 09W. The next day Morakot recurved, reentering PAGASA's area of responsibility.
In the Philippines, ten villages (Paudpod, San Juan, Batonloc, Carael, Tampo, Paco, San Miguel, Bining, Bangan, and Capayawan) have been submerged in floods after the Pinatubo Dike overflowed. Joint military and police rescue teams rescued 3 Koreans and 9 Canadian nationals. About 30,000 families were affected by Morakot; eleven people are confirmed dead. Three French tourists and two Filipino guides were killed in a flashflood caused by a landslide. Thousands are trapped on rooftops or in trees awaiting helicopter rescue attempts and thousands have lost their homes. At least two have died from flooding. Landslides have claimed the lives of two children and five miners are still missing after a landslide destroyed their huts. Schools have suspended their classes in the hardest hit area, and highways have been closed due to landslides.
In Taiwan, where schools were closed ahead of the typhoon, Morakot caused landslides, severe floods, blew down trees and billboards, and stripped roofs from buildings. In a positive impact, Morakot brought much-needed rain to Taiwan, ending a months-long drought, and replenished reservoirs enough to warrant an end to water rationing. In Taiwan, 461 people were killed with 192 missing. Almost the entire southern Taiwan (Chiayi, Tainan, Kaohsuing, and Pingtung) are flooded by record-breaking heavy rain. It is estimated that rainfall in Pingtung county may reach as much as 2,500 millimeters, breaking all rainfall records of any single place in Taiwan induced by a single typhoon.
South east China has evacuated 20,000 residents. A fishing boat has capsized and search and rescue efforts have begun for nine missing fishermen. A total of 34000 watercraft sought refuge ahead of the storm.
Tropical Storm Etau.
On August 6, an area of convectional cloudiness associated with monsoon through was located about (620 miles) 1000 km southwest of Iwo To, Japan. Satellite imagery shows an TUTT was located to the northeast of the system. and the system is also located under high vertical wind shear and favorable environment. Late of August 7, JTWC upgraded the system and issued a TCFA because of LLCC is partially exposed. while JMA also upgraded the system as a minor tropical depression. On the next day, both JMA and JTWC classifies the minor tropical depression as a full depression. On August 8, JMA upgraded the system as a tropical storm and assigned the name Etau.
In post-storm analysis, the JMA downgraded Etau to a tropical storm, with peak winds of 75 km/h (45 mph).
Tropical Depression Maka.
On August 13, the remnants of Tropical Storm Maka crossed the international dateline and moved into the Western Pacific; where it was immediately designated as a tropical depression by the JMA. Later that day the JTWC reported that the depression was located about to the southeast of Wake Island, with deep convection developing over the northern quadrant of a stretched out, low-level circulation center which was in an area of low to moderate vertical wind shear and had a good outflow into an upper-level trough. During the next day, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the depression as the low-level circulation center had developed further. Later that day, the JTWC re-upgraded the disturbance to Tropical Depression 01C (Maka). Late the next day the JTWC upgraded the depression to a tropical storm however, the JMA still classified the storm as a depression.
Typhoon Vamco.
On August 13, the JTWC reported that an area of deep convection had persisted in an area of low vertical wind shear about , to the north of Kwajalein Atoll. A low-level circulation center was developing with the deep convection starting to wrap into it whilst a tropical upper tropspheric trough was providing a good outflow for the center. Over the next couple of days the convection started to consolidate before early on August 16 a TCFA was issued by the JTWC as convective bands had started to wrap into the low-level circulation center. It was then declared as a Tropical depression later that day by the JMA however the JTWC did not follow suit until early the next day when they designated the depression as 11W with convective bands wrapping into a well-defined low-level circulation center. Both the JTWC and the JMA upgraded it to a tropical storm later that day, with the JMA assigning the name Vamco to the storm.
During August 18, the JMA reported that Vamco had intensified into a severe tropical storm and was moving towards the northwest slowly before early the next day along with the JTWC reporting that it had intensified into a weak typhoon. During that day Vamco kept intensifying due to being in favorable conditions with the JMA reporting that the typhoon had reached its peak wind speeds early on August 20 of 165 km/h, (105 mph) 10-min Sustained, however the JTWC reported that it had continued to intensify during August 20, and reached its 1 minute peak wind speeds of 215 km/h, (130 mph) early on August 21 which made it a category four typhoon on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale. Vamco stayed at its peak wind speeds until early on August 22 when both the JMA and the JTWC reported that it had started to weaken, however due to the typhoon being in favorable conditions, Vamco was able to maintain its typhoon status until early on August 25, when the JTWC downgraded Vamco to an extra tropical low, and issued their final advisory. The JMA continued to monitor it as a severe tropical storm until early the next day when they downgraded it to an extratropical low as it approached the international dateline. Vamco then crossed the International Dateline and was monitored as an extratropical low until late on August 28 when it dissipated to the south of Alaska.
Tropical Depression.
Early on August 20, the JMA reported that a tropical depression of the season had formed about , to the southeast of Okinawa, Japan. The JTWC reported later that day that the depression had a broad low-level circulation center, with some weak convection over it and was in a good environment to develop with fair sea surface temperatures and low vertical wind shear. However early the next day the JMA issued their final advisory on the depression as it was downgraded to a low-pressure area before the system dissipated early on August 22.
Tropical Depression.
Early on August 25, the JTWC reported that an area of convection had persisted about to the southeast of Okinawa, Japan. The convection was moving over a broad and ill defined low-level circulation center, it was also located in an area of low vertical wind shear. An upper-level trough was approaching the system from the northwest and was hindering outflow, bringing cooler and drier air to the disturbance. Later that day the JMA then reported that the disturbance had developed into a tropical depression, before early the next morning the JTWC reported that the depression had dissipated. However the JMA continued to issue advisories on the depression, until later that day when the JMA issued their final warning on the depression.
Severe Tropical Storm Krovanh.
On August 27, JMA reported that an area of convectional cloudiness associated with monsoon through formed about , to the southeast of Iwo To, Japan. Satellite imagery shows that convective bands is starting to wrap into the Low-Level Circulation Centre (LLCC) and the system is located in moderate vertical windshear and favorable area. Early of August 28, the system is showing a good development LLCC then the JMA upgraded the system into a minor tropical depression. While JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA) on the system then after several hours, they upgraded it into a tropical depression. In the evening of that day, the depression rapidly intensified into a tropical storm due to hot water temperatures and associated with Tropical Upper Tropospheric Trough (TUTT) that located in the northeast of the tropical storm, whilst JMA assigned the name Krovanh. While JTWC also upgraded the depression into a tropical storm. Early of August 30, JMA upgraded Krovanh into a severe tropical storm. On the next day, Krovanh weakened into a tropical storm due to its interaction with the frontal system and the eye was quickly become visible. On September 1, both JMA and JTWC issued their final warning on Krovanh. The remnants of the storm was absorbed by a frontal system and dissipated later that day.
Tropical Depression 02C.
Late on August 29, the JMA started to issue warnings on Tropical Depression 02C as it was expected to cross the International Dateline and move into the Western Pacific within 24 hours and intensify into a Tropical Storm. Early the next day the depression crossed the dateline into an area of strong vertical windshear. Thus the tropical depression began to weaken with the low-level circulation center becoming fully exposed and sheared as a result the JTWC issued their final advisory later that day. However the JMA continued to issue advisories on the depression until early on September 2, they downgraded the depression to an area of low pressure and issued their final advisory.
Severe Tropical Storm Dujuan (Labuyo).
On August 28, an area of convectional cloudiness associated with a monsoon trough formed about southwest of Okinawa, Japan. Satellite imagery revealed that a partial low-level circulation centre (LLCC) was exposed with an anticyclone providing good outflow that located to the northwest of the system. Early on September 1, the system showed a more defined LLCC moving through warm waters, whilst JMA upgraded the system to a tropical depression. On September 2, the depression entered the Philippine area of responsibility and PAGASA assigned it a local name "Labuyo". On the next day, PAGASA upgraded Labuyo into a tropical storm while JTWC issued a TCFA. Later that day, JTWC designated it as tropical depression 13W. Early the next day, JMA upgraded the depression intensified into a tropical storm and assigned it an international name "Dujuan", while JTWC then also upgraded Dujuan as a tropical storm. On September 5, JMA upgraded Dujuan into a severe tropical storm. Later that day, PAGASA issued their final warning on Labuyo as the storm moved out of their area of responsibility. Early of September 8, JTWC downgraded Dujuan into a tropical depression. After several hours of that same day, JTWC amended an issue that Dujuan was intensified again into a tropical storm.
Tropical Depression.
Early on September 1, the JTWC reported that an area of convectional cloudiness had persisted in an area of low pressure vertical windshear about to the northwest of Manila in the Philippines. The system had a fully exposed low-level circulation center with small pockets of convection confined to the western edge of the cyclone. During the next couple of days the disturbance developed further with deep convection consolidating near the low-level circulation center before being designated as a tropical depression by the JMA and had a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert issued by the JTWC early on September 3. Later the next day, it made a direct hit on Đà Nẵng, Quảng Nam and Quảng Ngãi, Vietnam and after several hours. Later that day, JTWC had cancelled TCFA. It had re-emerged back into the South China Sea and remained nearly stationary.
At least six people have been killed and five others were injured by the depression throughout Vietnam. Rainfall from the storm exceeded , triggering widespread flash flooding. Sixty-one tons of fish were swept away during the floods and 8,700 hectares of rice were destroyed.
Tropical Storm Mujigae (Maring).
On September 6, an area of convection cloudiness associated with the monsoon through was formed about to the northwest of Manila, Philippines. Satellite imagery shows that a mid-level convection consolidating in over a developing Low-Level Circulation Centre (LLCC). In additionally, there is a westerly wind burst that located three to five degrees of the system and located in moderate vertical wind shear. Late of September 8, the system is moving northwest and also in hot water temperatures, whilst the JMA upgraded the system into a tropical depression. Also, on the evening, PAGASA declared the system as a tropical depression and assigned its local name, "Maring". While JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA). Early of the next day, JTWC upgraded the system into a tropical depression due to its LLCC is partially exposed. In the evening, as the tropical depression moved northwestward, PAGASA issued its final advisory as Maring moved out of their area of responsibility.,
Typhoon Koppu (Nando).
On September 9, an area of convectional cloudiness associated with the monsoon trough formed to the northwest of Palau. Satellite imagery showed that a consolidating Low Level Circulation Centre (LLCC) with convection had started to develop and was wrapping toward the center. On September 11, the LLCC started to show improvement and was under moderate vertical shear with good westward outflow, but the JMA still upgraded the system to a minor tropical depression. Early of September 12, PAGASA upgraded the system in their responsibility and assigned its local name, "Nando". At 1500 UTC, PAGASA reported that the depression made its landfall over northern Palanan, Isabela of the Philippines. However both JMA and JTWC reported that the depression did not make landfall but only crossed the Luzon straight. Early of the next day, JTWC upgraded the system into a tropical depression. Early of September 13, both JMA and JTWC upgraded the system as a tropical storm and assigned its international name, "Koppu". In the afternoon, JMA reported that Koppu intensified into a severe tropical storm. On the 14th, the JMA reported that Koppu had intensified to a minimal typhoon, but the JTWC still kept Koppu as a tropical storm for the next few hours but later acknowledging the intensification and upgraded Koppu to a minimal typhoon. But the JTWC issued their final advisory early on September 15, as Koppu was moving over land, and was expected to dissipate quickly.
In Luzon, a 48 hour rainfall was experienced. In Visayas and Mindanao, a 24 hour rainfall was also experienced due to Nando's enhancing southwest monsoon. About 10 provinces were raised in signal warning no.1 from September 12 – September 13. Nando had triggered landslides resulting road closures and evacuations of some residents in Kalinga province. The storm then caused major flood in Luoding, People's Republic of China.
Typhoon Choi-wan.
Typhoon Choi-wan formed as weak tropical disturbance early on September 11, 2009, about to the east of Guam. During that day the disturbance rapidly developed and was designated as a tropical depression early the next day by both the JMA and the JTWC before intensifying further and being named as Tropical Storm Choi-wan on September 12. During September 13, Choi-wan's rapid intensification slowed down barely intensifying into a severe tropical storm, before early the next day it was upgraded to a typhoon and rapidly intensified during the day to become a Category 4-equivalent typhoon. Choi-wan then intensified further during September 15, as it moved through the Northern Marina Islands with the Japan Meteorological Agency reporting peak 10 minute sustained wind speeds of 195 km/h (120 mph), whilst the Joint Typhoon Warning Center reported 1-minute peak wind speeds of 260 km/h (160 mph) which made it a category 5-equivalent typhoon.
With the help of excellent poleward outflow and high ocean heat content, Choi-wan remained at its peak intensity until early on September 17 when deep convection started to erode in the northwestern quadrant as the tropical upper tropospheric trough cell to the northwest was no longer providing good outflow. Choi-wan was then downgraded to a typhoon by the JTWC as it started to undergo an eyewall replacement cycle, with the JTWC reporting a secondary peak intensity of 150 km/h, (90 mph), during the next day. During September 19, Choi-wan rapidly weakened, as it moved into an unfavorable environment with higher amounts of vertical wind shear, causing the storm's deep convection to erode. As a result of this and dry latitude air wrapping into the low-level circulation center, the JTWC decided to downgrade Choi-wan to an extratropical system and issued their final advisory early the next day on September 20, before the JMA followed suit later that day. The JMA then reported that the extratropical low had dissipated completely, early on September 21.
Despite the intensity of Choi-wan when it passed over the Northern Marina Islands, there was no casualties reported. It was determined afterwards by the US Navy that the whole island of Alamagan was uninhabitable, with all but one of the structures, a facility for laboratory and research, completely destroyed and most of the islands' trees downed. As a result it was determined that all of the residents of Alamagan and Agrihan needed to be completely evacuated to Saipan.
Tropical Depression.
Early on September 23, the JMA reported that a Tropical Depression had formed about to the southeast of Tokyo, Japan. During that day the depression moved towards the northwest before the JTWC reported early the next morning that the depression was a vertically stacked upper-level low with a closed circulation which was transitioning into a tropical system with a warm core. However as the system lacked any central convection and upper-level conditions deteriorated as a longwave trough passed by the system it was reported as dissipated early on September 25 by the JTWC, however the JMA continued to monitor the system until early the next day before issuing their final advisory on the depression.
Typhoon Ketsana (Ondoy).
On September 22, an area of convection associated with the monsoon trough had formed about , to the east of Manila, Philippines. Satellite imagery showed deep convection starting to consolidate about an LLCC. In the afternoon of the next day, the system started showing good outflow in LLCC and was moving through moderate vertical shear whilst the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical depression. On the evening of the same day, the JMA reported that the depression weakened into an area of low pressure. In the afternoon of September 24, the JMA reported that the system was organizing again and was upgraded to a tropical depression again, while the PAGASA also upgraded the system to a tropical depression and assigned it the local name "Ondoy". On the same day, the JTWC also issued a TCFA on the system. Early the next day, the JTWC upgraded the system to a tropical depression again. In the evening, the PAGASA reported that Ondoy intensified into a tropical storm. Early on September 26, the JTWC upgraded the depression to a tropical storm as well. At the same time, JMA also upgraded it as a tropical storm and assigned it the international designated name "Ketsana".
In the Philippines, the whole archipelago experienced a torrential rain starting on September 23. more than 30 areas in Luzon, including Metro Manila, were placed under storm alerts as tropical storm "Ondoy" accelerated further and moved closer to Central Luzon. On Bicol region, ferry passengers were suspended during September 25 through the next day due to high waves and heavy rains that were brought by Ketsana into the region affecting about 2000 people. In the Manila International Airport, 13 flights were canceled due to Ketsana making landfall. Some universities in Manila suspended their classes due to severe flooding in some areas and heavy rainfall.
In addition, the PAGASA also advised residents living in low-lying areas and near mountain slopes in areas affected by the Southwest Monsoon and those under signals #1 and #2 (see below) are alerted against possible flashfloods and landslides. Also, PAGASA has alerted the National Disaster Coordinating Council (NDCC) for possible flashfloods and landslides in the affected areas, particularly in Laguna, Quezon, Zambales, Pampanga and Bataan provinces. Philippine Coast Guard commandant Admiral Wilfredo Tamayo also reminded owners of seacraft of a guideline barring travel for seacraft weighing 1,000 tons or less.
In Quezon City at the PAGASA Science Garden in NCR or Manila, torrential rains and 24 hour Rainfall amounted to 455mm the highest rainfall ever recorded in Metro Manila and belongs to the top 20 most rainiest typhoons to strike the Philippines. The amount of rainfall was 341.3mm in just 6 hours from 8AM to 2PM on the 26th of September and an additional 83mm fell for another 3 hours amounting to 424mm in about 9 Hours and the remaining 31mm was light rain showers during the night before the epic flood and the evening of the 26th of September and 111mm fell on 25 September. Bulacan also experienced an unusually high rainfall amount leading to the widespread and massive flooding in the province and overflowing of the Angat dam and opening of the floodgates at about 10:45am.
A total of 25 provinces and Metro Manila were placed under state of calamity, with Metro Manila experiencing a record amount of rainfall in 42 years, with rain falling between 8:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m. of September 26 pegged at 341mm, over the record established in June 1967 at 334mm.
Tropical Depression 18W.
The JTWC reported on September 24 that an area of convection had persisted about to the northeast of Pohnpei. Deep convection had started to consolidate and wrap around the low-level circulation centre. By September 26, the system had developed strong outflow and was intensifying with the JMA reporting later that day that it had become a tropical depression however the JTWC did not follow suit until early the next day when they assigned the designation of 18W to the depression. During the next couple of days very little intensification took place as convection barely deepened around the low-level circulation center and in fact weakened due to the precursor system to Typhoon Parma was developing to the southeast of 18W. During September 29, both the JMA and the JTWC reported peak windspeeds of 55 km/h (35 mph). As 18W approached Guam, the system became severely disrupted after interaction with what were to become Typhoons Melor and Parma. As it passed near the island, the storm rapidly dissipated, first weakening to a depression and then as it lost its low-level circulation centre it was no longer considered a tropical cyclone and thus the final warnings from the JTWC and the JMA were issued.
Despite a state of emergency being declared by the Governor of Guam before the depression affected Guam on September 29, it had very little impact on Guam. With only increased winds and moderate rainfall reported. All flights in and out of Guam were cancelled until the storm had passed. Five ships and a submarine from the United States Navy moved out to sea to avoid the storm; however, one submarine was unable to leave and remained at port during the storm.
Typhoon Parma (Pepeng).
Early on September 25, an area of convectional cloudiness associated with the monsoon through formed to the southeast of Palau. Satellite imagery showed a consolidating Low Level Circulation Centre. On September 27, the system began improving and showing a partial LLCC due to favorable conditions and was also located under moderate vertical wind shear, whilst the JMA upgraded the system into a tropical depression. On the evening of that day, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert. On the next day, JMA reported that the depression had intensified into a tropical storm, submitting its international designated name, "Parma". Also, on September 28, JTWC upgraded it to a tropical depression.
On the next day, JTWC again upgraded the depression into a tropical storm. And, by early September 30, due to the storm moving through warm water temperatures, the JTWC and JMA upgraded it to a Category 1 typhoon. Satellite imagery also began showing that an eye wall structure had formed. Intensification continued into the morning of the next day, reaching Category 3 status. Then, after four hours, Parma rapidly strengthened to a Category 4 super typhoon, reaching its peak strength. Different weather bureaus forecasted that Parma would intensify into a Category 5 super typhoon, however, it weakened in the afternoon of October 1 as the eye of Parma began to degrade due to its movement into unfavorable conditions. Parma continued to slightly weaken while moving through the area of Cagayan, then by midday of October 3, it was downgraded into a Category 3-equivalent typhoon.
Before it made landfall over northern Cagayan at 3:00 pm PST (07:00 UTC), it weakened into a Category 2 typhoon. Parma crossed northern Luzon over 12 hours, during which the typhoon weakened into a category 1 equivalent typhoon. PAGASA reported that the typhoon was moving almost stationary in their area of responsibility due to interaction with Typhoon Melor and a ridge of high-pressure area over mainland China. At the same time, JTWC downgraded Parma into a tropical storm while the JMA downgraded it into a severe tropical storm. Early the next day, satellite imagery revealed that Parma had an eye center but no convectional cloudiness due to high pressure. Intensification was unlikely because of unfavorable environment conditions and interaction with Typhoon Melor.
On October 6, at 11:00 pm PST (15:00 UTC), Parma made its second landfall over Ilocos Norte as it noved to the Southeast. In the afternoon of the next day, PAGASA reported that Parma weakened into a tropical depression near the Isabela area, while both JMA and JTWC still classified Parma as a tropical storm. In the morning of October 8, it emerged back into waters near Isabela. After four hours, Parma made its third landfall in Cagayan. The next day, Parma crossed Northern Luzon for the third time. Then by the afternoon of that day, Parma exited La Union and emerged back into the South China Sea. As it moved out into the Philippine area of responsibility, then PAGASA issued their final warning on Parma.
On October 10, both JMA and JTWC reported that Parma reintensified into a tropical storm while it was over the South China sea. Intensification was almost difficult due to moderate vertical wind shear.
Then by late of October 12, it made its fourth landfall over Hainan Island in China. Early on October 14, Parma was downgraded by JMA to a tropical depression because of there was a lack of convection. Then by the afternoon of that day, it made its fifth landfall over the coastline of Vietnam. In the evening, JMA reported that Parma weakened into an area of low pressure, becoming the agency issues their final advisory. However, JTWC still considered Parma as a tropical storm.
The names Parma and Pepeng were retired at the end of the season.
At least 500 people were killed by Parma.
Typhoon Melor (Quedan).
On September 28, an area of convectional cloudiness formed to the northeast of Pohnpei. Satellite imagery showed a Low Level Circulation Centre had begun to form. On the evening of September 28, due to a TUTT that was providing good outflow for the system and low-level vertical wind shear with a favorable environment, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert. Early on September 29, both JMA and JTWC upgraded the system into a tropical depression. Early on September 30, JMA reported that the depression had intensified into a tropical storm and assigned its international designated name, "Melor". At the same time JTWC also classified the depression as a tropical storm. Early on October 1, Melor intensified further from a severe tropical storm into a typhoon. Intensification continued, and by the afternoon of the same day the JTWC reported that Melor had intensified into a Category 1-equivalent typhoon. In just four hours, it intensified rapidly to a Category 3-equivalent typhoon, and continued to track towards northeast Luzon. Early on October 2, it strengthened to a Category 4-equivalent typhoon. After levelling out in intensity, it strengthened again on October 3. Early October 4, JTWC reported that Melor had intensified to a Category-5 equivalent super typhoon, with JMA reporting a central pressure of 910 hPa and winds of 205 km/h. On October 5, PAGASA allocated the name Quedan to the typhoon as the storm moved into Philippine's area of responsibility. It interacted with Typhoon Parma in Parma's second landfall in the Philippines. By the midday of October 8, Melor made landfall on Japan. After landfall, JMA downgraded Melor into a severe tropical storm, while the JTWC downgraded it into an extratropical storm. Late on October 11, the extratropical remnants of Typhoon Melor were completely absorbed by a newly formed extratropical storm to the north, near Alaska. The new extratropical storm then strengthened into a powerful storm, which then began to impact the west coast of the United States, late on October 11, near midnight.
Tropical Storm Nepartak.
On October 6, an area of convectional cloudiness associated with the monsoon trough formed to the southwest of Saipan. Satellite imagery showed a consolidating Low Level Circulation Center with formative convective banding and deep convection over the northern semicircle. During in the morning of October 8, the system started to move northwest and its LLCC rapidly became well defined due to favorable conditions. The JMA then upgraded it to a tropical depression, and the JTWC issued a TCFA on the system, as it had started to become better defined. Then in the evening of that day, it was upgraded into a tropical depression by the JTWC. On October 9, the JMA upgraded it to a tropical storm and assigned its international name "Nepartak". After the JMA upgraded it to a tropical storm, it slowly intensified to a peak intensity of 50 mph (85 km/h), but dissipated on October 14, because the polar jet stream had torn apart the storm.
Typhoon Lupit (Ramil).
Early on October 13, the JTWC reported that an area of disorganized deep convection had persisted about to the southeast of Hagåtña, Guam. The convection had a broad circulation center that was beginning to consolidate in an area of low vertical windshear and favorable sea surface temperatures. Later that day, as the low-level circulation center had consolidated further, the JTWC released a tropical cyclone formation alert before early the next day both the JMA and the JTWC initiated advisories on the system as it had intensified into Tropical Depression 22W. During that day the depressions low-level circulation center continued to organize with deep convective bands starting to wrap into the center.
Early on October 13, the JTWC reported that an area of convection had persisted about to the northwest of Kwajalein. The convection was disorganised but was starting to consolidate around a broad low-level circulation center within a favourable environment to develop further with good vertical windshear and favourable sea surface temperatures. The disturbance rapidly developed throughout that day with a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert issued later that day by the JTWC before advisories were initiated early the next day by the JMA and the JTWC who designated it as Tropical Depression 22W before the JTWC reported that the depression had intensified into a weak tropical storm. On October 15, JMA upgraded it to a Tropical Storm with the name "Lupit". On the afternoon of next day, JTWC reported that Lupit strengthened into a Category 1 typhoon. That evening, PAGASA started issuing warnings on Lupit as it entered into their area of responsibility and assigned its local name, "Ramil". At the same time JMA also upgraded Lupit into a typhoon. Intensification continued due to favorable conditions and hot water conditions, then by October 17, it rapidly intensified into a Category 3-equivalent typhoon. In the morning of the next day, it strengthened into a Category 4 typhoon, then strengthened further to Super Typhoon classification. On October 20, Lupit weakened to a minimal typhoon. By the 24th, dry air entrainment and an unfavorable environment had weakened Lupit further to a strong tropical storm, and caused the storm to change track from its westward drift to accelerate northeastward. Later that day, JTWC and PAGASA issued their final warning as Lupit was beginning extratropical transition. However, the JMA continued to issue warnings on Lupit until early on October 27.
Tropical Depression.
Late on October 15, the JTWC reported that an area of convection had persisted about to the southeast of Hue, Vietnam. Convection was forming and wrapping into the low-level circulation center and was moving into a favorable environment to develop with low vertical windshear and warm sea surface temperatures. A tropical cyclone formation alert was issued early on October 17 by the JTWC as the vertical windshear decreased, despite the low-level circulation center being fully exposed. The depression remained weak with the tropical cyclone formation alert being canceled during October 19 before the depression dissipated on October 20.
Typhoon Mirinae (Santi).
JMA upgraded a Tropical Depression to Tropical Storm Mirinae on October 27, and it rapidly strengthened to a Typhoon, to a peak of 105-110 mph. It did not strengthen much further, due to wind shear and its fast movement. PAGASA allocated the name Santi to the system the next day, as the storm had entered their area of responsibility. Then Mirinae crossed the Philippines, causing it to rapidly deorganize and was downgraded from a Category 2 Typhoon, to a tropical storm in one advisory. It then crossed into the South China Sea, and slowly, but steadily strengthened until it was very close to Vietnam. Where it intensified to a Typhoon again. It made landfall and rapidly weakened.
Mirinae's main effect in the Philippines is the strong winds it brings. From the night of October 30 until the next day, Southern Luzon, including Metro Manila, experienced lashing winds from the typhoon, where in Manila, minimal tropical storm force winds were at 39 m/h with gusts of 56 m/h at 6 a.m. local time, thus downing trees and made significant damage to several infrastructures. During Mirinae's passage in the Philippines, rainfall amounts from the typhoon were less than six inches recorded. Casualties from Mirinae both in the Philippines and Vietnam reached 162, with cost of damage amounting to $295 million (2009 USD).
Tropical Depression 24W (Tino).
Late on October 31, the JTWC reported that a tropical disturbance had formed within an area of moderate vertical windshear about 1400 km, (870 mi), to the east of Manila, Philippines. Deep convection had started to form over a low-level circulation center. The JMA then reported early the next day that the disturbance had intensified into a weak tropical depression. However at this time the JTWC did not upgrade the disturbance to a tropical depression, instead issuing a tropical cyclone formation alert later that day as the depressions poleward outflow improved. Early on November 2, PAGASA named the depression as Tino as it was now located about , to the northeast of Manila. Later that day the JTWC designated the depression as 24W, despite the system now encountering unfavorable levels of vertical windshear which made the low-level circulation center become fully exposed with no deep convection existing near the center. As a result of this early on November 3, the JMA, the JTWC and PAGASA all issued their final advisories.
Tropical Depression 25W.
Early on November 3, the JTWC reported that an area of convection had persisted in a monsoon trough about to the southeast of Pohnpei. The convection was poorly organized and was located in a monsoon trough amidst a weak and elongated circulation with weak mid-level turning. However environmental conditions were not favourable for the disturbance to develop as it was located in an area of moderate vertical windshear. Over the next few days the disturbances gradually developed a low-level circulation center and as a result was designated as a tropical depression early on November 7 by both the JMA and the JTWC.
Tropical Depression 27W (Urduja).
On November 23, PAGASA announced that a low-pressure area east of Mindanao had developed into a Tropical Depression and had been named "Urduja". The same day JTWC designated the tropical depression as 27W. Early Of November 25, the depression has weakened into an area of low pressure. The remnants of Urduja were absorbed into Typhoon Nida during November 25 and 26.
In Eastern Visayas, 1, 519 passengers were stranded, 719 in Western Visayas, 399 in Bicol and 185 in Southern Luzon due to Urduja. In all, four people were killed by Urduja, three due to a landslide and one from electrocution.
Typhoon Nida (Vinta).
Early on November 21 the JTWC reported that an area of convection had persisted within a monsoon trough about 880 km, (545 mi) to the southeast of Guam. At this time the system was moving around the subtropical ridge of pressure, with an anticyclone over the cyclone helping the convection to consolidate over a broad and elongated low-level circulation center which was located in an area of minimal vertical wind shear. Later that morning a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert was released as deep convection increased in organization with multiple bands of convection starting to wrap into the developing low-level circulation center. The system was then declared as a tropical depression by the JMA later that day before the JTWC followed suit early the next day, who assigned the designation of 26W to the depression. On November 23, the JTWC upgraded the system to a tropical storm, and JMA followed suit allocating the name Nida. Later the next day, JTWC reported that Nida rapidly intensified into the equivalent of a category 1 typhoon. The next day JMA upgraded Nida to a Severe Tropical Storm Intensification was anticipated until in the afternoon of November 25, then JTWC reported that Nida intensified from category 2 to a category 4 super typhoon equivalent. While JMA also upgraded it to typhoon status. At the same time an eye wall structure had formed. During the evening of November 25, Nida further intensified into an extremely intense Category 5 equivalent super typhoon, according to the JTWC, attaining winds of 285 km/h (180 mph) as it moved north west past Guam. Nida became the first storm of this intensity in the basin in terms of 10-minute winds (JMA) since Typhoon Jangmi in 2008. Additionally, the JMA reported that the barometric pressure had decreased to 905 mbar, ranking Nida as the strongest storm to form during 2009 worldwide, only slightly eclipsing Hurricane Rick's intensity. Later, Nida was downgraded to a category 4 equivalent, due to an eyewall replacement cycle, but shortly regained strength, and on November 28, Nida re-intensified to a Category 5 typhoon. It later stalled and remained quasi-stationary for some time while briefly expanding tremendously in size, then gradually weakening and shrinking into a Category 1 typhoon by November 30. While the typhoon weakened, it created a large gap in the Subtropical Ridge and sent moisture into the subtropical jet, where intense storms formed in the North Pacific. On December 1, Nida weakened to a JMA Severe Tropical storm, with top winds weakening to as Nida remained nearly stationary. By December 2, Nida began to move northward slowly, while weakening further to JMA Tropical Storm status. On December 3, Nida weakened into a PAGASA tropical depression and on the same day JTWC issued a Final Warning. However, on December 4, part of its remnants were absorbed into the Jet Stream, and the other part of the main convection remained in position to merge with Tropical Depression 28W. And thus, the remnants of Nida dissipated completely on December 4. Nida was one of the most intense cyclones ever to develop in the month of November.
Tropical Depression.
On November 22, the JTWC reported that an area of deep convection had persisted about to the northeast of Singapore. Deep convection was flaring over a loosely defined low-level circulation center however levels of vertical wind shear were assessed to be unfavorable for development. Early the next day, as the low-level circulation center was improving very quickly in an area of vertical wind shear, a tropical cyclone formation alert was then released by the JTWC, before early on November 24; the JMA reported that the disturbance had become a tropical depression. However the JTWC reported early the next day the convection had become disorganized as the environment around the depression became less favorable, with increasing vertical wind shear. The JMA then downgraded the depression to a low-pressure area early on November 26 before it dissipated later that day.
Tropical Depression 28W.
On November 29 the JTWC reported that an area of unorganized deep convection had persisted about to the north of Honiara, in the Solomon Islands. Deep convection was slowly consolidating around a poorly defined low-level circulation centre, in an area of moderate to high vertical wind shear. Over the next couple of days the moderate to high vertical wind shear prevented the disturbance's low-level circulation centre from consolidating further. On December 2, the JTWC issued a TCFA as the disturbance moved close to the upper-level ridge axis which was providing an area of low vertical wind shear and gave the system a good chance of development within 12–24 hours. During the next day, the JMA reported that the disturbance had intensified into a tropical depression before the JTWC cancelled the TCFA and downgraded the depression's chance of becoming a significant tropical cyclone within 24 hours to poor, as the low-level circulation center had become elongated and exposed whilst deep convection had become poorly organized and displaced. As a consequence of the depression moving into an area of higher vertical wind shear, deep convection had become sheared to the north and northwest of the centre. Throughout December 4, the JTWC assessed the depression's chances of becoming a significant tropical cyclone within 24 hours as poor. However early the next day the JTWC issued their first advisory on the depression, as they reported it had become a significant tropical cyclone and designated it as Tropical Storm 28W as deep convection had been sustained near the low-level circulation center, despite vertical wind shear in excess of 30 knots (55 km/h, 35 mph). The JTWC also issued their final warning at the same time as the depression was beginning to go through an extra tropical transition with dry air entering the cyclone and breaking down the storms warm core as it moved over an area of unfavourable vertical wind shear and sea surface temperatures of less than 26 °C (80 °F). The JMA then downgraded the tropical depression to an extratropical low, later that day.
Tropical Depression.
Late on December 7 the JTWC reported that an area of convection had been building around a rapidly developing low-level circulation center about to the southeast of Manila, Philippines. The low-level circulation center had rapidly developed from the southwestern extension of a shear-line. As a result of this the JTWC issued a tropical cyclone formation alert whilst the JMA reported early the next day on December 8 that the system had become a tropical depression. Later that day the JMA issued their final advisory on the tropical depression before the JTWC canceled the TCFA as the depression made landfall on Mindanao and dissipated completely.
Storm names.
Within the North-western Pacific Ocean, both the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) and the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration assign names to tropical cyclones that develop in the Western Pacific, which can result in a tropical cyclone having two names. The Japan Meteorological Agency's RSMC Tokyo — Typhoon Center assigns international names to tropical cyclones on behalf of the World Meteorological Organization's Typhoon Committee, should they be judged to have 10-minute sustained windspeeds of . While the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration assigns names to tropical cyclones which move into or form as a tropical depression in their area of responsibility located between 135°E and 115°E and between 5°N-25°N even if the cyclone has had an international name assigned to it. The names of significant tropical cyclones are retired, by both PAGASA and the Typhoon Committee.
Philippines.
The Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration uses its own naming scheme for tropical cyclones in their area of responsibility. PAGASA assigns names to tropical depressions that form within their area of responsibility and any tropical cyclone that might move into their area of responsibility. Should the list of names for a given year prove to be insufficient, names are taken from an auxiliary list, the first 10 of which are published each year before the season starts. The names not retired from this list will be used again in the 2013 season. This is the same list used in the 2005 season, except for "Urduja" which replaced "Undang". Names that were not assigned are marked in .
Retirement.
The names "Morakot", "Ketsana", and "Parma" were retired by the ESCAP/WMO Typhoon Committee. The names "Atsani", "Champi", and "In-fa" were chosen to replaced "Morakot", "Ketsana" and "Parma" respectively.
The Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) announced that Typhoons "Ondoy" and "Pepeng" had their names retired after they both caused over 300 deaths and 1 billion PHP worth of damage in the Philippines.
On June 2012 the names "Odette" and "Paolo" were chosen by PAGASA to replaced "Ondoy" and "Pepeng" respectively.
Season effects.
This table lists all the storms that developed in the western Pacific Ocean to the west of the International Date Line during the 2009 season. It includes their intensity, duration, name, landfalls, deaths, and damages. All damage figures are in 2009 USD. Deaths in parentheses are indirect (a traffic accident, or landslide for example).

</doc>
