<doc id="20535480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535480" title="Ehsanul Sadequee">
Ehsanul Sadequee

Ehsanul "Shifa" Sadequee (Born in Fairfax, Virginia on July 30, 1986,) is an American who was arrested by the FBI on four terrorism charges, convicted, and sentenced to 17 years in prison, to be followed by 30 years of supervised release.
Life.
Sadequee lived with his mother, brother, and sister at the family home in Roswell, Georgia. 
In December 2001, while living in Bangladesh, he tried to join the Taliban, to assist them in fighting against U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan. He and Syed Haris Ahmed began discussing their obligation to support "jihad" in late 2004. He become active on several web forums that support jihad, and discussions grew into an active conspiracy with others to provide material support to terrorists engaged in violent jihad.
In March 2005, Sadequee and Ahmed both traveled to Toronto aboard a Greyhound bus, to meet with Fahim Ahmad, Jahmaal James and another youth, who they had spoken to online about their mutual interpretations about Islam and jihad. While the group discussed hypothetical scenarios in which North America was attacked, the government noted there was "no imminent danger". Police informant Mubin Shaikh later stated that he believed the two Americans had been asking whether they would be able to hide in Canada if they were to carry out attacks in the United States.
On August 18, 2005, he travelled to his ancestral home of Bangladesh seeking a wife. At New York John F. Kennedy Airport, he agreed to be interviewed by two Joint Terrorism Task Force agents prior to departing. When questioned about the bus trip, Sadequee lied and said he had traveled alone and stayed with his aunt "Manju" in the city, rather than with the subject of a Canadian anti-terrorism investigation. Upon searching his luggage, the agents discovered two CD-ROMs hidden in the lining of his suitcase. 
While in Bangladesh, he married a woman two years older than he was, and upon returning to the United States at some point in 2006, she took a job working at Wendy's.
Arrest.
After the Toronto terror arrests in June 2006, he was charged with making a false statement for his lie in the airport about the bus trip, and placed under arrest.
In a bail hearing for Sadequee, prosecutors alleged that both men traveled to Washington, D.C. to make "casing videos" of the United States Capitol building, the World Bank, a Masonic temple and a fuel depot, and that Sadequee had then sent the video to Irhabi007 of London who in 2007 was found guilty of incitement to commit acts of terrorism and sentenced to 16 years in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="20535488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535488" title="George Pinker">
George Pinker

Sir George Douglas Pinker, KCVO (6 December 1924 – 29 April 2007) was an internationally respected obstetrician and gynecologist, best known for modernizing the delivery of royal babies.
Early life.
George Douglas Pinker was born on 6 December 1924 in Calcutta, India, the second son of Queenie Elizabeth née Dix and Ronald Douglas Pinker, a horticulturist who worked for Suttons Seeds for 40 years, and headed the bulb and flower department for 25 years. At the time of George's birth he ran Sutton Seeds Indian Branch in Calcutta. His older brother Kenneth Hubert was born in Reading on 15 September 1919.
Education.
From 1928 aged four, Pinker was educated at Reading School. In 1942 the began medical training at St Mary's Hospital Medical School, Paddington, London, qualifying as a doctor in 1947. As a student in 1946, when the Music Society put on its first post-war production "The Mikado", he sang one of the leading roles. He turned down a contract with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company to pursue a career in medicine. Queen Elizabeth attended the performance as patron of both the hospital and the medical school, accompanied by the two young princesses, Elizabeth and Margaret.
Professional career.
Deciding to specialize in obstetrics, he served his National Service as a Lieutenant in the Royal Army Medical Corps in Singapore, where he did much of his specialist training under Benjamin Henry Sheares. Returning to civilian life at the Radcliffe Infirmary in Oxford, in 1958 he was appointed a consultant in obstetrics and gynaecology to St. Mary's Hospital and Samaritan Hospital for Women, both of which he served for the next 31 years. He later also held the position of Consulting Gynaecological Surgeon to the Middlesex Hospital; Soho Hospital for Women; Bolingbroke Hospital, Battersea; and the Radcliffe Infirmary from 1969-1980.
Pinker accepted an increasing involvement with the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists, serving as Honorary Treasurer, 1970-77. He was a past president of the British Fertility Society and supported the research that led to the birth in 1978 of Louise Brown, the first test-tube baby.
His work at the Royal College earned him international respect amongst obstetricians and gynaecologists. In 1980 he was elected Vice-President and finally President in 1987.
Wellbeing of Women.
In 1964 he and several distinguished colleagues founded the Childbirth Research Centre. Changing its name to Birthright in 1972, it is now Wellbeing of Women. Diana, Princess of Wales, whose two sons had been delivered by Pinker, became a patron in 1984.
On 12 October 2011, the Right Reverened Vincent Nichols gave the first annual Sir George Pinker Memorial Address.
Surgeon and gynecologist to the Queen.
In 1973 he succeeded Sir John Peel as surgeon gynaecologist to Queen Elizabeth II. The youngest person to be appointed to the post, he delivered nine royal babies: Earl of Ulster; Lady Rose Windsor; Lady Davina Windsor; Lord Frederick Windsor; Lady Gabriella Windsor; Peter Phillips; Zara Phillips; Prince William; and Prince Harry. All of these births took place at St. Mary's Hospital, Paddington, a significant break with royal tradition as all prior royal births had taken place at a royal residence.
In 1990, he was replaced by Marcus Setchell CVO.
Honours.
Pinker was appointed a CVO in 1983, and a KCVO in 1990. In the same year he authored the book 'Preparing for Pregnancy'. In 1991 he edited 'Clinical Gynecological Oncology'. He also contributed to several books - Diseases of Women by Ten Teachers (1964), Obstetrics by Ten Teachers (1964), A Short Textbook of Obstetrics and Gynaecology (1967).
Personal life.
Pinker married former nurse Dorothy Emma Russell in London on 31 March 1951. The couple had four children: Catherine & Ian (twins), Robert and William. His wife died in 2003.
Pinker enjoyed all music, but particularly opera. He became assistant concert director of Reading Symphony Orchestra, and then in 1988 vice-president of the London Choral Society. He was a keen skier, sailor, gardener and hill-walker.
Death and memorial service.
In his last years he was disabled by Parkinson's disease and partial blindness. Pinker died in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire on 29 April 2007.
A Memorial Service was held in October 2007 St Marylebone Church, London, attended by the Duchess of Gloucester and Queen Anne-Marie of Greece. In August 2008 it was reported that he left nearly £1.5million in his will to his four children.

</doc>
<doc id="20535489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535489" title="Parklands High School">
Parklands High School

Parklands High School can refer to:
A secondary school located on the North West Coast of Tasmania, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20535496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535496" title="Missin' You (It Will Break My Heart)">
Missin' You (It Will Break My Heart)

"Missin' You: It Will Break My Heart" is the 14th overall single released by singer Ken Hirai. It was released on January 30, 2002 under the label DefSTAR Records. 
"Missin' You: It Will Break My Heart" was featured on Hirai's 5th studio album, "Life Is...".
The single was produced by American producer Babyface. Babyface announced that the single would be released on May 22, 2002 under BMG Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20535517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535517" title="Maclean Strait">
Maclean Strait

Maclean Strait () is a natural waterway through the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. It separates the Findlay Group (to the south-west) from Ellef Ringnes Island and King Christian Island (to the north-east).

</doc>
<doc id="20535521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535521" title="Eve Leigh">
Eve Leigh

Eve Leigh is a theatre director who lives and works in London. Her production of Lisa Kron's "Well" transferred from the Trafalgar Studios to the Apollo Theatre. Her first production was her own adaptation of "The Dybbuk", by S. Ansky. It ran at the King's Head Theatre in Islington in January and February 2008. She graduated from Jesus College, Cambridge in 2006, where she studied history.
Awards.
"Well" was nominated for Best New Comedy at the Whatsonstage.com Theatregoers' Choice Awards in December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20535533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535533" title="Flabellina exoptata">
Flabellina exoptata

Flabellina exoptata, commonly known as the much-desired flabellina or desirable flabellina, is a species of colorful sea slug part of the nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Flabellinidae. 
The Much-desired flabellina is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-West Pacific.
This flabellina can reach a length of .

</doc>
<doc id="20535540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535540" title="Human rights in Mauritania">
Human rights in Mauritania

Human Rights in Mauritania is generally seen as poor according to international observers, including Freedom House, the United States Department of State, and Amnesty International.
With a July 2012 estimated population of 3.4 million, Mauritania is a highly centralized Islamic republic with no freedom of religion
Coming from French colonial rule, Mauritania was ethnically divided between Arabic speaking Berber tribal confederations of the north and sedentary black populations of the south, many of whom were traditionally bonded communities or enslaved individuals. The Mauritanian government has a history of discriminating against these Toucouleurs and Soninke people within its borders. One such example occurred in 1987, when the government imprisoned southerners and threw others out of the army, resulting in the Mauritania–Senegal Border War.
Amnesty International has accused the Mauritania legal system of functioning with a complete disregard of legal procedure, fair trial, or humane imprisonment. Amnesty International also has accused the Mauritanian government of an institutionalized and continuous use of torture for decades.
According to the constitution of Mauritania, international law prevails over domestic Mauritanian law as soon as the international law is published in the Official Gazette.
Respect for the integrity of the person.
Arbitrary or unlawful deprivation of life.
On 27 September 2011, a gendarme fired on demonstrators in Maghama, reportedly killing one person and wounding eight others. The demonstrators were protesting a national voter registration campaign that they believed would discriminate against Afro-Mauritanians due to an alleged lack of ethnic balance among officials evaluating citizenship. Demonstrators demanded greater Afro-Mauritanian representation and an unbiased citizenship verification procedure. On 27 September, Minister of the Interior Mohamed Ould Boilil publicly confirmed the reports and declared that the government would not permit disturbances of the peace. There was no reported investigation of the death by the end of 2011.
Disappearance.
There were no reports of politically motivated disappearances in 2011.
Torture and other cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or punishment.
The constitution and statutes of Mauritania prohibit these practices, and according to the governmental Commissariat for Human Rights, Humanitarian Action, and Relations with Civil Society, there were no documented cases of torture during 2011. Independent human rights observers, however, stated that security personnel tortured detainees to extract confessions. Torture methods in 2011 and previous years reportedly included kicking, beating, electric shocks, cigarette burns, pulling out of hair, sexual violence, suspension by the arms, shackling in painful positions, and deprivation of sleep and food. One prisoner described to Amnesty International how he was tortured in the "jaguar position", which consisted of tying the detainee's hands and feet together, suspending him from an iron bar, and hitting and
torturing him while in this position.
Prison and detention center conditions.
Prison conditions were harsh in 2011, and the government's capacity to administer detention facilities remained poor. There were credible reports of torture, beating, and abuse in police detention centers, several prisons throughout the country, and gendarmerie and military facilities. A new prison facility was opened in Aleg on 28 November, and another prison facility neared completion in Nouadhibou. The government, however, failed to allocate sufficient funds for improving prison conditions in the existing facilities during the year, and overcrowding, violence among inmates, and poor medical care in prisons continued. Many prisoners were unable to leave their extremely crowded cells or breathe fresh air for months or years at a time. Sanitation conditions were poor due to the lack of hygienic products such as soap and detergent and prison management's inability to dispose of waste properly. Malnutrition was a more serious problem, affecting vulnerable members of the prison population, particularly foreign inmates, prisoners without familial support, and individuals suffering from untreated diseases. The government did not respond robustly to allegations of inhumane conditions, although some progress was made in improving the quality of health care.
Serious overcrowding and a lack of running water contributed to the spread of diseases in 2011. Prisoners with health problems received little or no care, and medical supplies remained insufficient.
The holding areas in police stations in 2011 were also reportedly overcrowded, unsanitary, and poorly ventilated.
There were no ombudsmen at the prison level in 2011. Regulations allowed the inmates in an institution to choose one of their number to represent them in dealings with management, and inmates occasionally did so during 2011.
According to the penitentiary administration directorate in 2011, the women's prison is less crowded and therefore more comfortable than the men's. On the other hand, male guards participated in monitoring female inmates, who risked becoming victims of sexual violence.
Nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) in 2011 continued to denounce overcrowding and long pretrial detention. The large number of pretrial detainees exacerbated prison overcrowding. The detainees were frequently housed with convicted and often dangerous prisoners. As of 19 October, according to Ministry of Justice statistics, the prison population totaled 1,695, of whom 861 were convicts and 834 were unconvicted detainees. On 23 May, authorities removed a reported 13-14 suspected terrorists awaiting trial from Nouakchott Central Prison to an undisclosed location to improve prison security and disrupt illicit activity.
Because of poor security and dangerous prisoners sharing cells with less dangerous ones, prisoners lived in a climate of violence in 2011. Some had to pay bribes to other prisoners to avoid being brutalized and harassed.
Of the 54 children in detention, 34 were in a segregated courtyard of the Nouakchott Central Prison at end of 2011 after a juvenile detention center in Beyla suffered structural damage. Seventeen were being held in a detention center for the "reception and insertion" of youth in conflict with the law. The center's goal is to facilitate the social reintegration of children and youth. During the year officials released 30 children from this center and monitored their subsequent activities.
Women and female minors under 18 years of age were housed together in a separate location from the men and male minors in 2011. Sexual violence reportedly occurred in the women's prison, which employed both male and female guards. Children of female prisoners remained with their mothers or were placed by the Ministry of Justice in the temporary custody of family members.
Prisoners had access to visitors in 2011. The government permitted prison visits by NGOs, diplomats, and international human rights observers. The International Committee of the Red Cross had access to prisons and conducted multiple prison visits, including visits to terrorism suspects, in accordance with its standard modalities. There were reports that police did not inform family members or friends of the location and condition of detainees in a timely manner, preventing them from receiving adequate food.
There were no reports in 2011 that men were denied the right to observe Muslim prayer obligations individually, but the penitentiary administration confirmed that inmates did not have regular access to imams.
Arbitrary arrest or detention.
The constitution and statutes of Mauritania prohibit arbitrary arrest and detention, but authorities in 2011 did not observe these prohibitions. In some cases, authorities arbitrarily arrested and detained protesters and journalists.
Human rights and other observers accused the government of exceeding the legal limits for pretrial detention in 2011. Security forces at times arrested demonstrators engaged in sit-ins, marches, or rallies, and held them longer than the regulations allow. On 29 September, the media reported that following a violent protest in Nouakchott against the national registration initiative, security forces entered private residences without warrants and arrested approximately 20 individuals.
By law, a minor may not be held for more than six months while awaiting trial. Nevertheless there were reports in 2011 that a large number of individuals, including minors, remained in pretrial detention for extended periods due to judicial ineptitude.
Role of the police and security apparatus.
The National Police, under the Ministry of the Interior, are responsible for law enforcement and maintaining order in urban areas. The National Guard, also under the Ministry of the Interior, performs limited police functions in keeping with its peacetime role as security support at government facilities. The National Guard may also be called on by regional authorities to restore civil order during large-scale disturbances such as rioting. The gendarmerie, a specialized paramilitary group under the Ministry of Defense, is responsible for maintaining civil order within and outside of metropolitan areas, as well as providing law enforcement services in rural areas. On 11 October 2011, a new police force, the General Group for Road Safety, began operations under the Ministry of the Interior.
The police were poorly paid, trained, and equipped in 2011. Corruption and impunity were serious problems.
The government rarely held security officials accountable or prosecuted them for abuses in 2011. The Ethics Police operates as an internal affairs division and as a mechanism to investigate security force abuses. In practice, this unit did not publicly review security force abuses.
Arrest procedures and treatment while in detention.
The application of constitutional safeguards continued to vary widely from case to case in 2011.
The law requires duly authorized arrest warrants, but they were not commonly used in 2011.
The law requires that, in most cases, courts review the legality of a person's detention within 48 hours of arrest. Police may extend the period for an additional 48 hours, and a prosecutor or court can detain persons for up to 15 days in national security cases. Authorities generally respected the two-week deadline for formally arraigning or releasing terrorism suspects in national security cases.
Only after the prosecutor submits charges does a suspect have the right to contact an attorney. By law, indigent defendants are entitled to attorneys at state expense, but in practice attorneys were not provided in 2011.
There was a bail system in 2011, but sometimes judges arbitrarily refused lawyers' requests for bail or set inordinately high bail amounts.
Pretrial detention.
In 2011, lawyers highlighted the lengthy incarceration of detainees and delays in organizing court hearings, but no statistics on the average length of detention or length of pretrial procedures were available.
Amnesty.
During 2011, President Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz pardoned 269 prisoners, including eight women sentenced for "zina", or sexual relations outside marriage. Human rights activists and individuals associated with drug trafficking were also among those released.
Denial of fair public trial.
The constitution and statutes of Mauritania provide for an independent judiciary, but it was not independent in practice in 2011. The executive branch continued to exercise significant influence over the judiciary through its ability to appoint and remove judges. The government generally respected court orders.
Poorly educated and trained judges were susceptible in 2011 to social, financial, and tribal pressures that limited judicial fairness. On 15 May, three juveniles received the death penalty, in violation of national legislation and ratified international conventions, for their role in the death of another minor. Observers suggested that the court was influenced by tribal and social factors. On 12 December, the sentences were reduced to 12 years in prison and a combined 1.2 million ouguiya (US$4,130) fine.
During 2011, international donors, including the International Organization for Migration and the World Bank, funded training for prosecutors and judges with the aim of increasing judicial professionalism.
Trial procedures.
Shari'a provides the legal principles upon which the law and legal procedure are based.
The law provides for due process. Defendants are presumed innocent. They have the right to a public trial and to be present during their trial. Juries are not used. All defendants, regardless of the court or their ability to pay, have the legal right to representation by counsel during proceedings. Although a court should appoint an attorney free of charge to represent a defendant lacking the ability to pay, this measure was rarely followed during 2011. Defendants have the right of appeal. Defendants can confront or question witnesses and present witnesses and evidence in both civil and criminal cases. By law, defendants have access to government-held evidence, but access in 2011 was difficult in practice. These rights were extended to minorities. The foregoing rights generally were observed in practice for men but did not extend equally to women.
The courts in 2011 did not treat women equally in all cases. Lawyers also reported that in some instances, the unequal treatment of women was based on such considerations as a woman's caste or nationality.
A special court hears cases involving persons under the age of 18. Children who appeared before the court received more lenient sentences than adults, and extenuating circumstances received greater consideration in juvenile cases. The minimum age for children to be tried is 12 years old. Children between the ages of 12 and 18 who are convicted of a crime are sentenced to detention centers for minors.
Political prisoners and detainees.
There were no reports in 2011 of political prisoners or detainees.
Civil judicial procedures and remedies.
Complaints of human rights violations are within the jurisdiction of the Administrative Court. Individuals or organizations can appeal decisions to international regional courts. Nongovernmental organization representatives stated they collaborated with the court in 2011, but the court was not impartial in practice. There are administrative and judiciary remedies through the social chamber of the Court of Appeals and through the Supreme Court.
Arbitrary interference with privacy, family, home, or correspondence.
The constitution of Mauritania prohibits such actions, and the government generally respected these prohibitions in practice in 2011.
Respect for civil liberties.
Freedom of speech and press.
Status of freedom of speech and press.
The constitution of Mauritania provides for freedom of speech, and the government in 2011 generally respected this right in practice. Individuals could criticize the government publicly or privately. Two daily newspapers and all broadcast media were government-owned, but several independent daily publications were active and generally expressed a wide variety of views with limited restrictions. Newspapers are relatively free of government pressure.
Some journalists practiced self-censorship when covering topics deemed sensitive, including the military forces, corruption, and the application of Shari'a. There were reports that police detained and questioned journalists during 2011 in connection with their coverage of such topics as protests and slavery. Some opposition leaders asserted that they had no effective access to official media.
Independent media remained the principal source of information for most citizens in 2011, followed by government media. Government media focused primarily on official news but provided some coverage of opposition activities and views throughout the year. The government-owned TV Mauritania occasionally broadcast programs covering opposition activities. During the national political dialogue in September and October, government media maintained balanced coverage of opposition and pro-government statements.
Actions to expand press freedom.
On 5 October 2011, the legislative branch adopted amendments to the 2006 Press Freedom Law that abolished prison sentences for slander and defamation of individuals, including heads of state and accredited ambassadors. Fines for these offenses remain in effect. Some journalists continued to object to the "elastic" application of the law, which they assert could be interpreted loosely to penalize journalists for their reporting.
Signaling the end of the government's 51-year monopoly of the broadcast media, on 18 September 2011, the High Press and Audiovisual Authority (HAPA) began taking applications for five new radio stations and five new television channels to be owned by nongovernmental entities. HAPA received 17 applications for radio stations and nine applications for television channels. On 20 November, HAPA announced that two independent television stations and five independent radio stations received permission to broadcast. Some members of the opposition asserted that the permits issued favored progovernment interests.
Internet freedom.
The OpenNet Initiative (ONI) classified Mauritania as engaged in selective Internet filtering in the political area and found no evidence of filtering in the social, security/conflict, and Internet tools areas in 2009. There is no individual ONI country profile for Mauritania, but it is included in the ONI regional overview for the Middle East and North Africa.
There were no government restrictions on access to the Internet or reports that the government monitored email or Internet chat rooms in 2010. Individuals and groups could engage in the peaceful expression of views via the Internet, including by e-mail. There is a law prohibiting child pornography with penalties of two months to one year imprisonment and a 160,000 to 300,000 ouguiya ($550 to $1,034) fine.
Internet access is available in urban areas throughout the country, with home access common among the affluent and internet cafés serving the remainder of the population. According to International Telecommunication Union statistics for 2009, approximately 2.28 percent of the country's inhabitants used the Internet.
Between 16 March and 19 March 2009 and again on 25 June 2009 the news Web site Taqadoumy was blocked. On 26 February 2010, Hanevy Ould Dehah, director of Taqadoumy, received a presidential pardon after being detained since December 2009 despite having served his sentence for crimes against Islam and paying all imposed fines and legal fees. Dehah, who was originally arrested in June 2009 on charges of defamation of presidential candidate Ibrahima Sarr for publishing an article stating that Sarr bought a house with campaign money from General Aziz. Dehah, was sentenced in August 2009 to six months in prison and fined 30,000 ouguiya ($111) for committing acts contrary to Islam and decency. The sentencing judge accused Dehah of creating a space allowing individuals to express anti-Islamic and indecent views, based on a female reader's comments made on the Taqadoumy site calling for increased sexual freedom.
Academic freedom and cultural events.
There were no government restrictions in 2011 on academic freedom or cultural events.
Freedom of peaceful assembly and association.
Freedom of assembly.
The constitution of Mauritania provides for freedom of assembly. The law requires that organizers apply to the local prefect (hakim) for permission to hold large meetings or assemblies. Authorities generally granted permission in 2011 but on some occasions denied it in circumstances that suggested the application of political criteria.
Security forces on several occasions in 2011 forcefully dispersed unauthorized demonstrations organized by the Youth of February 25, a group seeking political, social, and economic reforms, and the Do Not Touch My Nationality movement, which was protesting the registration drive. On 4 August, according to Amnesty International, authorities arrested four antislavery activists for participating in a protest against the alleged enslavement of a 10-year-old girl. The four men were charged with "unauthorized gathering" and "rebellion" and were given six-month suspended sentences by a Nouakchott court. Another participant whom police detained alleged that police kicked and punched him.
Freedom of association.
The constitution of Mauritania provides for freedom of association, and the government generally respected this right in 2011.
All political parties and local nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) must register with the Ministry of the Interior. The government encouraged local NGOs to join the government-sponsored Civil Society Platform during 2011. The approximately 300 NGOs that are members of the platform do not receive government funding.
There were approximately 78 accredited political parties and NGOs in 2011, and they generally functioned openly, issuing public statements, and choosing their own leadership. The government generally did not prevent unrecognized political parties or NGOs from functioning.
Freedom of religion.
The constitution, statutes, and policies of Mauritania restrict religious freedom. The 1991 constitution defines the country as an Islamic republic and recognizes Islam as the sole religion of its citizens and the state.
Because of this stance, all non-Muslims are prohibited from being citizens of the country. Persons who convert from Islam lose their citizenship. Article 306 of the Penal Code outlaws apostasy. It states that any Muslim found guilty of the crime will be given the opportunity to repent within three days and if the person does not repent, the individual will be sentenced to death and the person's property will be confiscated by the Treasury.
The government and citizenry consider Islam to be the essential cohesive element unifying the various ethnic groups in the country. There is a cabinet-level Ministry of Islamic Affairs and Traditional Education tasked with enacting and communicating fatwas, fighting religious extremism, promoting research in Islamic studies, organizing the pilgrimage and the Umrah, and monitoring mosques. The High Council of Islam, consisting of six imams, advises the government on conformance of legislation to Islamic precepts.
There were no reports of abuses of religious freedom in 2011. In an effort to curtail radical extremism, the government collaborated with independent religious organizations on various round tables focused on moderation in Islam.
There were no reports in 2011 of societal abuses or discrimination based on religious affiliation, belief, or practice; however, international organizations active among Christians reported that persons who participated in Christian gatherings were ostracized by their families and neighbors.
The government prohibits the printing and distribution of non-Islamic religious materials, although possession of these materials is legal. Although there is no specific legal prohibition against proselytizing by non-Muslims, in practice the government prohibits such activity through the broad interpretation of Article 5 of the constitution that states, "Islam shall be the religion of the people and of the State." There is an unofficial government requirement that restricts non-Muslims to holding worship services only in the few Christian churches in the country. The government requires that religious groups receive official authorization before they can meet, even in private homes. In practice, officials did not always enforce this requirement in 2011.
The government does not register religious groups; however, nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), including humanitarian and development NGOs affiliated with religious groups, must register with the Ministry of the Interior. NGOs must agree to refrain from proselytizing or otherwise promoting any religion other than Islam.
Freedom of movement, internally displaced persons, protection of refugees, and stateless persons.
The constitution and statutes of Mauritania provide for freedom of movement within the country, foreign travel, emigration, and repatriation. The government generally respected these rights in 2011, but there were exceptions.
The government cooperated with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the International Organization for Migration, and other humanitarian organizations in providing protection and assistance to internally displaced persons, refugees, returning refugees, asylum seekers, stateless persons, and other persons of concern. In practice, resources provided by the government were inadequate.
Persons lacking identity cards in 2011 could not travel freely in some regions. In response to what it described as an increased terrorist threat, the government set up mobile roadblocks where gendarmerie, police, or customs officials checked the papers of travelers. These roadblocks often provided the occasion for officials to demand bribes.
Unlike in 2010, authorities did not restrict international travel of some opposition members in 2011.
Protection of refugees.
The laws of Mauritania provide for the granting of asylum or refugee status, and the government has established a system for providing protection to refugees. The National Consultative Commission for Refugees (CNCR) is the national body for determining refugee status. The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees carries out refugee status determinations under its mandate and presents cases to the CNCR for recognition.
In 2011, the government provided protection against the expulsion or return of refugees to countries where their lives or freedoms would be threatened on account of their race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion. The government protected approximately 500 refugees during the year.
Under agreements with the Economic Community of West African States on freedom of movement, the government in 2011 allowed West African migrants to remain in the country, deporting only those found illegally seeking to reach the Canary Islands. According to Interior Ministry statistics, 2,001 migrants were returned to their country of origin during the year.
Mauritanian law provides refugees with access to the job market and basic services, including health care and education. The UNHCR provided assistance to refugees with revenue-generating activities throughout 2011.
Under an official multiyear repatriation agreement with Senegal, thousands of refugees from that country have returned to Mauritania. The National Agency for the Welcome and Reintegration of Refugees (ANAIR) is responsible for overseeing the reintegration of repatriated refugees, providing administration and identification support, and contributing to the social and economic development of resettlement areas. Reintegration of returnees into communities has been challenging due to inefficient sanitation, health, and education infrastructure, and land disputes. Initially, the majority of Afro-Mauritanian returnees were unable to obtain identity cards and birth certificates, but according to ANAIR, all returnees are included, or scheduled to be included, in the new national registration database that was launched on 6 May 2011.
Respect for political rights: the right of citizens to change their government.
The constitution of Mauritania provides citizens the right to change their government peacefully, and the country accomplished a peaceful transition from military rule with the presidential election of 2009, followed the same year by the indirect election of one-third of the seats in the Senate. However, the government indefinitely postponed scheduled elections of municipal councilors, the members of the National Assembly, and another third of Senate seats, due to inability to reach agreement with opposition parties.
Elections and political participation.
Mauritania returned to constitutional rule in 2009 following the Dakar Accord, which resulted in the agreement of President Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi to resign and the formation of a Transitional Government of National Unity.
In an election held in 2009, former High State Council leader General Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz won 53 percent of the vote. Although some opposition groups claimed the election was fraudulent and requested an investigation, the Constitutional Council certified the election.
Elections by municipal councils to fill one-third of the seats in the Senate, also in 2009, resulted in a large win for the Union for the Republic. Opposition and independent candidates denounced what they characterized as heavy pressure on the municipal councilors to vote for majority party candidates and on independent candidates to withdraw. Authorities did not investigate these complaints.
Indirect elections for another one third of the Senate seats were originally scheduled for 24 April 2011, but they were postponed twice due to the inability of the government and a coalition of opposition parties to agree on the opposition's demand that the Electoral Code be rewritten, the ruling coalition dissolved, and laws regulating the media reformed. The opposition coalition indicated it would not participate in elections until its demands were met. The majority and opposition parties engaged in a national dialogue from 17 September to 19 October to resolve their political impasse, but no timetable for Senate, National Assembly, or municipal elections had been established by the end of 2011. The Constitutional Council subsequently ruled that a delay of parliamentary elections through May 2012 would be legal.
There were 18 women in the National Assembly and six in the 56-seat Senate in 2011. The 27-member cabinet included three women, three Black Moors, and five Afro-Mauritanians. The law requires that women make up at least 20 percent of candidates on legislative candidate lists. It was observed in practice during 2011.
Official corruption and government transparency.
The law provides criminal penalties for official corruption, but authorities in 2011 did not enforce the law effectively, and officials often engaged in corrupt practices with impunity. Corrupt practices were widely believed to exist at all levels of government, and the World Bank's Worldwide Governance Indicators reflected that corruption was a severe problem. Mauritania ranked 143 out of 183 countries in the 2011 Corruption Perceptions Index reported by Transparency International.
There were reports in 2011 that government officials frequently used their power to obtain such favors as unauthorized exemption from taxes, special grants of land, and preferential treatment during bidding on government projects. Corruption was most pervasive in government procurement, bank loans, fishing-license distribution, land distribution, and tax payments.
The Ministry of the Interior's Economic Crimes Brigade and the Office of the Inspector General were responsible in 2011 for investigating corruption. On 16 January, the Judiciary Council created the Criminal Division for Economic and Financial Crimes, a special chamber responsible for economic crimes, to reinforce the legal efforts against corruption. During the year, this body completed seven investigations resulting in the dismissal of several government officials.
Corruption and impunity were also serious problems in the police force in 2011, and the government rarely held security officials accountable or prosecuted them for abuses. Police regularly demanded bribes at nightly roadblocks in Nouakchott and at checkpoints between cities. There were numerous reports that police arbitrarily detained individuals for several hours or overnight at roadblocks in Nouakchott or other towns. According to these reports, police detained motorists or passengers without asking for identity papers or vehicle registration, and without searching the vehicles. Judicial corruption was also a problem.
In 2011, the government enforced the requirement that senior officials, including the President, file a declaration of their personal assets at the beginning and end of their service. Senior officials reportedly disclose their assets through an internal procedure, but the information is not released to the public.
The law provides for public access to government information, and the government granted such access to citizens and noncitizens, including foreign media, during 2011.
Governmental attitude regarding international and nongovernmental investigation of alleged violations of human rights.
Several domestic and international human rights groups generally operated without government restriction in 2011, investigating and publishing their findings on human rights cases. Government officials were somewhat cooperative and responsive to their views.
An independent ombudsman organization, the National Commission on Human Rights, includes government and civil society representatives. In 2011, it actively monitored human rights and advocated for government action to correct violations.
Discrimination, societal abuses, and trafficking in persons.
The constitution and statutes of Mauritania provide for the equality for all citizens regardless of race, national origin, sex, or social status and prohibit racial or ethnic propaganda. But the government in 2011 often favored individuals on the basis of racial and tribal affiliation, social status, and political ties.
Women.
According to nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), the incidence of both reported and unreported rape in 2011 continued to be high, and rape was considered a serious problem. Rape, including spousal rape, is illegal. According to the Penal Code, rapists who are single men faced penalties of forced labor and flagellation. Married rapists could be subject to the death penalty. In practice, rape cases rarely went to trial. In several cases, wealthy rape suspects reportedly avoided prosecution or, if prosecuted, avoided prison. Families of the victim commonly reached an agreement with the rapist for monetary compensation. National statistics on arrests, prosecutions, and convictions for rape were unavailable. Human rights activists and lawyers reported that rape victims were stigmatized, persecuted, and even imprisoned. Since rape was tied to the concept of adultery, judges could hold the victim responsible for the rape. There were no convictions for rape during 2011.
Domestic violence was considered a serious problem in 2011. Spousal abuse and domestic violence are illegal, but the government did not enforce the law effectively, and most cases went unreported. There are no specific penalties for domestic violence, and convictions were very rare. No reliable government statistics on prosecutions, convictions, and sentences for domestic violence were available. In 2010, the Association of Female Heads of Families (AFCF) provided legal assistance to 1,753 domestic violence victims. Police and the judiciary occasionally intervened in domestic abuse cases, but women rarely sought legal redress, relying instead on family, NGOs, and community leaders to resolve domestic disputes. Many domestic violence cases are handled by a traditional judge under Shari'a outside the secular system. NGOs reported that in certain cases they had turned directly to police for help to protect victims of domestic violence, but police declined to investigate.
Traditional forms of mistreatment of women appeared to decline during 2011. One of these is the forced feeding of adolescent girls (gavage) prior to marriage practiced only among White Moor tribal groups. Increased government, media, and civil society attention to the problem, including the health risks associated with excessive body weight, led to a marked decline in the traditional encouragement of female obesity. Overeating to conform to cultural standards was practiced primarily in rural areas, but many urban women endangered their health by taking pills to gain weight or increase their appetite.
There are no laws against sexual harassment. Women's NGOs reported in 2011 that it was a common problem in the workplace.
The government in 2011 recognized the right of individuals and couples to decide freely and responsibly the number, spacing, and timing of their children and to have the information and means to do so free from discrimination, violence, or coercion. Reproductive issues were a sensitive topic and a focus of some women's groups. Government health centers did not provide unmarried women with access to contraception, and did so for married women only with the consent of the husband. Contraception was available at private health centers for those who could afford it.
Women have legal rights to property and child custody, and these rights were recognized in 2011 among the more educated and urbanized members of the population. However, women's legal rights were restricted in comparison with those of men. Divorced women could potentially lose child custody if they remarried. By local tradition, a woman's first marriage requires parental consent. In accordance with the personal status code, men can marry up to four women but are required to obtain the consent of their existing spouse or spouses before marrying again. Government awareness programs encouraged women to obtain a contractual agreement at the time of marriage stipulating that the marriage ends if the husband marries a second wife. This practice was common in Moor society. Nevertheless, women who did not establish a solid contract remained unprotected. In addition, the validity of and right to establish prenuptial agreements were not always respected. Polygamy continued to be rare among Moors but was gaining in popularity. It was common among other ethnic groups. Arranged marriages were increasingly rare, particularly among the Moor population. Cultural resistance to marriages among members of different castes persisted, and NGOs reported that powerful individuals used the judicial system to intimidate and persecute members of their families who married below their social rank.
Women still faced legal discrimination in 2011, and they were considered minors in the eyes of the law. According to Shari'a as applied in Mauritania, the testimony of two women was necessary to equal that of one man. The courts granted only half as large an indemnity to the family of a woman who was killed as to the family of a man. Formulas for property distribution varied widely from case to case. Human rights lawyers reported that judges treated differently cases concerning White Moor women, female slaves or other lower-caste women, and foreign women. The personal status code provides a framework for the consistent application of secular law and Shari'a-based family law, but it is not uniformly employed.
Women did not face legal discrimination in 2011 in areas not addressed specifically by Shari'a. The law provides that men and women should receive equal pay for equal work. The two largest employers, the civil service and the state mining company, observed this law, although most employers in the private sector did not apply it in practice. In the modern wage sector, women also received family benefits, including three months of maternity leave.
Children.
The law makes special provision for children's welfare, and there were government programs in 2011 to care for abandoned children. But inadequate funding hampered the effectiveness of these programs.
Birth registration.
By law, citizenship is normally derived from one's father. Citizenship can be derived from one's mother under the following two conditions: (1) if the mother is a citizen and the father's nationality is unknown; or (2) if the child was born in Mauritania to a citizen mother and repudiates the father's nationality a year before reaching majority. Children born abroad to citizens can acquire citizenship one year before reaching majority. Minor children of parents who have become naturalized citizens are also eligible for citizenship.
In most of the country in 2011, the government generally registered births immediately, but in the south, many citizens reported not having birth certificates or national identity papers. In addition, some slaves did not have birth certificates. There was no official data about the number of unregistered births.
Education.
The law mandates six years of school attendance for all children, but the law was not effectively enforced in 2011. Many children, particularly girls, did not attend school for six years. Children of slave-caste families often did not receive an education.
Public education was tuition-free through university level. Classes were fully integrated in 2011, including both boys and girls and students from all social and ethnic groups.
In addition to public schools, almost all children, regardless of gender or ethnic group, attended Qur'anic school between the ages of five and seven and gained at least rudimentary skills in reading and writing Arabic.
Child abuse.
Child abuse was reported, but no data was available to indicate its prevalence in 2011.
Child marriage.
The legal marriage age is 18, but the law was rarely enforced, and reports of child marriage were widespread. Because consensual sex outside of marriage is illegal, a "weli" (tutor) can present a case to local authorities requesting permission for a girl younger than 18 years old to marry. In practice, authorities frequently granted this permission.
Harmful traditional practices.
Female genital mutilation (FGM) was practiced in 2011 by all ethnic groups and performed on young girls, often on the seventh day after birth and almost always before the age of six months. The child protection Penal Code states that any act or attempt to damage a female child's sexual organs is punishable by imprisonment and a 120,000 to 300,000 ouguiya (US$410 to $1,034) penalty. The most recent statistics on FGM indicated a decrease in incidence from 71 percent in 2001 to 65 percent in 2007, mainly due to a decline in the practice among urban dwellers. Infibulation, the most severe form of excision, was not practiced.
The government and international nongovernmental organizations continued in 2011 to coordinate their anti-FGM efforts, which were focused on eradicating the practice in hospitals, discouraging midwives from practicing FGM, and educating the population. The government, the United Nations Population Fund, the United Nations Children's Fund, and the national Imams' Association joined other civil society members to emphasize the serious health risks of FGM and correct the widespread belief that the practice was a religious requirement. Government hospitals and licensed medical practitioners were barred from performing FGM, and several government agencies worked to prevent others from perpetrating it. According to several women's rights experts, these efforts appeared to be changing popular attitudes.
Sexual exploitation of children.
Mauritanian law prohibits adult sexual relations with a child, with penalties of six months to two years in prison and a 120,000 to 180,000 ouguiya (US$410 to $620) fine. The possession of child pornography is also illegal, with penalties of two months to one year in prison and a 160,000 to 300,000 ouguiya (US$550 to $1,034) fine. Commercial sexual exploitation of children is illegal and conviction carries penalties of two to five years in prison and a fine of 200,000 to 2 million ouguiya (US$690 to $6,900). In some instances, men from the Middle East contracted "temporary marriages" as a means to traffic and exploit young Mauritanian girls and women in the Middle East.
Displaced children.
Although the Ministry of Social Affairs, Children, and the Family monitored 900 of the estimated 1,200 street children in Nouakchott through its youth insertion centers in Dar Naim and El Mina, government assistance to street children in 2011 was limited. During the year, the local nongovernmental organization Infancy and Development in Mauritania monitored 760 children in Nouakchott and Nouadhibou who lived on the streets largely as the result of poverty and the urbanization of formerly nomadic families.
International child abductions.
Mauritania is not a party to the 1980 Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction.
Anti-semitism.
A very small number of expatriates practiced Judaism. There were no reports in 2011 of anti-Semitic acts.
Trafficking in persons.
Mauritania is a source, transit, and destination country for women, men, and children subjected to conditions of forced labor and sex trafficking. Adults and children from traditional slave castes are subjected to slavery-related practices rooted in ancestral master-slave relationships. Reliable data on the total number of slaves do not exist, but according to the estimate of a respected Mauritanian nongovernmental organization (NGO), slavery may affect up to 20 percent of the population in both rural and urban settings. Held for generations by slave-holding families, persons subjected to slavery are forced to work without pay as cattle herders and domestic servants.
Some boys from within Mauritania and other West African countries who study at Koranic schools – referred to as "talibes" – are subsequently subjected to forced begging by corrupt religious teachers known as "marabouts".
Mauritanian girls as well as girls from Mali, Senegal, The Gambia, and other West African countries are forced into domestic servitude. Mauritanian women and girls are forced into prostitution in the country or transported to countries in the Middle East for the same purpose. Men from Middle Eastern countries use legally contracted "temporary marriages" as a means to sexually exploit young girls and women in Mauritania.
The government does not fully comply with the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking, but it is making efforts to do so. The government acknowledges that some forms of trafficking are a problem in the country. For the first time in its history, in November 2011, the government successfully prosecuted and punished a slave-master under its 2007 anti-slavery law. In early 2011, the Parliament approved a constitutional provision criminalizing slavery and all forms of exploitation, equating them to crimes against humanity. In August, the government also enacted a new statute to strengthen the Labor Code governing the employment of domestic workers in private households. Despite these efforts, investigations and prosecutions in 2011 remained minimal and protective services for victims were inadequate.
All forms of trafficking, except hereditary slavery, are prohibited by Mauritania's 2003 Law Against Trafficking in Persons, which prescribes penalties of five to 10 years' imprisonment for violations. These penalties are sufficiently stringent and exceed those prescribed for rape.
Slavery, including hereditary slavery, is prohibited by Law 2007-048, which was enacted in September 2007. The law defines slavery and prescribes a sufficiently stringent penalty of five to 10 years' imprisonment for violations. The law's effectiveness remains impaired by its requirement that slaves file a legal complaint before prosecution can be pursued as well as by its barring of NGOs from filing complaints on behalf of slaves. Many slaves are illiterate and unable to complete the paperwork involved in filing a criminal or civil complaint. The government in 2011 provided no support for programs to assist victims in filing complaints on slavery.
Persons with disabilities.
Mauritanian law prohibits discrimination against persons with physical disabilities in education, employment, or the provision of other state services. There were no reports in 2011 of governmental discrimination against persons with disabilities. However, persons with disabilities generally did not have access to buildings, information, and communications, and there were no government programs to provide such access. The government did not mandate preference in employment, education, or public accessibility for persons with disabilities, although it did provide some rehabilitation and other assistance for such persons.
National, racial, and ethnic minorities.
Ethnic minorities faced governmental discrimination in 2011. The inconsistent issuance of national identification cards, which were required for voting, effectively disenfranchised many members of southern minority groups. Racial and cultural tension and discrimination also arose from the geographic and cultural divides between Moors and Afro-Mauritanians. The Moors are divided among numerous ethnolinguistic tribal and clan groups and further distinguished as either White Moor or Black Moor, although it was often difficult to distinguish between the two by skin color. White Moor tribes and clans, many of whom are dark-skinned after centuries of intermarriage with Berbers and sub-Saharan African groups, dominated positions in government and business. The Black Moors (also called haratines or freed slaves) remained politically and economically weaker than White Moors. Afro-Mauritanian ethnic groups, which include the Halpulaar (the largest non-Moor group), Wolof, and Soninke, are concentrated in the South and urban areas. Afro-Mauritanians were underrepresented in the government and military.
The Mauritanian constitution designates Arabic as the official language and Arabic, Pulaar, Soninke, and Wolof as the country's national languages. The government continued to encourage French and Arabic bilingualism within the school system, as opposed to earlier efforts at "arabization". Neither the Afro-Mauritanian national languages nor the local Hassaniya Arabic dialect were used as languages of instruction.
Ethnic rivalry in 2011 contributed to political divisions and tensions. Some political parties tended to have readily identifiable ethnic bases, although political coalitions continued to be underrepresented in mid- to high-level public and private sector jobs.
There were numerous reports in 2011 of land disputes between former slaves, Afro-Mauritanians, and Moors. According to human rights activists and press reports, local authorities allowed Moors to expropriate land occupied by former slaves and Afro-Mauritanians or to obstruct access to water and pastures.
In 2011, human rights nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) reported numerous cases of inheritance disputes between slaves or former slaves and their masters. Traditionally, slave masters inherited their slaves' possessions.
The Mauritanian government's Program to Eradicate the Effects of Slavery, begun in 2009, continued during 2011. Its goals were to reduce poverty among the 44,750 former slaves in the Assaba, Brakna, Gorgol, and Hodh Ech Chargui regions and improve their access to water, health, education, and income-generating opportunities. However, the program's activities were reduced during 2011 after former human rights commissioner Ould Daddeh was arrested along with senior-level staff, including its coordinator and its financial director, on findings of corruption in a government inspection. NGOs maintained that the commissioner was arrested for political reasons.
The government also continued in 2011 its collaborative program with the United Nations on conflict prevention aimed at promoting democratic values and the rights of marginalized populations, including former slaves. According to the NGO SOS Esclaves, these programs focused on fighting poverty and the effects of slavery rather than the practice of slavery itself.
Societal abuses, discrimination, and acts of violence based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
Under Shari'a, as applied in Mauritania, consensual same-sex sexual activity between men is punishable by death if witnessed by four individuals, and such activity between women is punishable by three months to two years in prison and a 5,000 to 60,000 ouguiya (US$17 to $207) fine. There were no criminal prosecutions during the year. There was no evidence of societal violence, societal discrimination, or systematic government discrimination based on sexual orientation. There were no organizations advocating for sexual orientation or gender-identity rights, but there were no legal impediments to the operation of such groups.
Other societal violence or discrimination.
There was no evidence of governmental discrimination against persons with HIV/AIDS, but societal taboos and beliefs associated with the disease in some areas caused infected persons to face isolation or exclusion.
Worker rights.
Freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining.
Mauritanian law allows workers to form and join independent unions of their choice and provides the right to conduct legal strikes and to bargain collectively, although long and complex procedures must be followed before a legal strike can be called. Workers and unions organized several strikes during 2011. International labor observers reported that authorities also repressed a number of strikes. The government can dissolve a union for what it considers an illegal or politically motivated strike, but it did not dissolve any unions during the year. Workers must provide advance notice of at least 10 working days for any strike. Workers are not allowed to hold sit-ins or to block nonstriking workers from entering work premises.
To be legally recognized, a union must have the authorization of the public prosecutor, who can provisionally suspend a trade union at the request of the Ministry of the Interior if the ministry believes that the union has not complied with the law.
Laws prohibit antiunion discrimination. Under the law, all workers except members of the armed forces and police were free in 2011 to associate in and establish unions at the local and national levels. In 2011, nearly 90 percent of industrial and commercial workers were unionized. However, only 25 percent of workers were employed in regularly paid positions. A majority worked in the informal sector, primarily subsistence agriculture and animal husbandry.
Unions exercised their right to organize workers during 2011. However, the head of government decides how negotiations are to be conducted once the Ministry for the Civil Service agrees on negotiations.
While antiunion discrimination is illegal, national human rights groups and unions reported that authorities did not actively investigate alleged antiunion practices in some private firms owned by very wealthy citizens.
Prohibition of forced or compulsory labor.
The law prohibits forced or compulsory labor, including by children. The law criminalizes the practice of slavery and imposes penalties on government officials who do not take action on reported cases. The law includes criminal penalties also for contracting to benefit from forced labor and for exploiting forced labor as part of an organized criminal network. Although significant advances were made during 2011, government efforts to enforce the antislavery law were widely acknowledged to be inadequate when compared with the dimensions of the problem.
There were reports in 2011 of forced child labor.
Slavery-like practices, typically flowing from ancestral master-slave relationships and involving both adults and children, continued in 2011. Former slaves and their descendants were impelled to remain in a dependent status in part of the lack of marketable skills, poverty, and persistent drought. Such practices occurred primarily in areas where educational levels were generally low or a barter economy still prevailed, and in urban centers, including Nouakchott, where slavery-like domestic service existed. The practices commonly occurred where there was a need for workers to herd livestock, tend fields, and do other manual labor. Some former slaves and descendants of slaves were pushed into working for their old masters in exchange for some combination of money, lodging, food, and medical care. Individuals in these subservient circumstances were vulnerable to mistreatment. Women with children faced particular difficulties and could be compelled to remain in a condition of servitude, performing domestic duties, tending fields, or herding animals without remuneration.
Some former slaves reportedly continued to work in 2011 for their former masters or others without remuneration in order to retain access to land they traditionally farmed. Although the law provides for distribution of land to the landless, including to former slaves, authorities have enforced it in only a few cases. Nongovernmental organization observers suggested that deeply embedded psychological and tribal bonds also made it difficult for many individuals whose forbearers had been slaves for generations, to break their bonds with former masters or their tribes. Some persons continued to link themselves to former masters because they believed their slave status had been divinely ordained and they feared religious punishment if that bond were broken. Former slaves were often subjected to social discrimination and limited to performing manual labor in markets, ports, and airports.
Forced labor also occurred in 2011 in urban centers where young children, often girls, were retained as unpaid household servants. Some individuals self-identified as slaves or masters and claimed with varying degrees of plausibility that they were unaware that slavery had been abolished. Human rights groups reported that persons in slave-like relationships were persuaded by their masters to deny the relationship to activists.
In 2011, men, women, and children were trafficked for and subjected to domestic service, street begging for unscrupulous religious teachers, and slave-like relationships as domestic servants or herders. The law criminalizes the practice of slavery and imposes penalties on government officials who do not take action on reported cases.
On 13 April 2011, the government tried its first case under the antislavery law. The defendants were acquitted the same day. On 20 November, the first conviction for slavery was obtained in the case of two enslaved youths. The master received a sentence of two years' imprisonment, and his family members received suspended sentences. They were also ordered to pay a fine of 1.35 million ouguiya (US$4,655). The mother of the two youths received a one-year suspended sentence.
The government also prosecuted an alleged slaveholder using the lesser charge of child exploitation, and on 16 January 2011, a court convicted her and prescribed a jail sentence. In March, however, the Nouakchott Court of Appeals acquitted her.
Prohibition of child labor and minimum age for employment.
The law provides that children cannot be employed before the age of 14 in the nonagricultural sector or under age 13 in the agricultural sector unless the minister of labor grants an exception due to local circumstances; however, child labor in the informal sector was a significant problem, particularly within poorer inner-city areas. The law states that employed children between the ages of 14 and 16 should receive 70 percent of the minimum wage and that those between the ages of 17 and 18 should receive 90 percent of the minimum wage.
The Ministry of Justice, working with UNICEF, worked to repatriate Mauritanian children who had been sent to work as camel jockeys in the United Arab Emirates. The ministry formally arranged the repatriation of 12 youths under the program and provided family counseling for the repatriated youths plus additional youth who had previously worked as camel jockeys.
Young rural children were commonly employed in herding, cultivation, fishing, and other labor to support their families. Young children in urban areas often drove donkey carts and delivered water and building materials. Some marabouts provided their talibes with insufficient food and shelter and forced them to beg for over 12 hours a day. In keeping with longstanding tradition, many children served apprenticeships in small industries and in the informal sector. Reporting by some NGOs, including SOS‑Esclaves, strongly stated that domestic employment, often unpaid, of girls as young as seven in wealthier homes was a growing problem. There was no child labor in the modern industrial sector.
Several government offices have responsibility for enforcing child labor laws, including the ministries of labor; justice; women's, children's, and family affairs; and the Commission for Food Security and Social Protection. There was a labor inspectorate with the authority to refer violations to judicial authorities, but the eight regional inspectors and 30 inspector/controllers lacked the basic resources, such as transport and office equipment, needed to enforce existing child labor and other labor laws.
Acceptable conditions of work.
The nationally mandated minimum monthly wage for adults, which was not enforced, was $77 (21,000 ouguiya), which did not provide a decent standard of living for a worker and family.
The standard, legal, nonagricultural workweek could not exceed either 40 hours or six days without overtime compensation, which was paid at rates that were graduated according to the number of overtime hours worked. Domestic and certain other workers could work 56 hours per week. Employees are required to be given at least one 24‑hour period of rest per week. The Labor Directorate of the Ministry of Labor is responsible for enforcement of labor laws, but in practice inadequate funding limited the effectiveness of enforcement.
The government set health and safety standards, and the Ministry of Labor was responsible for enforcing these standards, but did so inconsistently. In principle workers could remove themselves from hazardous conditions without risking loss of employment, but in practice they could not.
Freedom House ratings of Mauritania.
The following chart shows Mauritania's ratings since 1972 in the Freedom in the World reports, published annually by Freedom House. A rating of 1 is "free"; 7, "not free".
International human rights treaties.
Mauritania's stances on international human rights treaties are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20535554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535554" title="Swiss Travel System">
Swiss Travel System

Swiss Travel System is a brand used by the Swiss Federal Railways since 1989 or earlier to promote a range of public transportation tickets aimed at foreign visitors of Switzerland. By extension, the name is also frequently used by non-Swiss sources to refer to Switzerland's public transport network as a whole, which does not in fact bear that name.
__NOTOC__
Travel Passes.
The Swiss Travel System offers various passes and tickets as detailed below:
Swiss Pass / Swiss Flexi Pass.
The Swiss Pass allows unlimited travel on the Swiss public transport network (trains, buses, ships and tramways) for a certain number of days (4, 8, 15, 22 or one month), as well as free or discounted entry to most Swiss museums. Discounts apply to mountain transport (lifts, funiculars, cogwheel trains). It is not available to residents of Switzerland and Liechtenstein, and can be purchased at Swiss train stations or over the internet.
The Swiss Flexi Pass operates exactly like the Swiss Pass, but is limited to 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 days of travel within one month.
Swiss Transfer Ticket / Swiss Card.
The Swiss Transfer Ticket is a return ticket from the Swiss border or airports to a destination. The ticket is valid for one month, but each journey must be made within 24 hours and by the most direct route. It is not available to buy within Switzerland.
The Swiss Card operates like the Swiss Transfer Ticket, but also allows unlimited travel at half fare for a month.
Swiss Half-Fare Card.
The Swiss Half-Fare Card allows unlimited travel for one month at half-fare.
Swiss Peak Pass.
Add-on product to the 4-day and 8-day Swiss Pass. It allows unlimited traveling to 8 mountain tops.

</doc>
<doc id="20535568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535568" title="Vladimir Milyutin">
Vladimir Milyutin

Vladimir Pavlovich Milyutin (24 October 1884- 30 October 1937) was a Bolshevik leader who was appointed People's Commissar of Agriculture in 1917.
Milyutin joined the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party in 1903 and sided with the Bolshevik faction. He was viewed as an expert on the peasant question. He became a victim of Joseph Stalin's purges. Accused of right-wing deviationism, he was arrested on 27 July 1937, sentenced to death on 29 October and shot on 30 October 1937.
He was rehabilitated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20535575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535575" title="Anne State">
Anne State

Anne M. State (born May 2, 1969) is an American television news anchor at WITI-TV in Milwaukee, WI and was one of the two principal news anchors at WBBM-TV in Chicago from 2008 to 2010.
Early life and education.
State grew up in southern California and earned a bachelor's degree from the University of California, San Diego.
In 1994, State backpacked around the world.
Professional career.
State began her journalism career as a reporter and fill-in anchor at KTKA-TV in Topeka, Kansas. She then worked from 1998 until 2000 as a morning anchor and general assignment reporter at KCCI-TV in Des Moines, Iowa. From 2000 to 2002, State worked as a weekend morning anchor and reporter at KMOV-TV in St. Louis, Missouri. In 2002, she joined KNSD-TV in San Diego where she worked as a reporter.
In 2008, State joined WBBM-TV as the co-anchor of the station's 5 p.m., 6 p.m. and 10 p.m. newscasts. On March 26, 2010, State's contract was not renewed making her a free agent.
She joined WITI-TV Fox 6 in Milwaukee the week of October 4th, 2010 as a weeknight co-anchor.
Personal.
State holds dual U.S. and Irish citizenship. She also has spent time living and working in London, England and Sydney, New South Wales. In addition, State has hiked in the Himalayas.

</doc>
<doc id="20535579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535579" title="Mount Airy Casino Resort">
Mount Airy Casino Resort

The Mount Airy Casino Resort (formerly Mount Airy Lodge) is a casino and hotel located in Mount Pocono, Pennsylvania. The casino resort has 188 hotel rooms, a casino with over 2,000 slot machines and table games, five restaurants, a spa and salon, a nightclub and an 18-hole golf course. Mount Airy Casino and Resort is one of two AAA 4 Diamond Casino Resorts in Pennsylvania, the other being the Sands Casino Resort Bethlehem.
History of the Location.
Mount Airy Casino Resort is located on the site of the former Mount Airy Lodge, which has since been demolished and replaced with the new casino resort.
The original lodge was constructed in 1898 as an eight-room inn and was re-constructed in the 1950s as the Poconos' largest resort. In the Lodge's heyday in the 1960s and 1970s, Mount Airy had more than 890 rooms, indoor/outdoor pools, skiing, snowmobiling, ice skating, hiking, biking, horseback riding, archery, an 18 hole golf course, and paddle ball courts on over of property.
During the 1980s the resort saw a great decline in numbers of customers. Due to increased competition from cruise ships and Caribbean tourism, and Atlantic City and Las Vegas, Mount Airy went into foreclosure in November 1999. The lodge closed on October 29, 2001. 
An investment company, Oaktree Capital Management, bought the resort in 2000 and sold the resort to Louis DeNaples in 2004.
The old resort was completely demolished with a completely new $412 million, 188 room hotel erected from the ground up in the same location as the old lodge. The new casino resort officially opened in October 2007.
For more than half a century Mount Airy Lodge was known as America's premier "honeymoon hideaway", with floor-to-ceiling mirrors, velvet-swagged canopy beds, and heart-shaped bathtubs. The artificial lake in front of the building (currently unused) served as a beach and boating venue. It was also known for its top entertainment. The Crystal Room, Mount Airy's 2,000-seat show palace, hosted headliners like Bob Hope, Milton Berle, Connie Francis, Red Buttons, Tony Bennett, Paul Anka and Nipsey Russell.
Games.
Table Games.
Table Games began operation at 10:00 a.m. on Tuesday July 13, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20535599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535599" title="Danish Strait">
Danish Strait

Danish Strait is a natural waterway through the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. To the north-west is Thor Island, Ellef Ringnes Island is to the north and east, and King Christian Island is to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20535613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535613" title="Pride of Baltimore Chorus">
Pride of Baltimore Chorus

The Pride of Baltimore Chorus is an all-female, a cappella chorus based in metropolitan Baltimore, MD. Founded in the early 1990s, the chorus currently boasts over 110 members who live in 5 different states: Maryland, Virginia, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Delaware. They are a chapter of Sweet Adelines International, the world's largest women's singing organization.
History.
The Pride of Baltimore chorus ("POB") was chartered to provide a forum for women from all walks of life who wished to sing and perform at the highest possible level. A focus on outstanding singing, above all else, has been a hallmark of the chorus since its inception.
POB competed in their first regional competition in the Spring of 1994 with only twenty women on stage. By 1996 they had 38 singers and placed third in their Regional competition. They also took first place in the first ever Sweet Adelines International Small Chorus Festival, held in St. Louis, Missouri.
From this victory, they returned to Regional competition in the spring of 1997 with 47 singers, moving up to second place.
After again winning Regionals in 2000, they traveled to Portland, Oregon in October 2001 for their second international chorus contest. Hoping to break into the top five, they placed third, winning a bronze medal in the contest with 77 women on stage.
After the Detroit International, the chorus's Master Director Janet Ashford was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and needed to undergo treatment as soon as possible. This meant that the chorus would be without a director for an unspecified period of time. As the 2007 contest drew near, it became apparent that Ashford would be unable to travel to the International contest in Calgary, Alberta, and another director would need to fill the rather large shoes she left. Jim Arns, director of the four-time international champion Melodeers Chorus willingly stepped in and took 109 women to the Calgary contest. There they won a silver medal, their third silver medal in international competition.
The chorus began a search for a new director in April 2009. In July 2009, the Pride of Baltimore announced that its new director was Joe Cerutti. Cerutti is also director of the Alexandria Harmonizers.
Current activities.
The Pride of Baltimore Chorus is now performing in shows and recently returned to the competition stage, competing in the Sweet Adelines International Competition in Houston, Texas on October 20, 2011, placing 12th. This was the first time in chapter history the chorus did not qualify for the chorus finals round at an international competition. On November 6, 2013, the chorus competed in the Sweet Adelines International chorus semifinals once again, in Honolulu, Hawaii, and placed 16th.
The chorus performs throughout the mid-Atlantic region, presenting a variety of music: Broadway show tunes, classical ballads, and contemporary, popular songs — all arranged in the "barbershop style."
The chorus rehearses on Monday nights in the Parkville area of Baltimore County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="20535634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535634" title="Thor Island">
Thor Island

Thor Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada. It lies south of Ellef Ringnes Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20535648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535648" title="Ministry of Agriculture and Food (Soviet Union)">
Ministry of Agriculture and Food (Soviet Union)

<br>
The Soviet Ministry of Agriculture and Food was established in 1929 and known prior to 1946 as the People's Commissariat for Agriculture - Narkomzem).
The commissariat united all republican commissariats of the Soviet Union. It took over the Narkomzem offices located at Orlikov Pereulok, 1, Moscow, designed by Aleksey Shchusev. This building is currently occupied by the Ministry of Agriculture of the Russian Federation. It was formally known as the People's Commissariat for Agriculture ( - Narkomzem) was set up in Petrograd in October 1917. Vladimir Milyutin was appointed the first People's Commissar of Agriculture. He was a member of the Council of People's Commissars.
The Narkomzem offices located at Orlikov Pereulok, 1, Moscow were designed by Aleksey Shchusev in 1928. This building is currently occupied by the Ministry of Agriculture of the Russian Federation.
Biological weapons research and production.
Despite having signed the 1972 Biological Weapons Convention (BWC), the Soviet Union continued development and mass production of offensive biological weapons. These activities were conducted by a main directorate — "Biopreparat" — along with the Ministry of Agriculture and Food and several other Soviet ministries and agencies (Ministry of Defense, Ministry of Health, USSR Academy of Sciences, the KGB, etc.). In the 1980s, the Ministry of Agriculture successfully developed variants of foot-and-mouth disease and rinderpest against cows, African swine fever for pigs, and psittacosis to kill chicken. These agents were prepared to be sprayed down from tanks attached to airplanes over hundreds of miles. The secret program was code-named "Ecology".

</doc>
<doc id="20535658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535658" title="Pazardzhik History Museum">
Pazardzhik History Museum

The Pazardzhik History Museum () is a history museum in Pazardzhik, Bulgaria. It is located at 15 Konstantin Velichkov Square.

</doc>
<doc id="20535670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535670" title="Copperneedle River">
Copperneedle River

The Copperneedle River originates within the northern Hearne Domain, Western Churchill province of the Churchill craton, the northwest section of the Canadian Shield in Nunavut's Kivalliq Region. There are rapids along the river, approximately from Hudson Bay's Dawson Inlet.
Copperneedle River is populated with Arctic char. The portion of the river near Southern Lake is part of the Beverly and Qamanirjuaq caribou range.

</doc>
<doc id="20535685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535685" title="Forest City London">
Forest City London

Forest City London Soccer Club usually referred to as FC London, is a Canadian soccer team based in London, in the province of Ontario. The club was founded in 2008 and plays in USL Premier Development League, the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, in the Great Lakes Division of the Central Conference. 
Since 2009, the team plays home games at German-Canadian Club of London Field, which seats 900 spectators. They won the 2012 PDL title, their first championship, and are the current defending champions.
History.
Forest City London joined the USL Premier Development League in 2009, and played their first ever game on May 29, 2009, against Cleveland Internationals. London won the game 2–1, with the first goal in franchise history being scored by Kevin Zimmermann. London's debut season was a generally positive one; they remained unbeaten over the course of their first ten games, and enjoyed seven wins, including a 3–1 victory on the road against the Cincinnati Kings, a 5–0 thrashing of Kalamazoo Outrage that featured a brace from midfielder Thomas Beattie, a 3–1 win on the road against traditional powerhouse Michigan Bucks in which Zimmermann added another two goals to his tally, and a comprehensive 4–1 victory in the return fixture against Cleveland at the end of June. London's first loss – their first defeat in franchise history – was a 3–1 drop to the Indiana Invaders at the beginning of July, and it initiated a complete reversal of fortune for the team, who did not win another game all season, and dropped down the divisional standings. They ultimately finished third in the Great Lakes Division, seven points behind divisional champions Kalamazoo, and faced off against Chicago Fire Premier in the first round of the playoffs; unfortunately for London their stay in the playoffs was brief, as they lost 1–0 to the Illinoisans on a goal by Andre Akpan. Kevin Zimmermann and Alan McGreal were London's top scorers in their debut season, with 9 and 7 goals respectively, while Anthony Di Biase contributed 4 assists.
In July of 2013 it was announced that FC London would become affiliated with MLS club Toronto FC.
Average attendance.
Attendance stats are calculated by averaging each team's self-reported home attendances from the historical match archive at http://www.uslsoccer.com/history/index_E.html.

</doc>
<doc id="20535707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535707" title="Smoke Rise (community)">
Smoke Rise (community)

Smoke Rise is a gated community in Kinnelon, New Jersey that was created out of the estate of Francis Kinney, a 19th-century industrialist who founded Kinney Brothers Tobacco Company. The Kinney estate dates back to 1884, when Francis Kinney, a pioneer in the tobacco industry, built a huge "summer cottage" here. His son, Morris Kinney, for whom the borough of Kinnelon was named 41 years later, lived most of his life on the estate.
When Morris Kinney died in 1945, he left the estate to John Talbot, Sr. a longtime friend, former mayor of the borough, and a founder of the Chilton Memorial Hospital, Pompton Plains (John Talbot, Sr. was a real estate developer in New York City and a patron of the arts and was credited with the revival of ballet as a major art form in the United States in the 1930s), as a tribute to their lifetime friendship and mutually shared love of Smoke Rise.
In 1946, when the need for suburban housing for discriminating people became evident, John Talbot, Sr., with great vision and foresight, founded The Smoke Rise Club, one of the earliest community club plans in the United States. Unlike so many developers, he insisted that the land be kept in its natural state as far as possible.
When friends asked to purchase land on the estate to build homes, Talbot decided to develop a planned community designed primarily to serve New York corporation executives. The Smoke Rise Club was the result in 1948. The name (Smoke Rise) is a translation of the Pequannock Indian name for the mountainous area, where a heavy mist often rises at sunset.
The community, located entirely in Kinnelon, is administered by the Smoke Rise Club, which must approve all residents' building plans. Inside the community, which can be entered only through two gates (North Gate & East Gate), there are over of roadway; the area is largely forested and has approximately 900 houses on , Smoke Rise Lake, one church (The Community Church of Smoke Rise), The Smoke Rise Village Inn and recreation facilities, and is home to the Kinnelon Volunteer Fire Company - Company 3 Fire House. The Village Inn and the Community Church are open to members and non-members of the community.
Many residents commute to New York City - the population is heavy with Fortune 500 executives.

</doc>
<doc id="20535710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535710" title="Hassel Sound">
Hassel Sound

Hassel Sound is an uninhabited natural waterway in Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada. It separates Ellef Ringnes Island to the west from Amund Ringnes Island to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="20535717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535717" title="Richard Kapp">
Richard Kapp

Richard Kapp (October 9, 1936 – June 4, 2006) was an American conductor.
Richard Kapp was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was a child piano prodigy. However, he studied German political history at Johns Hopkins University. He received his BA in 1957. He then went abroad on a Fulbright fellowship and studied conducting, composition, and piano at the Stuttgart Staatliche Hochschule für Musik in Germany.
Kapp started his musical career as a vocal coach at the Basel Stadttheater, Switzerland. He then moved back in the United States and served as music director of the Opera Theater of the Manhattan School of Music in New York from 1963 to 1965. While in New York City he earned a law degree from New York University in 1966. He also studied conducting, piano and harpsichord.
In 1968 Richard Kapp founded the chamber orchestra Philharmonia Virtuosi of New York. He served as their musical director for the rest of his life. Among other notable concerts the Philharmonia Virtuosi of New York gave the inaugural concert at the Performing Arts Center at the State University of New York at Purchase in 1977.
The Philharmonia Virtuosi of New York performed and recorded until 2004 when concerts were suspended when Kapp became ill. 
With the Philharmonia Virtuosi of New York Kapp released a series of classical "greatest hits" records. This included the 1977 album "Greatest Hits of 1720" on CBS Masterworks. These albums were collections of shorter more accessible repertoire that were designed to have popular appeal. Kapp and the Philharmonia Virtuosi also recorded a notable collection of three volume of "Vivaldi’s Favorites".
Kapp was the first of the original plaintiffs in "Golan v. Ashcroft" (now "Golan v. Holder"), a case pending before the United States Supreme Court to determine the constitutionality of restored copyrights under the Uruguay Round Agreements Act of 1994. Kapp joined the case to oppose the restoration of U.S. copyright in orchestral public domain works such as Shostakovich's "String Quartets", which Kapp had previously arranged while in the public domain, and which he would be unable to continue to exploit after restoration without paying royalties.
Kapp died at his home in Danbury, Connecticut at the age of 69 from cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20535720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535720" title="Palatine Northern Railway Company">
Palatine Northern Railway Company

The Palatine Northern Railways Company ("Gesellschaft der Pfälzischen Nordbahnen") – abbreviated to Palatine Northern Railway ("Pfälzer Nordbahn") - was founded on 17 April 1866 as the last of the three major private railway companies in the Bavarian province of the Palatinate.
From the outset it left the management and running of its railways to the Palatine Ludwigsbahn. Because the Ludwigsbahn company and the Palatine Maximilian Railway had already built their railway networks in central and southern Palatinate, the Palatine Northern Railway was only left with the region north of the line Ludwigshafen–Kaiserslautern–Homburg for its area of operations. It began working on 22 September 1868 with the opening of the 29 km long Landstuhl–Kusel railway: Landstuhl–Glan-Münchweiler–Altenglan–Kusel. 
On 1 January 1870 as it agreed to merge with the other two Palatine railway organisations into the managerial and operating company of the "United Palatine Railways", it also took over the entire shareholding of the Neustadt–Dürkheim Railway Company, whose railway line, opened in 1865, had been run by the Palatine Ludwigsbahn to that point in time.
The construction of the most important northern railway lines was then started:
On 1 January 1909 the company was nationalised and absorbed into the Royal Bavarian State Railways.

</doc>
<doc id="20535731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535731" title="Junior Pantherz">
Junior Pantherz

Junior Pantherz (or JPZ) are a Canadian post-rock music group formed in 1999 in Saskatoon, SK, Canada. The band is named after a Sloan song "Junior Panthers". The Original band featured neighborhood pals Terry Mattson on Guitar/Vocals, and Arnold Van Lambalgen on Drums. In an eight-year span, the band released 5 CD's and a retrospective Vinyl LP collection entitled "...Discover Vinyl". JPZ are now mainly an inactive band, reaapearing occasionally for one off shows or friends weddings. 
"Gravitational Pull and Polar Opposites".
Schoolyard chum Corey Dahlen joined in early 1999 on Bass, effectively forming the Power Trio. They released their first E.P ""Gravitational Pull"" the same year. After a few local shows under their belt, the band released their first full-length Album ""Polar Opposites"" in 2000. It contained re-recorded songs from the first E.P, as well some new numbers. Both Polar Opposites and Gravitational Pull were limited to 50 copies, which were handmade by the band and sold out quickly.
"The Last Two Million Years".
"The Last Two Million Years" was released independently in 2001.
"Ballistics".
The band's forth release "Ballistics" was released independently in 2003.
"Death by Life".
The songs on "Death by Life" cover much heavier topics compared to the earlier material. They released the album in June 2005 - but not without a few difficulties. While on the summer tour, the Junior Pantherz broke up. They played their "last" show on June 24, 2005 at Louis' Pub (a student bar in Saskatoon) with Whitey Houston and Voyd.
"Rejoice, Remain and Discover Vinyl".
In 2006, Junior Pantherz reformed. Their first live return came in October 2006 when they opened for Danko Jones in Regina. The addition of Maygen Kardash (sister of bassist S.J.) on keys. Work begun on their 6th CD shortly thereafter. The band emphasized on arrangement and instrumentation. Rejoice, Remain was released in October 2007. In addition to the album, a collection of previously released old songs was released by the Saved by Vinyl label based out of Calgary, Alberta. "...Discover vinyl" is limited to 500 numbered copies on White Vinyl.

</doc>
<doc id="20535732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535732" title="Kickboxing at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games">
Kickboxing at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games

Kickboxing was a demonstration sport at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games was held in Macau, China from 26 October to 27 October 2007.
The domination of Kazakhstan both in full contact and low-kick was overwhelming: seven gold medals, three silver and 4 bronze in 10 weight divisions. Kuwait won four gold medals, 1 silver and 3 bronze in semi contact, while Jordan was third overall with 3 gold medals (2 in the ring and 1 on the tatami), 4 silver and 6 bronze. Kyrgyzstan, India, Iraq, Mongolia and Uzbekistan won the remaining medals.

</doc>
<doc id="20535747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535747" title="Moonalice">
Moonalice

Moonalice is the band formed from previous members of the Flying Other Brothers. The band has been touring since May, 2007, and has come to the attention of music critics. The band is currently made up of four musicians, and led by businessman Roger McNamee. Their eponymous debut album was recorded and released in 2009. They recently released the first of a series of E.P.s named "Daves Way," featuring mostly new material.
The band has been consistently touring the United States and Canada since 2007 with several tour dates in 2009 featuring Jack Casady. John Molo joined the band in early 2009 and guitarist G. E. Smith left the band after playing his last show with them on December 31, 2009. The band has no plans to replace him.
On August 28, 2012, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame announced that the digital logs for the Moonalice song “It’s 4:20 Somewhere” had been acquired for the Library and Archives, "Libraries and archives collect, preserve and provide access to the materials that best capture important moments and movements in history, regardless of format, and the Moonalice logs help tell the story of music’s digital revolution; specifically the rise of direct-from-artist (DFA) distribution. Moonalice is the first band without a label to achieve one million downloads of a song from its own servers, direct-from-artist. “It’s 4:20 Somewhere” has been downloaded over two million times."

</doc>
<doc id="20535781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535781" title="Scarborough, Maine">
Scarborough, Maine

Scarborough is a town in Cumberland County on the southern coast of the U.S. state of Maine. The town is a coastal resort area. Located about south of Portland, Scarborough is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine metropolitan statistical area. The population was 18,919 at the 2010 census.
History.
Abenaki Indians called the area "Owascoag", meaning "a place of much grass", after its large salt marshes.
In about 1630, John Stratton opened a trading post on Stratton Island in Saco Bay off Scarborough's shore. In 1631, the Plymouth Council for New England granted the "Black Point Patent" to Captain Thomas Cammock, nephew of the Earl of Warwick. Cammock built a house and began residence in 1635 on the tract of land, which extended from the Spurwink River to Black Point - today this area is known as Prouts Neck. However, he then sold his holdings and moved to the West Indies. Nevertheless, settlements developed at Black Point, Blue Point (i.e., Pine Point), Dunstan (i.e., West Scarborough) and Stratton Island. By 1650, there were fifty homes. The town offered excellent fishing and farming. On July 14, 1658, the Massachusetts General Court incorporated them all as Scarborough, named for Scarborough in Yorkshire, England.
At the outbreak of King Philip's War in 1675, Scarborough was an important coastal settlement with over one hundred houses and one thousand head of cattle. By 1676, the town had been laid to waste as a result of the war - some settlers were killed and others were taken hostage by the Native Americans. Subsequently, Massachusetts sent soldiers accompanied by Indian allies in 1677 to secure the town for resettlement. On June 29, 1677, while pursuing some Indians sent as a ruse, the company was ambushed by warriors under Chief Squando. In the New England militia of nearly one hundred soldiers, fifty to sixty were left dead or mortally wounded. Among the casualties was Captain Benjamin Swett. Called the Battle at Moore's Brook, it was an embarrassing rout for the military. In 1681, a great fort was erected at Black Point. After several attempts to rebuild between guerrilla incursions during King William's War, the survivors evacuated in 1690 and moved south to Portsmouth, New Hampshire or Boston.
A truce was signed in 1699 between the Province of Massachusetts Bay and the Eastern Indians. Resettlement of Scarborough started in 1702 when seven settlers arrived from Lynn, Massachusetts, and construction began on a fort located on the western shore of Prout's Neck's Garrison's Cove. This fort was commanded by Captain John Larrabee.
Despite the treaty, in August 1703, five hundred French and Indians under command of the Sieur de Beaubassin made a sudden descent upon English settlements from Casco Bay (Portland) to Wells. The fort on Prout's Neck sat atop a bluff. When the French and Native Americans arrived, they were protected from gunfire by the overhanging cliff. They subsequently began tunneling into the bluff to breach the fort from below. Had it not been for a two-day downpour that made the disturbed bank slough, exposing the previously hidden excavators to snipers in the fort, the French and Native Americans might have been successful in their attempts to capture the fort and the eight people inside. However, Beaubassin retreated in search of easier prey.
Despite occasional subsequent harassment, the second settlement succeeded. By 1749, it was economically prosperous. Cattle and timber were important local products for export, with Scarborough's many water power sites operating a dozen sawmills.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , of which, is land and is water. Drained by the Scarborough River, Nonesuch River, Libby River and Spurwink River, the town is situated beside the Gulf of Maine, part of the Atlantic Ocean. The highest point is Scottow Hill, elevation , where in early years bonfires were set as warnings to the surrounding countryside of approaching danger.
Scarborough is crossed by Interstate 95, Interstate 295, U.S. Route 1, and State Routes 9, 77, 114, and 207. It is bordered by the town of Cape Elizabeth to the northeast, South Portland and Westbrook to the north and northwest, Gorham and Buxton to the west, and Saco and Old Orchard Beach to the south and southwest.
Demographics.
2010 census.
As of the census of 2010, there were 18,919 people, 7,506 households, and 5,201 families residing in the town. The population density was . There were 8,617 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the town was 94.9% White, 0.5% African American, 0.2% Native American, 2.7% Asian, 0.3% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.2% of the population.
There were 7,506 households of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.0% were married couples living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.7% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.97.
The median age in the town was 44.5 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 31.9% were from 45 to 64; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.
2000 census.
As of the census of 2000, there were 16,790 people, 6,462 households, and 4,678 families residing in the town. The population density was 355.7 people per square mile (137.3/km²). There were 7,233 housing units at an average density of 151.6 per square mile (58.5/km²). The racial makeup of the town was 97.34% White, 0.38% Black or African American, 0.18% Native American, 1.16% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.17% from other races, and 0.77% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.48% of the population.
There were 6,462 households out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.8% were married couples living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.02.
In the town the population was spread out with 25.9% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 95.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $56,491, and the median income for a family was $65,138. Males had a median income of $41,148 versus $31,372 for females. The per capita income for the town was $26,321. About 3.0% of families and 4.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 2.7% of those under age 18 and 3.0% of those age 65 or over.
Local government.
Since October 7, 1969, the town has had a Council-manager government.
Economy.
Scarborough is home to the headquarters of Hannaford supermarkets.
Public schools.
The town of Scarborough has its own K-12 public school system.

</doc>
<doc id="20535784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535784" title="Goniobranchus coi">
Goniobranchus coi

Goniobranchus coi is a species of very colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the tropical Western Pacific Ocean from Australia to the Philippines.
Description.
"Goniobranchus coi" has a white body and foot, but is instantly recognizable for its distinct dorsal pattern. The outer part of the dorsum is yellow, separated from the inner light-brown part by a wavy white and black line. The mantle is brown, edged with a thin purple line. The gills and rhinophores range in color between different individuals from translucent white, through pale-yellow and light-brown.
This species reaches at least 50 mm in length.
Ecology.
Like many slugs in the genus "Chromodoris", "Goniobranchus coi" feeds on sponges. It has been seen feeding on the sponge "Chelonaplysilla violacea".

</doc>
<doc id="20535811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535811" title="Aromatic transition state theory">
Aromatic transition state theory

The Aromatic transition state theory assumes that the minimum energy transition state for a pericyclic process must be aromatic. For 4n+2 π sysyems (2,6,10...) Huckel transition states are proposed where the molecule is flat. In 4n π sysyems (4,8,12...) Mobius transition states are proposed which involve a twist or require a node to be aromatic.

</doc>
<doc id="20535830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535830" title="21st Century Insurance">
21st Century Insurance

21st Century Insurance is an auto insurance company and is wholly owned by the Farmers Insurance Group of Companies®. They are headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware, and provide private passenger auto insurance in 48 states and the District of Columbia. 
History.
21st Century Insurance was founded in 1958 by Louis W. Foster as an inter-insurance exchange offering auto insurance, primarily in California. Initially, the company was called 20th Century Insurance.
The company was purchased in 2005 by AIG and then later sold in 2009 to Farmers Insurance Group of Companies®.

</doc>
<doc id="20535836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535836" title="Philip baron van Pallandt">
Philip baron van Pallandt

Philip Dirk baron van Pallandt, heer van Eerde (1889 - 1 November 1979) was a Scoutmaster in the early years of Dutch scouting. He was the owner of Gilwell Ada's Hoeve on his Eerde Estate, which he gave to Scouting in 1923.
In 1924, baron Philip van Pallandt deeded the Eerde castle to the Order of the Star in the East, an organization connected to the famous philosopher and spiritual teacher Jiddu Krishnamurti, of whom the baron was an avid follower.

</doc>
<doc id="20535858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535858" title="Theodas of Laodicea">
Theodas of Laodicea

Theodas (or Theudas) of Laodicea, was a physician of the Empiric school, in the 2nd century. He is mentioned by Diogenes Laertius as being a native of Laodicea, a pupil of Antiochus of Laodicea, and a contemporary of Menodotus. A physician of this name is also quoted by Andromachus.

</doc>
<doc id="20535867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535867" title="Index of Central America-related articles">
Index of Central America-related articles

This is an Index of Central America-related articles. This index defines Central America as the seven nations of Belize, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Panama.

</doc>
<doc id="20535869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535869" title="1976–77 Toronto Maple Leafs season">
1976–77 Toronto Maple Leafs season

The 1976–77 Toronto Maple Leafs season was the franchise's sixtieth season, fiftieth as the "Maple Leafs". The Leafs finished in third place in the Adams Division with a record of 33 wins, 32 losses and 15 ties for 81 points. In the playoffs, they defeated the Pittsburgh Penguins in the preliminary round 2-1 before falling to the Philadelphia Flyers in six games in the Quarter-finals.
Regular season.
On February 2, 1977, Toronto Maple Leafs defenceman Ian Turnbull would be the first player in NHL history to score five goals on five shots.
Transactions.
The Maple Leafs have been involved in the following transactions during the 1976-77 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20535890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535890" title="Freddie Washington">
Freddie Washington

Fred Washington or Fredi Washington or Freddie Washington may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20535891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535891" title="Chromodoris elisabethina">
Chromodoris elisabethina

Chromodoris elisabethina is a species of very colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
Distribution.
This species of nudibranch is found in the central area of the Indo-Pacific region from Malaysia, Indonesia and the Philippines to the south part of Japan.
Description.
"Chromodoris elisabethina" can reach a maximum size of 5 cm length. 
The body is elongate with a foot which is distinct from the upper body by a skirt like mantle hiding partially the foot.
The branched gills and the rhinophores are orange to yellow and can be withdraw in specific pockets under the skin in case of danger.
The main background colour is bluish, the intensity of the latter varying from blue-grey to intense blue.
The blue dorsal side has a median black discontinuous line and can also have many finer parallel lines depending on the specimen. Those longitudinal lines are also present on the foot. The longitudinal discontinuous lines are distinctive of this species and allow the observer to differentiate it from other close species like Chromodoris lochi, Chromodoris willani and Chromodoris boucheti.
The mantle edge and the foot are bordered with white and orange to yellow lines in which the width and the color intensity can vary greatly from a specimen to another. The blue color of the nody and the external margin is outlined by a discontinuous black line.

</doc>
<doc id="20535919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535919" title="DeBarge family">
DeBarge family

The DeBarge family is a family of rhythm and blues artists from Detroit and Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Family members.
Robert Louis DeBarge, Sr. (1932–2009) was a soldier who served for the United States Armed forces and was of French descent. He met Etterlene Abney, who is African American, in Detroit, Michigan in the early 1950s. They married in 1953, with Robert being 21 and Etterlene going on 18. They stayed together for 21 years before divorcing in 1974. The children claimed that their father sexually abused several of them, which the father denied.
Robert and Etterlene have 10 children:
Recording artists and groups within the family.
Etterlene DeBarge.
Though she hasn't recorded major label releases, Etterlene has recorded gospel material mostly with members of her family with her own independent gospel releases. She is known by the name, "Mama DeBarge" or "Mama D" for short.
Switch (Bobby and Tommy).
Brothers Bobby and Tommy rode to fame in the late 1970s as members of the R & B group Switch, which recorded exclusively for the Motown label. Earlier, Bobby had joined a group as background members for Barry White called White Heat. Tommy was included in Bobby's new band Switch and the group would have success in 1978 with the top ten R&B single, "There Will Never Be". The group's first two albums became million-selling successes and the band's success would influence a generation of self-contained R&B bands such as Tony, Toni, Tone and Mint Condition.
DeBarge (Bunny, Randy, Mark, El and James).
Forming in 1979 as "The DeBarges", the band originally included four members - Bunny, Randy, Mark and El - moved to Los Angeles and signed with Motown where they went under a two-year training process by Motown's staff before releasing their first album in 1981. With the inclusion of 18-year-old James in early 1982, the group changed their name to "DeBarge" and released their first million-selling album, "All This Love", later that year. From 1982 to 1985, DeBarge released three gold-certified albums and released more than ten hit singles. After disbanding shortly in 1986, a reinvented version of the group now featuring Bobby DeBarge and excluding El and Bunny, released a record in 1988 before disbanding the following year due to Bobby's conviction of drug offenses.
El DeBarge.
After leaving DeBarge for a solo career in 1986, El DeBarge had modest success as a solo artist peaking with the hit "Who's Johnny" and finding fame as a featured vocalist on several hip-hop and quiet storm-leaning R&B productions including most prominently "Secret Garden" with Quincy Jones and his cover of Marvin Gaye's "After the Dance" with Fourplay. DeBarge's career was halted in the mid-1990s by personal problems which later resulted in arrests. This period culminated in 2008 with a conviction on crack cocaine charges after DeBarge violated his probation on a previous drug conviction, resulting in two arrest warrants. DeBarge was released from incarceration in October 2009, declaring himself both sober and a born-again Christian. He has since returned to his music career and released his first studio album since 1994, "Second Chance", on November 30, 2010.
Bobby DeBarge.
Though he remained a collaborator with his brothers and sister, Bobby DeBarge struggled with personal problems that ended his career. In 1988, he and Chico were convicted of drug trafficking charges in Michigan. After serving six years, DeBarge discovered he had AIDS and tried recording an album - "It's Not Over", his only solo project, was released in 1996 following DeBarge's death from AIDS in 1995 at the age of 39.
Bunny DeBarge.
In 1986, Motown released Bunny's only solo project, "In Love", which flopped due to Motown's failure to promote despite the best efforts of her first and only single, "Save the Best of Your Lovin'". Most known for writing the hits "I Like It" and "A Dream" She now records independently as a gospel artist. She, Randy, James and Bunny's daughter appeared on an episode of Lifechangers to talk about their drug problems.
James DeBarge.
Though he hasn't had any solo success since DeBarge's breakup, James is most notable for his personal relationship and short marriage to pop singer Janet Jackson during the early 1980s. James and Janet annulled their marriage in 1985 because of James' drug problems.
In 2001, James recorded a song with Won-G Bruny and Traci Bingham called "Nothing's Wrong", The music video didn't feature Traci but James has lip-synced both parts of the chorus, his and Traci's.
Kristinia DeBarge.
James' daughter Kristinia was 19 when Island Records / Sodapop released her debut album, "Exposed", in July 2009.
Chico DeBarge.
Chico was 20 when he issued his first album in 1986. The first single, "Talk to Me", became a top forty smash for Chico. Branded as the "new star" of the DeBarge family, his career was interrupted by an arrest on drug trafficking charges with his brother Bobby in 1988. After a six-year ordeal, DeBarge was released and returned to music resigning with Motown Records in 1997 recording the hit album, 1997's "Long Time No See" reemerging in the neo soul scene of the late 1990s. Like most of his brothers, he has gone through several arrests for drug offenses and according to a documentary was said to still be going through drug abuse. However, in 2009, he detailed his drug addiction on his recent release, "Addiction".
Peaches and Young DeBarge.
Peaches and Young DeBarge are the youngest members of the DeBarge family. In 2007, Young released his first album independently. He and his twin sister recorded in 1991 with the rest of the DeBarge family under the gospel album, "Back on Track". In 2009, In his album " The Hunt", Young did a remake of his siblings' hit single I Like It. He also recorded a song called "Loving You" in late 2010, a song that was inspired by Young's older brother, Bobby DeBarge.Young's album was released on CD's.

</doc>
<doc id="20535933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535933" title="Pliny Merrick">
Pliny Merrick

Pliny T. Merrick (1794–1867) Attorney and Judge of the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts 1853 - 1864.
Early history.
Pliny T. Merrick (1794–1867,) son of Hon. Pliny Merrick and Ruth Cutler Merrick was born in Brookfield, Massachusetts August 2, 1794. He was married May 23, 1821 to Rebecca Thomas, daughter of Isaiah Thomas, Jr. of Worcester; she died June 17, 1859. They had no children.
Judicial career.
After graduation from Harvard University in 1814, Pliny T. Merrick was admitted to the Worcester bar in 1817. He practiced law in Worcester, Charlton, Swansea and Taunton until June, 1824, when he returned to Worcester. He served as Worcester County's district attorney from 1824 through 1843. In 1844 he was Judge of the Municipal Court. In 1843 he was named a judge of the Court of Common Pleas. He resigned this appointment in 1848, and was reappointed in 1851. In 1949-50 he was senior defense counsel (co-counsel with Edward Dexter Sohier) in the trial of Harvard University Professor John White Webster, accused of murdering of Harvard patron Dr. George Parkman. The prosecutors for the trial were John H. Clifford, then Massachusetts Attorney-General and the prosecutor of all capital murder cases, and George Bemis, Esq, and independent attorney. In 1853 Judge Merrick was promoted to the bench of the Supreme Judicial Court by the same John H. Clifford, now Governor of Massachusetts (served 1853-1854.) He received the degree of LL.D. from Harvard in 1853. He served on the bench of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court until 1864.
He was a representative of Worcester County in both branches of the state legislature. He was an Overseer of Harvard University from 1852-1856.He also served for two years as president of the Worcester and Nashua Railroad. In 1855 Judge Merrick moved to Boston and lived there until his death 1867.
John White Webster Trial.
In 1849-50 Judge Merrick was senior defense counsel in the Parkman-Webster murder case The gruesome murder drew national attention and although Judge Merrick lost the case, he received much notoriety for the case.
The Boston Globe reported Merrick's response, that upon the verdict, "In a moment or two, his senior counsel, Judge MERRICK, to the dock, and addressed a few words to the prisoner, to which, so far as we could judge, he replied.— Judge Merrick was deeply affected, and so agitated that he could hardly stand."
Anti-Masonic Movement.
Judge Merrick was an active promoter of the Anti-Masonic Party. The party developed in the early nineteenth century, opposing political leaders who were members of secretive Masonic brotherhoods. Masonic members held political views on the role of the government and how the country should expand. The Anti-Masonic Party opposed those views as moving away from the original founding fathers intent. Judge Merrick renounced Free Masonry in 1832. The party was the precursor to the Whig Party/Whig Party (United States) from 1833-1856.
Death.
Judge Merrick died of paralysis in Boston on January 31, 1867, in his 73rd year. His obituary in the New York Times (2/4/1867) stated: "In 1864 an attack of paralysis obliged him to resign his seat on the Bench. His mind, however, had remained unclouded until a second and fatal attack..." He bequeathed a fund for the establishment of schools of high grade in Worcester.
Other sources.
Macoy, Robert. "A Dictionary of Freemasonry" Mercy Books, NY. 2000.
www.biblebelievers.org.au/masons.htm
Image "Judge Pliny T. Merrick from "The Disappearance of Dr. Parkman" Robert Sullivan, Little, Brown and Company, Boston 1971, pg. 58"

</doc>
<doc id="20535942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535942" title="Sanford, Maine">
Sanford, Maine

Sanford is a city in York County, Maine, United States. The population was 20,798 in the 2010 census, making it the seventh largest municipality in the state. Situated on the Mousam River, Sanford includes the village of Springvale. The city features many lakes in wooded areas which attract campers.
Sanford is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine metropolitan statistical area.
On November 6, 2012, Sanford voters approved a new charter to re-incorporate Sanford as a city and replace the town meeting format with a city council/mayor/strong manager form of government, along with other changes. The new charter took effect on January 1, 2013. Sanford's new charter provides that the first mayor would be appointed from the ranks of Sanford's seven city councilors and serve interim for one year period. On January 8, 2013, Maura A. Herlihy was appointed as Sanford's first mayor.
In 2014, an elected-at-large mayor would take office and serve a three-year initial first term. On November 5, 2013, Thomas Cote was elected as mayor.
Beginning in 2016, the mayoral position will be elected at-large every two years during legislative election cycles.
History.
Sanford is in the western portion of a tract of land purchased in 1661 from Abenaki Chief Fluellin by Major William Phillips, an owner of mills in Saco. First called Phillipstown, it was willed in 1696 by Mrs. Phillips to her former husband's son, Peleg Sanford. Settlement was delayed, however, by hostilities during the French and Indian Wars. In 1724, Norridgewock, an enemy stronghold on the Kennebec River, was destroyed by a Massachusetts militia. Subsequently, the region became less dangerous, and Sanford was first settled in 1739. Incorporated a town in 1768, it was named after Peleg Sanford. Until 1794, Alfred was the town's North Parish.
The Mousam River provided water power for industry. In 1745, Capt. Market Morrison built a sawmill above Springvale. Following the Civil War, Sanford developed into a textile manufacturing center, connected to markets by the Portland and Rochester Railroad. Factories were built at both Springvale and Sanford villages. Products included cotton and woolen goods, carpets, shoes and lumber.
In 1867, British-born Thomas Goodall established the Goodall Mills at Sanford, after selling another mill in 1865 at Troy, New Hampshire which made woolen blankets contoured to fit horses. His factory beside the Mousam River first manufactured carriage robes and blankets. It would expand to make mohair plush for upholstering railroad seats, carpets, draperies, auto fabrics, military uniform fabric and Palm Beach fabric for summer suits.
The company's textiles were known for brilliant and fast colors, and found buyers worldwide. From 1880 to 1910, the mill town's population swelled from 2,700 to over 9,000, some living in houses built by the company and sold to workers at cost. In 1914, the Goodall family built Goodall Park, a 784 seat roofed stadium, now a treasured historic site. They also helped build the library, town hall, hospital, airport and golf club. A bronze statue was erected by the citizens of Sanford in 1917 to the memory of Thomas Goodall. His effigy has a place of honor in Central Park.
In 1954, Burlington Mills, then the nation's largest textile firm, bought Sanford Mills. After moving the looms to its Southern plants, Burlington closed Sanford Mills—leaving 3,600 unemployed and of empty mills. Local business owners began traveling the northeast, enticing new employers to move to the area. Life Magazine called Sanford "the town that refused to die." It now has diversified industries, including the manufacture of aircraft parts. When the federal government offered money in the 1960s for urban renewal to rehabilitate aging or blighted districts, more than thirty Sanford structures were razed. In Springvale, three of four corners were leveled. Nevertheless, much fine architecture from the town's prosperous mill era survived.
Sanford was the home of Belle Ashton Leavitt, the third woman attorney admitted to the Maine Bar Association. Leavitt was admitted to the Bar in 1900. Leavitt operated in partnership with attorney Fred J. Allen, her brother-in-law (Allen was married to Belle's sister Ida Leavitt), and member of the Maine Legislature.
The town gained national notoriety in 1984, when 12-year-old Gycelle Cote was strangled by Scott Waterhouse, then 18. Rumors of Satanism surrounded the case, and some of Waterhouse's personal belongings were deemed to be occult in nature. These included a copy of "The Satanic Bible" and a notebook carrying Satanic drawings and poetry. The furor culminated in several tabloid stories and at least one headline referring to the town as "Terrortown!".
The town gained national notoriety again on November 9, 2009, when the Amber Alert system was used for the first time when 2 year old Haley Traynham was abducted by her father.
In 2003, a proposal to build a $650 million casino in South Sanford was rejected by Maine voters. The development, ostensibly owned by the Penobscot and Passamaquoddy nations, would have encompassed 4,000 slot machines, 180 gaming tables, a hotel, a convention center and an 18 hole golf course. Proponents argued that it would add 4,700 permanent jobs and 25% of revenue would be directed to the state. Detractors predicted higher crime, traffic and an erosion of Maine's quality of life.
Geography.
Sanford is located at (43.439925, -70.773304).
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , of which, of it is land and is water. Located near foothills, Sanford is drained by the Mousam River.
Sanford borders the towns of Shapleigh, Acton, Alfred, Kennebunk, Wells, North Berwick, and Lebanon.
Demographics.
2010 census.
As of the census of 2010, there were 20,798 people, 8,500 households, and 5,417 families residing in the town. The population density was . There were 9,452 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the town was 94.7% White, 0.6% African American, 0.4% Native American, 2.0% Asian, 0.3% from other races, and 2.0% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.6% of the population.
There were 8,500 households of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were married couples living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.3% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.91.
The median age in the town was 40.5 years. 22.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 29% were from 45 to 64; and 15.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.
2000 census.
As of the census of 2000, there were 20,806 people, 8,270 households, and 5,449 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 435.3 people per square mile (168.1/km²). There were 8,807 housing units at an average density of 184.3 per square mile (71.1/km²). The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.68% White, 0.44% Black or African American, 0.31% Native American, 2.07% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.27% from other races, and 1.21% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.96% of the population.
There were 8,270 households out of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were married couples living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.01.
In the CDP the population was spread out with 26.7% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 93.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $34,668, and the median income for a family was $43,021. Males had a median income of $33,115 versus $24,264 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $16,951. About 11.1% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.0% of those under age 18 and 11.2% of those age 65 or over.
Voter registration
Fire Department.
Sanford citizens are protected by Firefighter/EMT's working out of three fire stations located in Springvale, South Sanford, and Downtown Sanford. 3 Engines, 1 Ladder, and 1 Rescue are staffed 24 hours a day; 365 days a year. Authorized strength is 45 full-time fire personnel. SFD also provides Emergency Medical Services. All firefighters are required to have a Maine EMS license ranging from EMT-Basic to Paramedic. In 2007 SFD responded to 1,150 Fire Runs & 2,515 Medical Runs for a total of 3,665 emergencies.

</doc>
<doc id="20535950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535950" title="Viaţa Liberă">
Viaţa Liberă

Viaţă Liberă is a daily Romanian newspaper launched in December 1989. It is published and sold in the south-east region of Romania, in Galați County. 
It is one of the most popular regional newspapers and has an extended audience of 159,000 daily readers According to a different source, "Viata Libera" is the second local newspaper in Romania as regards to the audience, one edition reaching an average of 116,000 readers per edition [http://www.arbomedia.ro/media/news.php?id=77. 
"Viaţa Liberă" is owned by European Media Investment A.G.A., a German media company that currently holds the major part of over 20 companies that edit daily papers in Romania [http://www.e-mi.eu/index.php?id=46&L=1]. 
The newspaper is published every day by "Trustul de presa Dunarea de Jos - Galati." According to BRAT, the circulation of the newspaper has dropped significantly in 2008 when an average of 10,000 copies a day were published [http://www.brat.ro/index.php?page=publications&id=148&index=0&language=en]. According to the same source the newspaper is at a record low after publishing an average of 16,000 copies a day in 1999 and 14,000 a day in 2006. 
The newspaper staff is known to have one of the most select panel of journalists, many of whom have already published successful books in Romanian, English or French.

</doc>
<doc id="20535956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535956" title="Peter Gauweiler">
Peter Gauweiler

Peter Gauweiler (born June 22, 1949 in Munich, Bavaria) is a German politician, and a member of Bavaria's Christian Social Union (CSU) in the German Bundestag, where he represents Munich South. Since 2006, Gauweiler has been the Chairman of the Sub-Committee on Foreign cultural and educational policies of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the German Bundestag. From 1990 to 1994, he was Bavarian State Minister for Regional Development and Environment.
In 2008, Gauweiler challenged the German ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon, claiming the treaty unconstitutional. Gauweiler launched a similar challenge to the European Constitution in 2005, but after its failure the Constitutional Court made no ruling and a presidential signature was never given.

</doc>
<doc id="20535986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535986" title="Goniobranchus geminus">
Goniobranchus geminus

Goniobranchus geminus is a species of very colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.

</doc>
<doc id="20536032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536032" title="Maguse Lake">
Maguse Lake

Maguse Lake is a lake in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It drains eastward into Hudson Bay by way of the long Maguse River. The area is frequented by caribou.

</doc>
<doc id="20536095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536095" title="Goniobranchus geometricus">
Goniobranchus geometricus

Goniobranchus geometricus is a species of very colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
Distribution.
This species is found throughout the Indian Ocean as well as the Western Pacific Ocean from the intertidal down to 30m.
Description.
"Goniobranchus geometricus" is a small nudibranch which may grow to a total length of 35mm. It is variably coloured, with the ground colour ranging from a creamy brown to purple, The mantle has numerous cream-coloured bumps and has a white margin. The gills and rhinophores are white to greenish.
Ecology.
This animal probably feeds on sponges.

</doc>
<doc id="20536104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536104" title="David Lyner">
David Lyner

David "Davy" Lyner (9 January 1893 – 5 December 1973) was a Northern Irish footballer who played as an outside forward for various clubs in Northern Ireland, England and Scotland in the 1910s and 1920s, including Distillery, Glentoran, Manchester United and Kilmarnock.
Career.
Club career.
Born in Belfast, Northern Ireland, Lyner began his career with Belfast club Owen O'Cork before moving across town to play for Distillery. Then, at the age of 19, he moved to another Belfast club, Glentoran, where he spent a full ten seasons, playing in 288 league matches and scoring 53 goals.
Although he was now 29 years old, Lyner had obviously impressed enough to warrant a transfer to England's Manchester United, who had just been relegated to the Second Division. Signed in August 1922, Lyner made his debut for United on 23 September 1922, playing in a 2–0 away defeat to Coventry City. He also played in the club's next two games, a 2–1 home win over Coventry City on 30 September and a 2–1 home defeat to Port Vale on 7 October, but, having failed to make a decent impression, these were to be his only appearances for Manchester United, and he was transferred to Kilmarnock in December 1922.
The 1924–25 season was quite eventful for Lyner. After starting the season at Kilmarnock, he moved back to Northern Ireland to play for Queen's Island. He then moved to Dundela, another Belfast side, before joining Scotland's Clydebank for the end of the season, taking his total of clubs for the 1924–25 season to four. He then spent a brief stint with Wales' Mid Rhondda in the 1925–26 season, before joining New Brighton for the 1926–27 season. The 1927–28 season saw Lyner return to Northern Ireland for the last time, joining Glentoran, before he spent his final season with Queen's Island. He retired from football at the end of the 1928–29 season, at the age of 36.
International career.
Lyner's international career began in 1919, when he was selected for Ireland's first two matches of the 1920 British Home Championship, against England on 25 October 1919, and against Wales on 14 February 1920. The matches finished at 1–1 and 2–2 respectively. He then played in the matches against Scotland and Wales in the 1922 British Home Championship, losing 2–1 to Scotland and drawing 1–1 with Wales. Lyner's involvement in the 1923 British Home Championship spanned his time with two different clubs: when he played in Ireland's 2–0 away defeat to England, he was a Manchester United player, but by the time of his only win with the Irish team, a 3–0 away win over Wales, he had signed for Kilmarnock.

</doc>
<doc id="20536123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536123" title="Grace Vanderbilt">
Grace Vanderbilt

Grace Graham Wilson Vanderbilt (September 3, 1870 – January 7, 1953) was an American socialite. She was the wife of Cornelius Vanderbilt III. She was one of the last Vanderbilts to live the luxurious life of the "head of society" that her predecessors such as Alice and Alva Vanderbilt enjoyed.
Biography.
She was born on September 3, 1870, she was the youngest child of New York banker Richard Thornton Wilson, Sr. and Melissa Clementine Johnston. Grace's sister Mary ("May") married Ogden Goelet and her sister Belle married Sir Michael Henry Herbert, younger brother of the 13th Earl of Pembroke. The sisters were known in London society as "the marrying Wilsons." One of her brothers was banker Richard Thornton Wilson, Jr.. Another brother, Marshall Orme Wilson, married Caroline Schermerhorn Astor, youngest daughter of William Backhouse Astor, Jr. and Caroline Webster Schermerhorn of the Astor family.
She eloped with Cornelius "Neily" Vanderbilt III, son of Cornelius Vanderbilt II and Alice Claypoole Gwynne of the Vanderbilt family, in 1896. This led to a violent disagreement between Neily and his father, which lasted many years. Neily and Grace remained married for the rest of their lives and had two children, Cornelius IV (April 30, 1898 – July 7, 1974) and Grace (September 25, 1899 – January 28, 1964).
Following the War, she and her husband frequently returned to Europe, becoming friends and guests of numerous members of European royalty including Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany, and his brother, Prince Henry of Prussia, King Albert I of Belgium, Crown Prince Olav of Norway, Queen Marie of Romania, the Shah of Iran, and every British monarch since Queen Victoria.
In 1940, Neily sold his Fifth Avenue mansion in New York City to members of the Astor family but remained living there until his death from a cerebral hemorrhage while vacationing in Miami Beach, Florida aboard his yacht in 1942. Following Neily's death Grace Vanderbilt was forced to move out of their massive Fifth Avenue mansion, and moved into a mansion at 1048 Fifth Avenue.
Grace lived another eleven years, and she died on January 7, 1953. They are buried together in the Vanderbilt family mausoleum in the Moravian Cemetery in New Dorp on Staten Island, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20536129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536129" title="Registration office">
Registration office

A registration office commonly refers to a government agency that files compulsory information in the public interest.
The most common type of a registration office is a companies registration office or a trade register office. In most countries, the trade and company register is freely accessible (list of company registers). Additional commerce registers include patent registers and trademark registers (e.g. U.S. Patent and Trademark Office).
In countries with compulsory resident registration the term "registration office" is commonly short for resident registration office (e.g. German "Meldeamt" is short for "Einwohnermeldeamt"). Additional resident registers include civil registration offices (for birth and marriage) and immigration offices. Access to these registries is often limited, with information being publicly available only in the form of statistical overviews.
There exist a multitude of registers and relevant offices that are incorporated by the government to allow for taxation and to monitor regulations. In some countries, the management of these register databases is handled by a separate agency or it is part of a larger body - e.g. aircraft registration or vehicle registration.

</doc>
<doc id="20536155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536155" title="Echt railway station">
Echt railway station

Echt is a railway station located in Echt, Netherlands. The station was opened in 1862 and is located on the Maastricht–Venlo railway. The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Echt:

</doc>
<doc id="20536158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536158" title="Aeronautical Engineering Review">
Aeronautical Engineering Review

Aeronautical Engineering Review was a journal published by the Institute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
History.
The Institute of the Aeronautical Sciences started on 1933. It was titled the "Journal of the Aeronautical Sciences". It became a monthly publication in 1935. The journal contained a section called "News from the Institute", that contained meeting notices, announcements, and obituaries. By 1944 this information was transferred to the Aeronautical Engineering Review.

</doc>
<doc id="20536166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536166" title="Satellite Award for Best Actress – Miniseries or Television Film">
Satellite Award for Best Actress – Miniseries or Television Film

Winners and nominees for the Satellite Award for Best Actress – Miniseries or Television Film

</doc>
<doc id="20536189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536189" title="Goniobranchus aureopurpureus">
Goniobranchus aureopurpureus

Goniobranchus aureopurpureus is a species of very colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.

</doc>
<doc id="20536214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536214" title="Margaret Maye">
Margaret Maye

Margaret Maye (?-present), born in Poland, is a Polish-Canadian singer and performer in various musical genres. Her repertoire consists of early and modern music, opera, oratorio, operetta, music theatre, cabaret, and jazz. Maye studied singing, drama and dancing at the post-secondary Music Theatre School in Gdynia and the Music Academy in Wroclaw, Poland. She lives in Toronto, Ontario.
While in Gdynia, Poland, Maye sang at the local festivals, city occasions and corporate events and toured with the Baltic Artistic Agency. In Toronto since 1988, she took part in productions by the Polish Canadian Society of Music, Polish Music Theatre in Toronto, Polonia Theatre, Polish Music and Poetry Salon, Summer Opera Lyric Theatre, Toronto Operetta Theatre, Opera in Concert, and Opera Mississauga. She produced her own show "Images" at the Premiere Dance Theatre and "On the Wings of Love" at the CBC Glenn Gould Studio.
In December 2004 Margaret Maye received the Order of Merit (L’Ordre du “ Merite Culturel” – “Zasluzona na polu szerzenia kultury”) from the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20536225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536225" title="Island Princess">
Island Princess

Island Princess may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20536230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536230" title="Ede Centrum railway station">
Ede Centrum railway station

Ede Centrum is a railway station located in Ede, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 1 May 1902 and is located on the Nijkerk–Ede-Wageningen railway. The station closed on 7 September 1944 and re-opened 20 May 1951. The station is currently operated by Connexxion, previously operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train service.
The following service currently calls at Ede Centrum:

</doc>
<doc id="20536242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536242" title="Masjid Al-Mamoor">
Masjid Al-Mamoor

Masjid Al-Mamoor, also known as the Jamaica Muslim Center, is one of the largest multi-purpose Muslim establishments in the United States. The center includes a Mosque, a school, a place for religious gathering and eating facilities. Masjid Al-Mamoor was started by mostly Bangladeshi-Americans, being located in the heavily Bangladeshi-American locality of Jamaica, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20536266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536266" title="Margaret Strong">
Margaret Strong

Margaret Strong may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20536267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536267" title="Goniobranchus hintuanensis">
Goniobranchus hintuanensis

Goniobranchus hintuanensis is a species of colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.

</doc>
<doc id="20536272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536272" title="Tommy Gipps">
Tommy Gipps

Thomas Savill "Tommy" Gipps (January 1888 – ??) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Walthamstow, London. He played for Manchester United, Walthamstow Avenue, Tottenham Hotspur, and Barrow.

</doc>
<doc id="20536322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536322" title="Woodchipper Massacre">
Woodchipper Massacre

Woodchipper Massacre is a 1988 American horror comedy Z movie directed by Jon McBride, who also directed "Cannibal Campout". The film was also written by McBride.
Plot.
Jon (Jon McBride), Denice (Denice Edeal), and Tom (Tom Casiello) are three kids whose father goes away for a business meeting. He leaves them in care of their Aunt Tess (Patricia McBride) who is a militaristic religious extremist who only lets the kids do homework and chores while preaching to them against dating, staying up late, movies, music, and why their lifestyle is wrong. Tom gets an official Rambo Hunting Knife in the mail and Tess will not let him have it. They get into a physical struggle over Tom keeping it, and Aunt Tess accidentally gets fatally stabbed in the stomach. 
The three kids then dismember her body, placing it in the freezer. They then take her body out of the freezer so they can put her in the woodchipper. They grind her body to shreds. They then think it's over. But then, Tess's son, Kim (Kim Baily), who was recently released from prison, comes to their home and is told that his mother is "not here" and has "left." He is involved in some kind of money wiring deal and came there to get money from his mother. He decides to take monetary value from the children's home and threatens them if they don't give it to him. Denice and Tom trick him out to the "expensive" wood chipper, plotting to throw him inside, too. They lure Kim to look inside. Tom turns it on and Kim is pushed in by Jon. 
Jon drives Kim's car to the airport to hide the evidence and hitches a ride back. Denice and Tom are raking and mowing the lawn which Jon promised his father he would have done by the time he returned from the business meeting. With only a little bit of time before their father's return, Jon assists in the raking and mowing. The father then arrives home and sees his children welcoming him on the driveway. All appears normal, and the children get away with the crime. 
The camera pans back to the woodchips on the ground and Aunt Tess's bloody ring is lying on the ground when the film ends.
Budget.
According to an interview with Jon McBride on the DVD, the film's final budget was $400 (not including the cost of the camera).
Since the movie was completely shot on video, not many SFX were used in the film. Brief glimpses of severed body parts are shown and a few drops of blood are seen when Kim gets pushed into the woodchipper.
The two compositions of music were by a New York orchestra called "The Soundscapes", but other recordings were made by Jon McBride on a keyboard. 
Being low budget, the killings are not shown.
Crew.
Jon McBride acted, wrote, directed, edited, and composed "Woodchipper Massacre". The film took 2 months to completely shoot. It was finished in 1989.
Release.
DVD.
The DVD for "Woodchipper Massacre" has been released in early 2007. It had features such as documentary, Videobob interview, cast and crew interviews.
VHS.
The VHS was released in 1990 only to be discontinued in 1995. It featured the same artwork as the DVD cover but was black instead of red.
Reception.
"Woodchipper Massacre" currently has no Rotten Tomatoes approval rating, but has a Want-To-See score of 60%.

</doc>
<doc id="20536349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536349" title="Goniobranchus kuniei">
Goniobranchus kuniei

Goniobranchus kuniei is a species of very colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
Description.
The length of the body reaches 40 mm.
Habitat.
It likes waters that are between 21 and 26 degrees Celsius and is often found between 5 and 40 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="20536351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536351" title="Benson group increment theory">
Benson group increment theory

Benson Group Increment Theory (BGIT), or Group Increment Theory, uses the experimentally calculated heat of formation for individual groups of atoms to calculate the entire heat of formation for a molecule under investigation. This can be a quick and convenient way to determine theoretical heats of formation without conducting tedious experimentation. The technique was developed by Professor Sidney William Benson of the University of Southern California.
Heats of formations are intimately related to bond dissociation energies and thus are important in understanding chemical structure and reactivity. Furthermore, although the theory is old, it still is practically useful as one of the best group additivity methods aside from computational methods such as molecular mechanics. However, the BGIT has its limitations, and thus cannot always predict the precise heat of formation.
Origin.
Benson and Buss originated the BGIT in a 1958 paper. Within this manuscript, Benson and Buss proposed four approximations: 
These approximations account for the atomic, bond, and group contributions to heat capacity (Cp), enthalpy (ΔH°), and entropy (ΔS°). The most important of these approximations to the group increment theory is the Second Order Approximation, because this approximation "leads to the direct method of writing the properties of a compound as the sum of the properties of its group."
The Second Order Approximation accounts for two molecular atoms or structural elements that are within relative proximity to one another (approximately 3-5 Angstroms as proposed in the paper). By using a series of disproportionation reactions of symmetrical and asymmetrical framework, Benson and Buss concluded that neighboring atoms within the disproportionation reaction understudy are not affected by the change. In the symmetrical reaction the cleavage between the CH2 in both reactants leads to one product formation. Though difficult to see, one can see that the neighboring carbons are not changed as the rearrangement occurs. In the asymmetrical reaction the hydroxyl-methyl bond is cleaved and rearranged on the ethyl moiety of the methoxyethane. Clearly the methoxy and hydroxyl rearrangement display clear evidence that the neighboring groups are not affected in the disproportionation reaction.
The "disproportionation" reactions that Benson and Buss refer to are termed loosely as "radical disproportionation" reactions. From this they termed a "group" as a polyvalent atom connected together with its ligands. However, they noted that under all approximations ringed systems and unsaturated centers do not follow additivity rules due to their preservation under disproprotionation reactions. One can understand this as you must break a ring at more than one site to actually undergo a disproportionation reaction. This holds true with double and triple bonds, as you must break them multiple times to break their structure. They concluded that these atoms must be considered as distinct entities. Hence we see Cd and CB groups which take into account these groups as being individual entities. Furthermore, this leaves error for ring strain as we will see in its limitations.
Applications.
When calculating the heat of formation, all the atoms in the molecule must be accounted for (hydrogen atoms are not included as specific groups). Figure 1 displays a simple application for predicting the standard enthalpy of isobutylbenzene. First, it is usually very helpful to start off by numbering the atoms. It is much easier than to list the specific groups along with the corresponding number from Table 2. Each individual atom is accounted for where CB-(H) accounts for one benzene carbon a hydrogen atom. This would be multiplied by five, since there are five CB-(H) atoms. The CB-(C) molecule further accounts for the other benzene carbon attached to the butyl group. The C-(CB)(C)(H) accounts for the carbon linked to the benzene group on the butyl moiety. The 2' carbon of the butyl group would be C-(C)3(H) because it is a tertiary carbon (connecting to three other carbon atoms). The final calculation comes from the CH3 groups connected to the 2' carbon; C-(C)(H)3. The total calculations add to -5.15kcal/mol (-21.6 kJ/mole), which is identical to the experimental value which can be found in the National Institute of Standards and Technology Chemistry WebBook 
Figure 2 gives an example from the literature in which the BGIT was used to corroborate experimental evidence of the enthalpy of formation of benzofluoranthene. The experimental value was determined to be 296.6 kJ/mole with a standard deviation of 6.4 kJ/mole. This is within the error of the BGIT and is in good agreement with the calculated value. Notice that the carbons at the fused rings are treated differently than regular benzene carbons. Not only can the BGIT be used to confirm experimental values but can also be used to confirm theoretical values.
Another way to use BGIT is shown in Figure 3 where the thermodynamics of a simplified hydrogenation reaction is compared between an alkene (2-methyl-1-butene) and a ketone(2-butanone). This is a thermodynamic argument and kinetics are ignored. As determined by the enthalpy's below the corresponding molecules, the enthalpy of reaction for 2-methyl-1-butene going to 2-methyl-butane is -29.07 kcal/mole which is in great agreement with the value calculated from NIST, -28.31 kcal/mole. For 2-butanone going to 2-butanol, enthalpy of reaction is -13.75 kcal/mole, which again is in excellent agreement with -14.02 kcal/mole. While both reactions are thermodynamically favored, the alkene will be far more exothermic than the corresponding ketone.
Limitations.
As powerful as it is, BGIT does have several limitations which restrict its usage.
Inaccuracy.
There is an overall 2-3 Kcal/mol error using the Benson Group Increment Theory to calculate the △Hf. The value of each group is estimated on the base of the average △△Hf0shown above and there will be a dispersion around the average △△Hf0. Also, it can only be as accurate as the experimental accuracy. That's the derivation of the error and there is nearly no way to make it more accurate.
Group Availability.
The BGIT is based on empirical data and heat of formation. Some groups are too hard to measure, so not all the existing groups are available in the Table above.Sometimes approximation should be made when we meet those unavailable groups. For example, we need to approximate C as Ct and N as NI in C≡N,which clearly cause more inaccuracy, which is another drawback.
Ring Strain, Intermolecular and Intramolecular Interactions.
In the BGIT, we assumed that a CH2 always makes a constant contribution to △Hf0 for a molecule. However, a small ring such as cyclobutane leads to a substantial failure for the BGIT, because of its strain energy. A series of correction terms for common ring systems has been developed, with the goal of obtaining accurate △Hf0 values for cyclic system. Representative values are given in the Table shown below. Note that these are not identically equal to the accepted strain energies for the parent ring system, although they are quite close. The group increment correction for a cyclobutane is based on △Hf0 values for a number of structures, and represents an average value that gives the best agreement with the range of experimental data. In contrast, the strain energy of cyclobutane is specific to the parent compound, with their new corrections, it is now possible to predict △Hf0 values for strained ring system, by first adding up all the basic group increments and then adding appropriate ring strain correction values.
The same as ring system, corrections have been made to other situations such as Gauche alkane with a 0.8kcal/mol correction, cis alkene with a 1.0kcal/mol correction, respectively.
Also, the BGIT fails when conjugation and interactions between functional groups exist, such as intermolecular and intramolecular hydrogen bonding shown in the right figure, which limits its accuracy and usage in a few cases.

</doc>
<doc id="20536382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536382" title="Thomas Strong">
Thomas Strong

Thomas Strong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20536387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536387" title="James Owens Farm">
James Owens Farm

James Owens Farm is a historic home and farm at Bristol, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. The home was built by successful tobacco farmer James Owens and is a large mid-19th century, two-story brick cross-gable late Greek Revival/Italianate dwelling. Outbuildings are all of frame construction and include an early-19th century cornhouse, an early-19th century tobacco barn, a mid-19th century board-and-batten kitchen, carriage house, and smokehouse, and a late-19th century chicken house.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20536399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536399" title="Mezquita de las Tornerías">
Mezquita de las Tornerías

The Mezquita de las Tornerías (original Arabic name: "al-Mustimim") is a former mosque in Toledo, Spain. It was built in the middle of the 11th century, after the example of the Mosque of Cristo de la Luz (999). It is now the seat of the arts and crafts center "Centro de Promoción de la Artesanía de Castilla-La Mancha".

</doc>
<doc id="20536421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536421" title="Sandy Guerrero">
Sandy Guerrero

Epifanio "Sandy" Oddulio Guerrero Jiménez (born April 6, 1966 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a former minor league baseball infielder, who currently serves as the Milwaukee Brewers minor league hitting coordinator for the 2013 season. He played for 19 seasons, mostly at second base. He is the son of Epy Guerrero and brother of Mike Guerrero.
Playing career.
Guerrero began his professional career in 1984 with the Toronto Blue Jays' Rookie League Gulf Coast Blue Jays. After playing there again in 1985, he was promoted to the Class A Ventura County Gulls in 1986. That same year, he moved to the Milwaukee Brewers organization. He played three seasons at Class A Stockton before advancing to the Double-A El Paso Diablos in 1989. He spent the entire 1990 season at El Paso, and was promoted to the Triple-A Denver Zephyrs in 1991. The majority of his 1992 season was played at Denver, but he also played nine games back in Double-A El Paso. 
Guerrero played in Taiwan from 1993 to 1998, where he hit .300 or better on five of the six years there, winning five gold gloves at shortstop, four silver bats, one batting title (.361 avg), was MVP in 1994, and was a five time all-star. The final four years of his playing career were spent in the Mexican League. He played for the Mexican League's Piratas de Campeche in 1999 (.326 avg) and 2000 (.301 avg) and Langosteros de Cancún in 2001 (.288 avg). Guerreo played parts of 2001 and 2002 with the Adirondack Lumberjacks of the independent Northern League. In 2002, his final professional season, he played for the Mexican League's Olmecas de Tabasco.
Coaching career.
After retiring from playing, Guerrero became involved with coaching in the minor leagues. He served as hitting coach for the Huntsville Stars, the Double-A affiliate of the Milwaukee Brewers, from 2003 to 2008, from 2009 to 2011 as the Triple-A Nashville sounds Hitting Coach. 2012 and 2013 as the Milwaukee Brewers minor league hitting coordinator. Following the completion of the 2010 Pacific Coast League season, Guerrero was added to the Milwaukee Brewers roster as an additional coach for the remainder of the season.
Guerrero was the batting practice pitcher for Prince Fielder and Corey Hart in the Home Run Derby in 2009 and 2010, respectively. He also pitched to Prince again in 2011 along with Brewers teammate Rickie Weeks. Most recently he pitched to Prince again as the BP pitcher in the 2012 All-Star Game at Kauffman Stadium
Guerrero and Fielder have won the Home Run Derby twice in 2009 & 2012. Guerrero has been invited the last 4 years to the Major League All-Star Game.

</doc>
<doc id="20536426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536426" title="Chromodoris lochi">
Chromodoris lochi

Chromodoris lochi, common name Loch's Chromodoris, is a species of colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
Distribution.
This species is found in the tropical waters of the central Indo-Pacific region and is known to range from Malaysia, Indonesia, Philippines to the Fiji and the northern coast of Australia.
Description.
"Chromodoris lochi" is blue or blueish-white with a white margin and typically dark or black lines running down the mantle and the foot. On the mantle, a continuous line runs around the border passing on the outside of the rhinophore and a second median one can be discontinuous.
Individuals can reach at least 4 cm in length.
There is some variation between individuals in this species, and the gills (retractile) and rhinophores (contractile) range in color from a translucent straw-color, through to pink and light orange.
This species is very similar in appearance to "Chromodoris willani", "Chromodoris boucheti" and "Chromodoris dianae" and can be difficult to tell apart. Its most distinguishing feature is the uniform coloring of the mantle and the lack of white specks which are present in some of the other species.
Ecology.
"Chromodoris lochi", like many other nudibranchs, feeds on sponges.

</doc>
<doc id="20536450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536450" title="Sex for Safety">
Sex for Safety

Sex for Safety is The Inevitable Backlash's first studio album. It was released on March 27, 2007.
Artwork.
The CD cover for "Sex for Safety EP" is a digitally rendered watercolor sketch by Tegan and Sara art director EE Storey.

</doc>
<doc id="20536454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536454" title="Live at Reading 1981">
Live at Reading 1981

Live at Reading 1981 was the second live album released by Samson. This was recorded in 1981 at the Reading Festival, with singer Bruce Dickinson, just before he left the band to join Iron Maiden.

</doc>
<doc id="20536466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536466" title="Elst railway station">
Elst railway station

Elst is a railway station located in Elst, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 15 June 1879 and is located on the Arnhem–Nijmegen railway. The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen, with the service towards Tiel operated by Arriva. Just south of the station the Elst–Dordrecht railway branches off towards Tiel.
Destinations.
For the size of Elst, the station is well connected to the train network. Major direct destinations include:
Arnhem, (Ede, Utrecht, Gouda, The Hague), Nijmegen, Oss, 's-Hertogenbosch, Breda, Roosendaal, Tiel, Zutphen, Deventer and Zwolle.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Elst:

</doc>
<doc id="20536468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536468" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1949">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1949

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1949 Australian federal election. The election was held on 10 December 1949.
Both the House of Representatives and the Senate were expanded at this election. All seats are designated as held by the party that held the notional majority after the redistribution.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. The Senate was expanded at this election, with each state now allocated ten senators instead of six. Each state elected seven senators, two of whom were elected to short-term vacancies. This was also the first occasion where the Senate was elected using proportional representation. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Seven seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. Four seats were newly created. Labor Senators James Arnold, Bill Ashley and William Large were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Seven seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. Four seats were newly created. Liberal Senators Neil O'Sullivan and Annabelle Rankin and Country Party Senator Walter Cooper were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Seven seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. Four seats were newly created. Labor Senators Fred Beerworth, Jack Critchley and Frederick Ward were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Seven seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. Four seats were newly created. Labor Senators Bill Morrow, Reg Murray and Justin O'Byrne were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Seven seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. Four seats were newly created. Labor Senators Bert Hendrickson, Fred Katz and Charles Sandford were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Seven seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. Four seats were newly created. Labor Senators Joe Cooke, John Harris and Dorothy Tangney were not up for re-election.
Summary by party.
Beside each party is the candidates put forward by that party in the House of Representatives for each state, as well as an indication of whether the party contested Senate elections in each state.

</doc>
<doc id="20536481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536481" title="Sandy Point Farmhouse">
Sandy Point Farmhouse

The Sandy Point Farmhouse is a historic home at Sandy Point State Park, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a five-part plan consisting of a two story central block connected to two wings by single-story hyphens. It was built in an 18th-century style in the 19th century and typical of Maryland domestic architecture. The house was constructed about 1815 for John Gibson, a member of the Annapolis elite and a relative of Samuel Ogle, an 18th-century Governor of Maryland.
The Sandy Point Farmhouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20536483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536483" title="Jack Fitchett">
Jack Fitchett

John "Jack" Fitchett (c.1879 – fl.1938) was an English footballer who played at full-back or half-back for Bolton Wanderers, Southampton, Manchester United, Plymouth Argyle, Manchester City, Fulham and Exeter City.
Football career.
Fitchett was born in Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester and represented Manchester Schoolboys while playing his youth football with Talbot FC. In May 1897, he joined Bolton Wanderers where he remained for five years, making 76 appearances in The Football League. During his time with Bolton Wanderers he made three appearances for the Football League in representative matches against the Irish League in November 1899, November 1900 and November 1901, and also played in an unofficial international against Germany in 1901.
In the spring of 1902 he joined Manchester United for the first time but, before he could make a first-team appearance, he moved to the south coast to join Southampton of the Southern League in May 1902. At Southampton, he was used as cover for Samuel Meston at left-half and, although he played in five of the first six matches, he lost his place to Meston at the start of November and only made four further appearances, including one in the FA Cup defeat to Notts County. In his time at The Dell, Fitchett was known for his "energetic tackling and neat passing" as well as for his "over-elaboration".
He returned to Manchester United in March 1903 and made five appearances before the end of the 1902–03 season. His debut for United came on 21 March when he scored in a 5–1 defeat of Leicester City.
His stay at Bank Street was short-lived and in May 1903 he returned to the Southern League to join Plymouth Argyle, who were making their debut in the league. Fitchett was known to Argyle's manager Frank Brettell under whom he had played at Bolton Wanderers. At Bolton he had played alongside Bob Jack, who he persuaded to join Argyle for their debut league season. Jack was to go on to make over 100 appearances for Argyle as well as replacing Brettell as manager, a post he held until 1938. Primarily used as a left-back, Pritchett was a regular member of Argyle's first professional side, making 46 appearances in all competitions.
In June 1904, he once again returned to Manchester United although his second "debut" was not until January 1905. By the end of the season, he was a regular at left-back, but in the summer of 1905 he moved across the city to join Manchester City. His stay was very brief and in June 1905, he again returned to the Southern League to join Fulham. At Fulham, he was little used, making only three appearances before bringing his professional career to a close at the end of the 1905–06 season.
Theatre management.
During his youth, Fitchett was an actor and was a member of Fred Karno's Theatrical Company. He had appeared with Charlie Chaplin in "The Mumming Birds". 
Following his retirement from professional football, Fitchett settled in Devon, becoming manager of the Vaudeville Theatre in Exeter. In February 1910, he briefly resumed his football career to assist Exeter City.
After World War I, Fitchett became manager of the New Palace Theatre in Union Street, Plymouth. After he retired as the theatre manager, he became the licencee of the Royal Sovereign public house in Union Street.

</doc>
<doc id="20536485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536485" title="International Criminal Court Student Network">
International Criminal Court Student Network

The International Criminal Court Student Network (ICCSN) is an international student association that brings together young people interested in the International Criminal Court and in international criminal justice. The association aims at enhancing awareness about the Court’s activity and at increasing knowledge of issues of international criminal law. The ICCSN is currently a member of the Coalition for the International Criminal Court.
History.
The ICCSN was created in 2006 by students at the London School of Economics, UK and now includes members from six universities in London and the University of Cambridge, the University of Warwick, the University of Utrecht in The Netherlands, and, as of 2011, the University of Oxford. Law students at Duke University established the first U.S. Chapter. Students at Central Michigan University set up the first chapter at a university without a law school. The first chapter in Canada was opened at McGill University in the Autumn of 2012.
Mission.
A fundamental premise of the ICCSN is the idea is that the development of international criminal justice relies on youth’s efforts and consciousness and that the involvement of new generations in the discussion about international justice will help the ICC legal machinery to prove effective.
ICCSN's campaigns are focused on promoting effective compliance with ICC’s actions and decisions amongst Member States, on information dissemination on the cases currently at the attention of the Court, on the arrangement of public debates and the publication of a Journal, "Issues in International Criminal Justice".
Activities.
Apart from campaigning, the network has hosted numerous speaker events, sent members on a trip to the Hague to visit and learn about the mechanisms of the ICC, and organised the first ever international criminal law meeting in the United Kingdom. The association was also represented as a member of the coalition for the ICC at the Seventh Session of the Assembly of State Parties in November 2008.
The association operates through the work of an Executive Committee, which includes a Director, a Chair, a Secretary, a Treasurer, a Public Relations Officer and an Outreach Officer, directly elected from the members of the association.

</doc>
<doc id="20536490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536490" title="Bo Ellis">
Bo Ellis

Maurice H. "Bo" Ellis (born August 8, 1954) is an American former professional basketball player.
A 6'9" forward from Parker High School in Chicago, Ellis played college basketball at Marquette University and won an NCAA Championship in 1977. After graduating, he played three seasons of professional basketball for the Denver Nuggets of the NBA, averaging 3.6 points per game. He later held coaching positions at Marquette and Chicago State University.
Recently, Ellis worked with the Chicago Public Schools' athletics administration.
Head coaching record.
(*) Indicates record/standing at timeof resignation from Chicago State. 

</doc>
<doc id="20536493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536493" title="Felimida macfarlandi">
Felimida macfarlandi

Felimida macfarlandi is a species of colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae. It is also known as "Glossodoris macfarlandi".
Description.
The body grows to a length of 44 mm.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean fro Central California, USA to Baja California, Mexico

</doc>
<doc id="20536514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536514" title="Carl J. Richard">
Carl J. Richard

Carl J. Richard, Professor of History (Ph.D., Vanderbilt University, 1988). Richard’s research and teaching focus on early national American history and U.S. intellectual history. He has published several books over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="20536517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536517" title="Robert D. Siegel">
Robert D. Siegel

Robert D. Siegel (born November 12, 1971) is an American screenwriter for "The Onion Movie" and "The Wrestler", as well as the writer and director of "Big Fan".
"The Wrestler" won the Golden Lion at the 2008 Venice Film Festival and has earned several Best Picture nominations.
"Big Fan" premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 2009. It was revealed in an online interview that Siegel attempted to write drafts for a comedy film but it ended up being a drama because of the conflicts in the film as well as avoiding Patton Oswalt being typecast as a comedic character. "Big Fan" was nominated for the John Cassavetes award for best film made under $500K at the 2010 Independent Spirit Awards. The film received an audience award and Patton Oswalt won best actor award for his performance in "Big Fan" at the international "2morrow" film festival held in Moscow, Russia in 2010. 
Siegel is a graduate of the University of Michigan who later became senior editor of "The Onion" from 1996 to 1999, and editor-in-chief from 1999 to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20536523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536523" title="The Law and Mr. Jones">
The Law and Mr. Jones

The Law and Mr. Jones is a 45-episode half-hour television crime drama starring James Whitmore. The series aired on ABC in two nonconsecutive seasons from October 7, 1960, to September 22, 1961, and again from April 19 to July 5, 1962. The program was created and produced by Sy Gomberg, and was set in New York City. 
Synopsis.
Whitmore starred as idealistic attorney Abraham Lincoln Jones, who had been a star athlete in college. His cases did not usually involve violence but white collar crimes, such as fraud, embezzlement, taxes, and contracts. Janet De Gore co-starred as Jones' secretary, Marsha Spear, and Conlan Carter appeared as his law clerk, C.E. Carruthers.
Sam Jaffe and Harry Townes guest starred twice on the series in the roles of Martin Berger and Fowler, respectively. In a 1961 episode entitled "Lincoln", Martin Landau, later of CBS's "", and character actor Strother Martin guest starred as Jones defended a client accused of having planted a bomb.
One particular episode attracted an Emmy Award nomination. On March 3, 1961, the episode "Cold Turkey" featured Peter Falk, later of "Columbo". He was nominated for "Outstanding Performance in a Supporting Role by an Actor or Actress in a Single Program." Others in the cited episode were Leo Penn, father of Sean Penn, and Joyce Van Patten, the sister of Dick Van Patten.
Guest stars.
Notable guest stars include:
Production notes.
"The Law and Mr. Jones" was produced by Dick Powell's Four Star Television. Its theme song was derived from the 1890s Negro spiritual entitled "When the Saints Go Marching In". The music is attributed to publisher J. M. Black, but it was actually composed by Leonard Rosenman, who released an album of his themes on Dot Records in 1959 that included this theme. 
In the first season, the series, sponsored by Procter & Gamble, ran on Friday at the 10:30 Eastern time slot after Robert Taylor's "The Detectives". In its abbreviated second season, the series was switched to Thursday (by its sponsor) to fill the slot left by the cancelled 1920s situation comedy "Margie" starring Cynthia Pepper.
After "The Law and Mr. Jones", Janet De Gore joined the revised cast of Walter Brennan's "The Real McCoys", renamed "The McCoys" and switched from ABC to CBS. Conlan Carter took over the role of "Doc" on ABC's "Combat!" for which he secured an Emmy nomination in 1964.
ABC had canceled the series after its first season, but thousands of angry letters from fans convinced them to bring the show back in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="20536525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536525" title="Lindholme">
Lindholme

Lindholme may refer to:-

</doc>
<doc id="20536542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536542" title="Dick Neal">
Dick Neal

Dick Neal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20536553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536553" title="5th Combat Communications Group">
5th Combat Communications Group

The 5th Combat Communications Group is a specialized, highly trained unit of the United States Air Force. The 5th Mob (referred to as such by its former designation as the 5th Mobile Communications Group) is currently based at Robins Air Force Base in Warner Robins, Georgia. Its current structure is made up of four active duty Combat Communications Squadrons (51st, 52nd, 53rd, and 54th) an AFSPC-gained Air Force Reserve Combat Comm Squadron (55th), and the 5th Combat Communications Support Squadron, which handles such activities as the group's Mobility Training Program (known as Mob School).

</doc>
<doc id="20536555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536555" title="Thomas Parker (footballer)">
Thomas Parker (footballer)

Thomas Albert Parker (22 November 1906 – 11 November 1964) was an English footballer. His regular position was at centre-half. He was born in Eccles, Lancashire. He played for Manchester United, Bristol City, Carlisle United and Stalybridge Celtic.

</doc>
<doc id="20536572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536572" title="Ceratosoma">
Ceratosoma

Ceratosoma is a genus of sea slugs, dorid nudibranchs, shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Chromodorididae. 
This nudibranch genus is not to be confused with the muricid gastropod genus "Ceratostoma".
Species.
Species in the genus "Ceratosoma" include:
References.
page(s): 170

</doc>
<doc id="20536573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536573" title="Miamira magnifica">
Miamira magnifica

Miamira magnifica is a species of colorful dorid nudibranch, a sea slug, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.

</doc>
<doc id="20536577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536577" title="Someday Never Comes">
Someday Never Comes

"Someday Never Comes" is a song by Creedence Clearwater Revival from their album "Mardi Gras" released in 1972 and written by the frontman John Fogerty. The song made it to #25 in May 1972 with Doug Clifford's "Tearin' up the Country" released as the B-side.
Song Meaning.
Fogerty has stated that the song is about being left and not being able to learn much as a child.

</doc>
<doc id="20536587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536587" title="Joe Curry">
Joe Curry

Joseph J. "Joe" Curry (1887 - 1 April 1936) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Newcastle upon Tyne. He played for Scotswood, Manchester United and Southampton.
Football career.
Curry joined Southampton from Manchester United's reserve team in May 1911. He found few opportunities to break into the first team as the Saints struggled near the foot of the Southern League First Division and was used as cover for Jim McAlpine. Even when he did manage to play, he had a propensity to get injured and struggled to get fit. After a frustrating season, he retired from the professional game and returned to his native north-east where he turned out occasionally for West Stanley.

</doc>
<doc id="20536597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536597" title="Summerville Formation">
Summerville Formation

The Summerville Formation is a geological formation in New Mexico, Colorado, and Utah of the Southwestern United States. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.
Vertebrate fauna.
Dinosaurs.
Theropod tracks geographically located in Utah, New Mexico, and Colorado, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="20536598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536598" title="Goniobranchus preciosus">
Goniobranchus preciosus

Goniobranchus preciosus is a species of colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
Description.
The body length varies between 15 mm and 30 mm.
Distribution.
This marine speciers occurs in the Indo - West Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="20536632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536632" title="Sammy Lynn">
Sammy Lynn

Samuel "Sammy" Lynn (25 December 1920 – January 1995) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in St Helens, Lancashire. He played for Manchester United and Bradford.

</doc>
<doc id="20536641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536641" title="All Hallows Church (South River, Maryland)">
All Hallows Church (South River, Maryland)

All Hallows Church, also known as The Brick Church, is an historic church located at 3604 Solomon's Island Road, in Edgewater, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. Parish records date back to 1682, indicating that it existed prior to the Act of Establishment (1692) passed by the General Assembly of Maryland laying off the Province into 30 Anglican parishes.
The church building is a low, rectangular Flemish bond brick structure with a hip roof. The building was constructed about 1710 as the parish church of All Hallows' or South River Parish, now called All Hallows Parish, South River. The interior was gutted by fire in 1727. It was modernized in 1825 and again in 1885. After a fire in 1940, reconstruction restored the building to its 1710 appearance.
The ancient cemetery, shaded by a grove of oak trees, surrounds the church. It contains the graves of many local families. One is Provincial Justice, Deputy-Governor and Lord High Sherriff of Anne Arundel Colonel William Burgess (1622–1686), who donated 100 acres of his lands for the establishment of Londontowne. Among the descendants of pioneer planter/politician Colonel Nicholas Gassaway is his son, the Lord High Sherriff Captain Thomas Gassaway (1683–1739), amidst whose plantations the church itself was built.
The bell in the rustic tower bears the date 1727.
All Hallows' Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.
In addition to the Brick Church, the parish maintains a chapel-of-ease at 864 West Central Avenue, in Davidsonville. The Chapel was constructed from 1860 to 1865 because the parish's Brick Church was too far away at distant. The parish's rectory is diagonally across the street from the Chapel.
All Hallows Parish, South River, is still an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Maryland. The Rev. Alistair So is the current rector.

</doc>
<doc id="20536670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536670" title="George M. La Monte">
George M. La Monte

George Mason La Monte (June 4, 1863 – December 24, 1927) was an American businessman, philanthropist, and Democratic politician. He was the Democratic nominee for United States Senate in New Jersey in 1918 and served as Chairman of the Board of the Prudential Insurance Company. 
Early life and business career.
La Monte was born in 1863 in Danville, Virginia, the son of George T. La Monte and Rebecca Kern. His family later settled in Bound Brook, New Jersey, where he lived until his death. He studied at Columbia University for a year before entering Wesleyan University, where he graduated in 1884. After working as a commercial reporter for the Bradstreet company, he trained at the paper company of Augustine Smith & Co. for several years. 
La Monte then joined his father in the formation of a company to manufacture safety paper used as an anti-fraud measure in the printing of checks and money orders. The company, George La Monte & Son, had its main office in New York City and its manufacturing plant in Nutley, New Jersey. La Monte was president of the company for thirty-one years.
Political career.
In 1911 La Monte served a term in the New Jersey General Assembly. He was a delegate to the 1912 Democratic National Convention and a presidential elector for Woodrow Wilson. From 1912 to 1916 he was the New Jersey State Commissioner of Banking and Insurance. 
In 1918 he was the Democratic candidate for the open seat in the United States Senate left vacant after the death of William Hughes. (David Baird was elected to fill the remainder of Hughes' term but did not stand for reelection.) Though La Monte did not campaign actively for his candidacy, President Wilson wrote a public letter warmly endorsing him. In the general election, La Monte was defeated by Walter Evans Edge, then serving as Governor.
Later life.
After the election La Monte returned to his business and philanthropic interests. He served as President of the First National Bank of Bound Brook and was a major contributor to Bound Brook civic institutions. After several years on the Board of Directors of the Prudential Insurance Company, he was elected Chairman of the Board in 1925, serving in that position until his death.
La Monte lived for many years at the Piedmont Farm in Bound Brook, where he maintained a prized herd of Guernsey cows. He married Anna I. Vaill in 1887, and they had three children: George V. La Monte (vice president of his father's firm), Archibald D. La Monte, and Isabel La Monte (who married Edmond B. Hackett). 
In 1927 La Monte died of heart disease at the Weylin Hotel in New York City. He was 64 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="20536672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536672" title="Walter Spratt">
Walter Spratt

Walter Spratt (born October 1892, date of death unknown) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full-back. He was born in Huddersfield. He played for Manchester United, Rotherham Town, Brentford, and Clapton Orient.

</doc>
<doc id="20536675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536675" title="Baeolidia moebii">
Baeolidia moebii

Baeolidia moebii is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aeolidiidae. 
This species is found in tropical and subtropical waters. It is a predator of the sea anemone "Cricophorus nutrix".

</doc>
<doc id="20536692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536692" title="Chromodoris splendida">
Chromodoris splendida

Chromodoris splendida is a species of colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
The specific epithet "splendida" means splendid in reference to the coloring, because this nudibranch has large red spots on a white background, a yellow line at the mantle edge, and magenta rhinophores.

</doc>
<doc id="20536723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536723" title="Gottfried Heinsius">
Gottfried Heinsius

Gottfried Heinsius (April, 1709 – May 21, 1769) was a German mathematician, geographer and astronomer.
He was born near Naumburg and was awarded a Ph.D. in 1733 from the University of Leipzig with a dissertation on "De viribus motricibus". Later he became professor of mathematics at the same institution. Professor Heinsius may have been the first to publish an announcement about the return of Halley's comet in 1759. From 1736–43 he taught in St. Petersburg with Leonhard Euler and was a member of the St. Petersburg Academy of Sciences. He died in Leipzig.
The crater Heinsius on the Moon is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20536726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536726" title="Ocean dynamics">
Ocean dynamics

Ocean dynamics define and describe the motion of water within the oceans. Ocean temperature and motion fields can be separated into three distinct layers: mixed (surface) layer, upper ocean (above the thermocline), and deep ocean.
Ocean dynamics has traditionally been investigated by sampling from instruments in situ. 
The mixed layer is nearest to the surface and can vary in thickness from 10 to 500 meters. This layer has properties such as temperature, salinity and dissolved oxygen which are uniform with depth reflecting a history of active turbulence (the atmosphere has an analogous planetary boundary layer). Turbulence is high in the mixed layer. However, it becomes zero at the base of the mixed layer. Turbulence again increases below the base of the mixed layer due to shear instabilities. At extratropical latitudes this layer is deepest in late winter as a result of surface cooling and winter storms and quite shallow in summer. Its dynamics is governed by turbulent mixing as well as Ekman pumping, exchanges with the overlying atmosphere, and horizontal advection.
The upper ocean, characterized by warm temperatures and active motion, varies in depth from 100 m or less in the tropics and eastern oceans to in excess of 800 meters in the western subtropical oceans. This layer exchanges properties such as heat and freshwater with the atmosphere on timescales of a few years. Below the mixed layer the upper ocean is generally governed by the hydrostatic and geostrophic relationships. Exceptions include the deep tropics and coastal regions.
The deep ocean is both cold and dark with generally weak velocities (although limited areas of the deep ocean are known to have significant recirculations). The deep ocean is supplied with water from the upper ocean in only a few limited geographical regions: the subpolar North Atlantic and several sinking regions around the Antarctic. Because of the weak supply of water to the deep ocean the average residence time of water in the deep ocean is measured in hundreds of years. In this layer as well the hydrostatic and geostrophic relationships are generally valid and mixing is generally quite weak.
Primitive equations.
Ocean dynamics are governed by Newton's equations of motion expressed as the Navier-Stokes equations for a fluid element located at (x,y,z) on the surface of our rotating planet and moving at velocity (u,v,w) relative to that surface:
Here "u" is zonal velocity, "v" is meridional velocity, "w" is vertical velocity, "p" is pressure, "ρ" is density, "T" is temperature, "S" is salinity, "g" is acceleration due to gravity, "τ" is wind stress, and "f" is the Coriolis parameter. "Q" is the heat input to the ocean, while "P-E" is the freshwater input to the ocean.
Mixed layer dynamics.
Mixed layer dynamics are quite complicated; however, in some regions some simplifications are possible. The wind-driven horizontal transport in the mixed layer is approximately described by Ekman Layer dynamics in which vertical diffusion of momentum balances the Coriolis effect and wind stress. This Ekman transport is superimposed on geostrophic flow associated with horizontal gradients of density.
Upper ocean dynamics.
Horizontal convergences and divergences within the mixed layer due, for example, to Ekman transport convergence imposes a requirement that ocean below the mixed layer must move fluid particles vertically. But one of the implications of the geostrophic relationship is that the magnitude of horizontal motion must greatly exceed the magnitude of vertical motion. Thus the weak vertical velocities associated with Ekman transport convergence (measured in meters per day) cause horizontal motion with speeds of 10 centimeters per second or more. The mathematical relationship between vertical and horizontal velocities can be derived by expressing the idea of conservation of angular momentum for a fluid on a rotating sphere. This relationship (with a couple of additional approximations) is known to oceanographers as the Sverdrup relation. Among its implications is the result that the horizontal convergence of Ekman transport observed to occur in the subtropical North Atlantic and Pacific forces southward flow throughout the interior of these two oceans. Western boundary currents (the Gulf Stream and Kuroshio) exist in order to return water to higher latitude.

</doc>
<doc id="20536728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536728" title="Christ Church (Owensville, Maryland)">
Christ Church (Owensville, Maryland)

Christ Church, or Christ Episcopal Church, West River, is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church at Owensville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a small, board-and-batten church with a long narrow nave, small deep chancel, and an entrance porch on its south side. The church is reputed to be by the noted church architect, Richard Upjohn and was at least built from his published designs of 1852.
Christ Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20536729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536729" title="Arthur Allman">
Arthur Allman

Arthur Allman (24 December 1890 – 22 December 1956) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Milton, Staffordshire. He played for Manchester United, Shrewsbury Town, Wolverhampton Wanderers (though never in a first team fixture), Swansea Town, Stoke (as a guest during the First World War), and Millwall Athletic.

</doc>
<doc id="20536735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536735" title="Mary Sutherland">
Mary Sutherland

Mary Sutherland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20536752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536752" title="Stuart Nash">
Stuart Nash

Stuart Nash (born 1967) is a politician from New Zealand. He was a Labour Member of Parliament from 2008 to 2011. Nash is the great-grandson (by adoption) of former Prime Minister, Walter Nash.
Professional life.
Nash holds Master's degrees from the University of Auckland and the University of Canterbury. Before moving to Napier, he was the Director of Strategic Development at Auckland University of Technology.
Political career.
In 2005 Nash was the Labour candidate for Epsom, placing third behind Rodney Hide and Richard Worth. 
In 2007 Nash contested the Labour Party selection for the Napier seat in the 2008 general election, but lost to Russell Fairbrother, a list MP and a former electorate MP. However Nash was ranked at number 36 on the party list and was subsequently elected to parliament.
After becoming a list MP Nash was appointed Labour's spokesperson for Revenue, and associate spokesperson for Trade and Forestry by Labour leader Phil Goff. On 15 June 2010, Opposition Leader Phil Goff appointed Nash to be Portfolio Spokesperson for Forestry, a position formerly held by Mita Ririnui. In February 2011 Phil Goff announced his new caucus line up and Nash was ranked 25th, retaining all his portfolio responsibilities.
In the 2011 general election, Nash lost his place in Parliament after losing the seat of Napier to National candidate Chris Tremain. At position 27 on the Labour Party list, Nash was not ranked high enough to return to Parliament as a List MP.
After leaving Parliament, Nash signed on as the chief-of-staff for newly appointed party leader David Shearer. However, Nash resigned after just 2 months into the job and returned to his home town of Napier, citing the birth of his new child and focusing on winning back the Napier electorate.

</doc>
<doc id="20536753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536753" title="Alfred Ambler">
Alfred Ambler

Alfred Ambler (born 1 July 1879) was an English footballer. His regular position was at half back. He was born in Ardwick, Manchester. He played for Manchester United, Hyde United, and Colne.

</doc>
<doc id="20536760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536760" title="Cuthona sibogae">
Cuthona sibogae

Cuthona sibogae is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tergipedidae.
"Cuthona sibogae" is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-West Pacific region.
"Cuthona sibogae" is a small size nudibranch and can reach a maximum size of 35 mm length.

</doc>
<doc id="20536775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536775" title="Henry Topping (footballer born 1908)">
Henry Topping (footballer born 1908)

Henry "Harry" Topping (27 October 1908 - January 1977) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Manchester. He started his career at United Glassblowers and later played for Horwich Railway Mechanics Institute, Manchester United, Barnsley, Macclesfield and Wigan Athletic.

</doc>
<doc id="20536782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536782" title="Ulli Kampelmann">
Ulli Kampelmann

Ulli Kampelmann is a professional artist from Germany currently based in Florida.
Early life.
Ulli was the fifth of six children born to Wilhelm Heinrich Kampelmann and Elsa (née Pilz) in Halle (Saale), Sachsen Anhalt, East Germany.
Ulli appeared drawn to the arts from an early age. She displayed an interest in painting, and singing as she matured. 
At the university in Halle, she mastered in art. Not long after receiving her Master's degree she successfully escaped to West Berlin in the trunk of a friend’s car. 
In Münster she studied sculpture and design and then opened her first studio in Stuttgart.
Artistic career.
She became successful as a professional artist in the state of Baden Württemberg. Her artworks adorn a number of banks and businesses including the public bath Vierordtbad
Her first exhibition in the USA was held in Clearwater, Florida.
Ulli Kampelmann's research for new and unusual materials and technologies for use in her artworks brought her across an emerging yet still mostly unknown technology for laminating LEDs inside of glass panels. A number of her works incorporate LEDs in glass. Blain Brownell happened across her work and included mention of the products in his yearly architectural materials catalogue "Transmaterial".
Author.
Ulli was a contributing author for Imago Magazine for six months with her article titled "Ulli on Art". With her husband, she authored a full length screenplay detailing the adventures surrounding her escapes from East Germany.
Filmmaker.
While in Stuttgart, Ulli Kampelmann was commissioned by the Mercedes Benz company to create a large artwork for a new showroom. In order to research ideas for the work she was given access to the corporate archives where she came across the little-known details of the invention of the automobile by Carl Benz in 1885 as well as the charming story of the first ever long distance road trip by Carl's wife Bertha. Once Ulli was in the USA she wished to bring this story as well as the details of her own personal experiences growing up in and eventually escaping from East Germany.
In order to bring these stories to life, Ulli wrote the screenplay for and directed a short documentary titled "The Car is Born - a documentary about Carl and Bertha Benz". She and her husband entered this documentary into a few film festivals and their work won a "Best of the Fest" award in 2011.
Their second documentary, "That Damned Wall" is in post-production.

</doc>
<doc id="20536794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536794" title="Bobby Harrop">
Bobby Harrop

Robert "Bobby" Harrop (25 August 1936 – 8 November 2007) was an English footballer. His regular position was at centre back. He was born in Manchester and played in the Football League for Manchester United and Tranmere Rovers.
Harrop joined Manchester United as a youth team player in 1953 and was an FA Youth Cup winner in 1954 and later graduated to the reserve side after turning professional. His first team debut came on 5 March 1958, a month after the Munich air disaster – where eight players were killed and two never played again due to injury, while several other players were still recovering from their injuries. His debut was against West Bromwich Albion in the FA Cup fifth round replay. He made a further five appearances that season, and five more in 1958–59, but never became a regular player and was sold to Tranmere Rovers for £4,000 in 1961.
He spent two seasons at Prenton Park before quitting league football at the age of 27, when he signed for non league Margate in Kent. He played 564 games for the Hartsdown Park club in two spells until 1978. In between these he clocked over a century appearances at both Ashford Town and Canterbury City.
Then at the age of 42 he signed for neighbouring Ramsgate. 52 appearances came over the next two seasons and he carried on playing until he was nearly 50, finally hanging up his boots at the end of the 1984–85 season with Dover Athletic, where he was also in charge of the reserve team.
He remained in football as a non-league referee, a role he held until just before his death in November 2007 at the age of 71.

</doc>
<doc id="20536803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536803" title="The Luke LP">
The Luke LP

The Luke LP, or Banned in the U.S.A.: The Luke LP is an alternate version of 2 Live Crew's Banned in the U.S.A. and was marketed as Luther Campbell's debut album, though there were only minor changes to the track listing, notably, remixes to "Banned in the U.S.A. and "Mama Juanita". It managed to make it to #21 on the Billboard 200 and #10 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20536819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536819" title="Barney Schreiber">
Barney Schreiber

David Henry (Barney) Schreiber (May 8, 1882 – October 6, 1964) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Schreiber played for the Cincinnati Reds in . In 3 career games, he had a 0–0 record, with a 5.40 ERA. He batted and threw left-handed. 
Schreiber was born in Waverly, Ohio and died in Chillicothe, Ohio

</doc>
<doc id="20536822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536822" title="Edward Hudson (footballer)">
Edward Hudson (footballer)

Edward Kearney Hudson (born January 1887 - January 1945) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Bolton. He played for Manchester United, Walkden Central, and Stockport County.

</doc>
<doc id="20536836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536836" title="Duff River">
Duff River

The River Duff, or Bunduff, () is a river in County Sligo and County Leitrim, Ireland. The River Duff is long, flowing from Glenade Valley in County Leitrim to the sea. In County Leitrim it is also known as the Black River. It is joined by the Ballanaghtrillick River, which runs out of the Horseshoe Pass. The Duff River is good for beginner white-water rafters, kayakers, and the like, with approximately 500 metres of class 2/3 rapids and a three metre (10 feet) drop at the end. As it is a short, mountain-fed river (The Dartry Mountains and the Ben Bulben), water levels are known to change very quickly, such as after heavy rains.
The Duff River is also popular for salmon fishing. The fishing season is from February 1 to September 30. The bottom three and a half miles are the most fished. The Bunduff Fishery website can be found at www.bunduffsalmonfishery.ie
External links.
Youtube videos of the River Duff

</doc>
<doc id="20536849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536849" title="Frank Brett">
Frank Brett

Frank Bernard Brett (born 10 March 1899 - 21 July 1988) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Kings Norton, Birmingham. He joined Manchester United in 1921 moving the next year to Aston Villa. his next move was much more long term staying from 1923 to 1929 at Northampton Town playing some 273 matches. Another long stay from 1930-1934 at Brighton & Hove Albion saw him play another 143 matches. He now moved into Non-League football with Tunbridge Wells Rangers moving finally to Hove F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="20536861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536861" title="Barbary Coast Trail">
Barbary Coast Trail

The Barbary Coast Trail is a walking tour connecting 20 historic sites and local history museums in San Francisco, California. Approximately 180 bronze medallions and arrows embedded in the sidewalk mark the 3.8-mile (6.1 km) trail.
The historic sites of the Barbary Coast Trail relate primarily to the period from the California Gold Rush of 1849 to the Earthquake and Fire of 1906, a period when San Francisco grew from a small village to the busiest port on the West Coast.
Sites along the trail include the Old Mint, a national historic landmark; Union Square; Maiden Lane; Old St. Mary's, first Catholic cathedral West of the Rockies; T'ien Hou temple, first Asian temple in North America; Wells Fargo History Museum; Pony Express headquarters site; Jackson Square Historic District, which contains the last cluster of Gold Rush and Barbary Coast-era buildings in San Francisco; Old Ship Saloon, once a shanghaiing den; Coit Tower; Fisherman's Wharf; SF Maritime National Historical Park, which maintains a large collection of historic ships; and Ghirardelli Square.
Each end of the Barbary Coast Trail is connected by the Hyde-Powell cable car line, itself a national historic landmark.
History.
The Barbary Coast Trail was founded by historian Daniel Bacon in collaboration with the San Francisco Historical Society. The trail was inaugurated in May 1998 and originally marked with painted images. The first 150 bronze medallions to mark the trail were installed by 2000. The medallions were designed by Daniel Bacon and illustrator Jim Blair.

</doc>
<doc id="20536868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536868" title="Findlay Brown">
Findlay Brown

Findlay Brown is a British singer, songwriter and recording artist. 
His debut album "Separated By the Sea" was released in 2007 on Peacefrog Records, England. It was produced by former Simian singer, Simon Lord. 
Findlay's second solo album "Love Will Find You" was released in 2010 on Verve Records, US. It was produced by ex-Suede guitarist Bernard Butler.
History.
He recently played a farewell show at The Gladstone Arms pub in Borough, London, England, with his good friends The Moon Music Orchestra, before relocating with his girlfriend to New York City. Prior to taking up music, Findlay had quite a reputation as an accomplished arm wrestler, often taking on venture scouts and sea cadets several months his senior. These underground bouts would often take place after darkness in scout huts as far a field as Haxby and New Earswick.
Media.
Findlay appeared on the "Late Show with David Letterman" in January 2010 with a full orchestra. 
His song "Come Home" was featured in a television advertisements for the credit card company MasterCard.

</doc>
<doc id="20536890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536890" title="La Boca Formation">
La Boca Formation

The La Boca Formation is a geological formation in Mexico. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.

</doc>
<doc id="20536924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536924" title="Alexander Higgins (footballer born 1869)">
Alexander Higgins (footballer born 1869)

William Alexander Higgins (born 1870) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Smethwick, Staffordshire. He played for Manchester United, Albion Swifts, Birmingham St George's, Grimsby Town, Bristol City, Newcastle United, and Middlesbrough.

</doc>
<doc id="20536929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536929" title="Ayala &amp; Co.">
Ayala &amp; Co.

Ayala & Co. is a Champagne producer based in the Ay region of Champagne. The house, founded in 1860, produces both vintage and non-vintage "cuvee". It is currently being managed by Hadrien Mouflard, former secretary general of Champagne Bollinger. The chef de cave is Caroline Latrive. 

</doc>
<doc id="20536939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536939" title="Peltodoris atromaculata">
Peltodoris atromaculata

Peltodoris atromaculata is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.

</doc>
<doc id="20536983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536983" title="China International Electronic Commerce Center">
China International Electronic Commerce Center

China International Electronic Commerce Center (CIECC) is an government agency operating under the Ministry of Commerce of the People's Republic of China, that develops electronic information projects. 
CIECC also facilitates international cooperation and exchanges in the electronic commerce with other countries at the state level. 
M-Commerce Lab.
The M-Commerce Laboratory is designed to bridge the gap among industry, government and academia to facilitate certain aspects in the M-Commerce environment such as research and commercialization of mobile applications, mobile payment and security, and enterprise mobile commerce application. By providing an environment to study, develop and promote projects in the mobile commerce domain, the laboratory helps to enhance end-to-end innovation capabilities.
External links.
CIECC develops, operates and maintains international electronic commerce website, the core website of the Golden Gate project of the country's key informatization construction projects. 

</doc>
<doc id="20536985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20536985" title="Anaru">
Anaru

Anaru may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20537009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537009" title="Kuwait's First District">
Kuwait's First District

Kuwait's first district comprises nineteen residential areas starting from Sharq and Dasma, passing through Salmiya and Rumeithiya and including Bayan, Meshrif and Hawally among others. It has a total of 66,641 voters of whom 36,571 are women and 30,070 are male. Rumeithiya, a predominantly Shiite area, has the largest number of voters with 15,284 followed by Bayan with 11,931 and Salwa with 10,349 voters.
According to unofficial estimates, half of the voters are Shiites. The remaining half includes a mixture of urbanites, especially the major families of Kandari, Awadhi and Roumi. 
The area is largely suburban and has developed as the commercial center for computer-related goods in Kuwait. Prior to the First Gulf War, it housed a large number of the Palestinian population, most of whom left during the Gulf War.

</doc>
<doc id="20537023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537023" title="Kuwait's Second District">
Kuwait's Second District

Kuwait's second district consists of 13 residential areas starting from the main suburban districts of Dahiyat, Abdullah Al-Salem, Shammiya and Shuwaikh to the tribal areas of Sulaibikhat and Doha. It also includes Qadsia, Mansouriya, Faiha and Nuzha. It has the lowest number of voters among the five districts with 41,365 voters, including 22,103 women and 19,262 men. 
Doha has the largest number of voters with 6,636 followed by Sulaibkhat with 6,231 and Qadsia with 5,484. 

</doc>
<doc id="20537031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537031" title="Ignotum per ignotius">
Ignotum per ignotius

Ignotum per ignotius (Latin for "the unknown by the more unknown") refers to an explanation more unfamiliar than the concept which it seeks to explain. 
An example would be: "The oven felt hot because of Fourier's Law." It is unlikely that a person unfamiliar with the hotness of ovens would be illuminated by a reference to the fundamental laws of physics. Of course, such a person might exist in theory, so "ignotum per ignotius" is not strictly a logical fallacy; it is just a criticism of an argument on rhetorical grounds, stating that such an argument is not useful in a particular context.
"Ignotum per æque ignotum".
Ignotum per æque ignotum, meaning "the unknown by the equally unknown", is a related form of fallacy in which one attempts to prove something unknown by deducing it from something else which is also not known to be true.

</doc>
<doc id="20537032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537032" title="Guitar Hero 5">
Guitar Hero 5

Guitar Hero 5 (initially referred to as Guitar Hero V) is a music rhythm game and the fifth main entry in the "Guitar Hero" series. The game was developed by Neversoft and published by Activision, and released internationally in September 2009 for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, 3 and Wii consoles. Similar to the preceding title, "Guitar Hero World Tour", "Guitar Hero 5" is geared towards playing in a four-person band experience, including lead and bass guitar, drums, and vocals. The game is available as a standalone title, allowing players to use existing compatible instrument controllers, and as a bundle that provides these controllers. "Guitar Hero 5" adds several new features, such as drop-in/drop-out play, bands composed of any combination of available instruments, a Rockfest competitive mode consisting of several various scoring mechanisms, and both song-specific and general Challenges to unlock new avatars, clothing, and other extras in the game. Many of these changes were added to make the game a more social experience, allowing players across a range of skill levels to be able to play cooperatively and competitively against each other both locally and online.
"Guitar Hero 5s track list contains 85 songs by 83 separate artists, and like previous "Guitar Hero" games, several musicians with works in the game have been modeled through motion capture for playable characters in the game, including Johnny Cash, Carlos Santana, Shirley Manson, Matthew Bellamy, and Kurt Cobain. Players can also create their own character and instrument to play with. The game continues to support the user-created music studio introduced in "World Tour" through GHTunes, and additional downloadable content for the game was also made available. A majority of existing downloadable tracks from "World Tour" are forward-compatible with "Guitar Hero 5", along with selected on-disc tracks from "World Tour" and "Guitar Hero Smash Hits", and songs from the game could also be exported for a fee to play in its sequel, ', and spin-off game "Band Hero".
The game was well received by reviewers, who appreciated the improvements in the accessibility of the game, allowing players to immediately jump in and play without spending excessive time in the game's menus. The game also sold well, however, it sold about less than 50 percent of "Guitar Hero: World Tour's" sales, specifically selling 1.2 million copies across all platforms. Improvements to both the Career and competitive multiplayer modes were also highlights of the game. However, the game's track list was considered to be too broad, and controversy arose over the ability to use the avatar of Kurt Cobain to perform in any other song within the game.
Gameplay.
Gameplay in "Guitar Hero 5" is similar to previous games in the series. Using a special game controller, players attempt to match scrolling notes as they appear on screen along a note track to mimic the playing of rock music and other songs. Hitting correct notes in time with the music increases the player's score and builds up the performance meter, while missing notes will cause the meter to drop. Should the meter fall below a certain threshold, the song will end prematurely with the player booed off the stage by a virtual audience. Correctly hitting ten consecutive notes will add to the player's score multiplier by one, up to a maximum of four times the original multiplier. Specially marked sections of the song, if completed correctly, help to build up Star Power, which can then be activated through an action with the controller to further double the current multiplier (up to 8x).
As with "Guitar Hero World Tour", "Guitar Hero 5" supports the playing of lead and bass guitar through guitar controllers, drums through a drum controller, and vocals through a microphone. Players can also play in groups of up to four local or remote players to form a band, co-operatively playing through a song. Whereas in "World Tour", a band could only have one of each instrument, "Guitar Hero 5" allows players to arrange for any combination of instruments, including all four players on the same instrument if they so choose. While playing in a band, Star Power is now tracked separately for each player, as opposed to collectively for the band as in "World Tour". A new play mechanic called "Band Moments" will require all members of the band to play sections of a song successfully to gain rewards, both in a temporary scoring multiplier and visual effects on screen. The Band Revival meter will appear when a player fails out of the song, requiring the other band members to play well as a group together in order to bring the failed player back into the game. Failing to do so will end the song prematurely.
Game Modes.
"Guitar Hero 5" allows players to start in a Band Lobby from where they can then launch into any of the game's modes, add other local and remote players to a party, and switch between the game modes without having to leave the party or lobby, a significant change in response to the difficulties players found in "World Tour". The game supports a Career mode (described below), a Quickplay mode, where players can create a set list of numerous songs and play through them. All songs on disc and through downloadable content are immediately available to play in this mode. The game also carries over the competitive modes from previous "Guitar Hero" games.
Two new multiplayer modes are in the game. The first is a "Party Play" mode, which is immediately launched once the game is started. During "Party Play", the game will automatically play randomly through the available songs. At any time, players can jump in with any instrument and start playing that song after selecting their difficulty and handedness; additional players can also jump in, drop out, or change their difficulty levels once someone is playing in this mode. The second feature is a "RockFest" mode, which can be played by four players locally or eight online, with several sub-modes that influence how the game is played and scored. In general, each song is divided into roughly 30-second long sections, and players earn points for their performance over that section based on the specific mode. These points are shown to all players to know how they are faring against the others. Players are able to create a playlist in Rockfest and assign a different mode to each song. The RockFest submodes include:
Career mode and Challenges.
"Guitar Hero 5" features a combined single- and multi-player (both off- and on-line) Career mode similar to "". Songs in the game are distributed across 13 venues, with all but the first locked at the start. Each venue contains 5 or more specific songs and 1 or more special sponsored gigs, each with Challenges that can be completed along with playing through the song. To unlock the other venues, the players must collect a number of stars based on their performance playing individual songs, with each song offering up to 9 stars: up to 5 for the general scoring performance, an additional star for a perfect performance, and up to 3 for completing the song's Challenge. Players share the benefits of earning stars for their own respective profiles, thus, a player that may have difficulty completing one song on their own could join with a band that is able to complete it, benefiting from the gain in stars should they then play by themselves or with another group.
"Guitar Hero 5" introduces Career mode Challenges, that are either tied to specific songs, or allow players to select a song to meet the Challenge requirement in "open gigs". These were created by Neversoft to allow the developers to take advantage of unique features of many of songs and provide another layer of gameplay, according to Neversoft's Brian Bright. Each Challenge features three possible completion levels—Gold, Platinum, and Diamond, mimicking the music recording sales certification levels—with Diamond being the most difficult to complete. The song-specific challenges include both instrument-specific challenges, such as correctly vocalizing the repeated "Fame" lyric at the end of David Bowie's "Fame" as it moves down in pitch, and more general scoring or performance challenges on either specific instruments or for the whole band. Open gig Challenges are presented by sponsors within the game, and are based on performance aspects such as scoring a certain amount of points using Star Power or using the guitar controller's whammy bar continuously for a length of time. These allow the player to select any song to complete, with some songs potentially being better suited for completing that challenge. The progress towards these Challenges is shown in-game by a record meter that appears when the challenge is active, and fills up similarly to the overall scoring meter as the player successfully completes towards the challenge. Higher completion levels, particularly Diamond, may only be possible by playing the Expert difficulty of a song, but players can take advantage of the mid-song difficulty adjustment feature to complete these if needed.
All players are awarded for completing a challenge if one of the members is able to do so, and will be reflected in the individual players' career progress. in addition, players can unlock new avatars, outfits, and other content by completing challenges. The rewards of the challenges are used to replace the previous in-game money reward in previous "Guitar Hero" games.
However, the PlayStation 2 version does not include this challenge feature. Rather than doing the challenges to unlock avatars/content, all one must do is complete the gig by successfully completing all songs. Not all gigs have content to unlock, rather just those to which a particular unlockable applies (for example the Johnny Cash gig allows Johnny Cash to be unlocked as a playable avatar).
Music studio.
The Music Studio feature, which allows players to create their own songs and distribute them through the "GHTunes" music service, has been improved.
The GHMix2.0 mode allows one to precisely create songs up to 10 min, and includes pre-defined sample tracks that can be modified on a note-by-note basis as desired. The new Jam mode lets the players select one of several standard pre-set rhythms and then play along with it on the instrument controllers in a free-form mode; however, players can then capture any segment of this music and move it to the Mix mode to compile a song. User songs are then uploaded and downloaded through the GHTunes mode of the Music Studio. While songs that violate copyright will still be removed from the service, Neversoft will be less aggressive about this and will rely more on user feedback on such issues. The PS2 version does not support this feature.
Characters and customization.
Avatars of famous musicians are part of the game, performing for songs by that artist and available as unlockable characters. Notably, Kurt Cobain of Nirvana is a playable avatar; Activision had sought to gain permission to use Cobain's image for the game for three years, including obtaining the necessary agreements with Courtney Love, who controls Cobain's estate, and Dave Grohl and Universal Publishing, who control Nirvana's catalog. Cobain's avatar was designed with input from Love, who provided photos and videos for the design team to use, and emphasized how she would like Cobain to appear, starting from his appearance in "Smells Like Teen Spirit" and modifying it from there. The avatar includes the t-shirt design based on Daniel Johnston's "Frog" that Cobain had popularized. Johnny Cash is also a playable character, with tribute artist Terry Lee Goffee helping to provide motion capture for his character. Carlos Santana, Shirley Manson (of Garbage), and Matthew Bellamy (of Muse) are also playable avatars, all of whom performed motion capture for their own avatars. There are also unlockable fictional characters like Skeleton, Golden God, Shadow, Frankenrocker, and Gerald Contest Winner. Though Activision approached Jon Bon Jovi to appear in the game, Bon Jovi turned down the offer. While the standard character creator is available for all versions of the game, the Xbox 360 version allows players to import their Xbox Live Avatar into the game, while the Freestyle mode on the Wii version of the game allows use of the players' Miis in the game. Nine of the characters from previous installments return in this game. They all have a costume that they start with and 3 more can be unlocked by completing challenges. Doing this will unlock also new pieces of clothing for the costume to use for user generated rockers. Also, while Gibson no longer sponsors the game, other guitar manufacturers, like Ibanez, ESP, Paul Reed Smith and Schecter, lent the likenesses of their instruments, allowing for new combinations on assembling custom guitars and basses. For the first time, also, sponsored clothing pieces can be used in customization (these being shoes from Vans, Dr. Martens and Converse) There is no money in the game leaving everything available to use, including unlockables. Instruments can also be unlocked to use. Also some clothing now can be changed in style. There are four styles for each; the one shown, two others that were separate items in previous games (with exceptions), and one new one (with exceptions). Pregenerated characters outfits can only be changed and users can only decide which outfit they wear. However they can still edit their instruments. Virtual avatars of the real life rockers can also not be changed in any way, including instruments.
Console-specific variations.
The Wii version of the game, developed by Vicarious Visions, is "full feature parity" with the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions, including support for up to eight players online, each possibly on their own console. "Guitar Hero 5" is the first Wii game to support high capacity SD cards, allowing up to about 800 songs to be stored on a 32 GB card. While existing Wii "Guitar Hero" games allow players to purchase downloadable content one song at a time, "Guitar Hero 5" includes the ability to download complete albums and song packs. Players are also able to manage the content of their Wii memory cards through the game's interface. The game does not require players to enter game-specific Friends Codes, but instead uses the global Wii address book to locate friends. The "Mii Freestyle" mode, introduced in "World Tour", is also present, and with changes to address some of the issues with less-skilled players trying to play well together. A "Guitar Hero Nintendo Ecosystem" is introduced in "Guitar Hero 5", letting the Wii version communicate with the Nintendo DS, including a stage manager/video editor DS controller feature in conjunction with the Mii Freestyle mode, and a new game mode called "Roadie Battle". In Roadie Battle, four players play as two teams; each team has one player performing on an instrument through the Wii, while the other player uses a DS to connect to the Wii and act as the roadie. During play, the roadie players attempt to sabotage the other team by completing mini-games on the DS that affect the other team's music performance in a manner similar to "Guitar Hero III"'s Battle Mode. These can only be cleared by the other DS player performing another mini-game.
The PlayStation 2 version of the game, developed by Budcat Creations, features less functionality in comparison to other versions. Besides lacking online play or downloadable content, the game does not include drop-in/drop-out play, multiplayer "RockFest", nor song challenges. A multitap cannot be used to expand the number of controller ports, limiting the game to two guitars, one drum set and one microphone.
Development.
The fifth main entry to the "Guitar Hero" series was announced in December 2008, with confirmation of its release by the end of 2009 coming in May 2009, along with the announcement of other new "Guitar Hero" titles.
The Party Play mode was inspired by recognizing that past "Guitar Hero" games made it difficult to jump into without maneuvering through a number of menus and selection screens. The mode was designed to be used at social gatherings, and was adopted to use whatever instrument controllers that players already had available, thus allowing for various other combinations beyond the standard four-person band. This aspect of the game was then brought to the other band modes to allow the game to remain flexible.
A new guitar controller was developed for "Guitar Hero 5", sold with bundles with the game though the option for standalone versions has not yet been determined. Like other "Guitar Hero" controllers, the guitar-shaped unit features five colored fret buttons on the neck of the guitar, a strum bar to mimic the act of strumming, a whammy bar to alter the pitch of a note, and additional buttons specific to the game console for maneuvering through the game's menus. The unit is mostly a redesign of the "World Tour" model with a new red finish and includes the touchpad that is farther up the neck of the controller, allowing the player to play notes via tapping or to slide along its surface for specially marked sections on the note track. The "Guitar Hero 5" unit features a more accurate and responsive touchpad due to it being tracked digitally and with added tactile responses, a more accurate strum bar, and a controller finish that makes it easier to handle with sweaty hands. The game remains compatible with previous "Guitar Hero" game controllers as well as those from "Rock Band" and selected other rhythm games.
Promotion.
As part of the game's early promotion, a scavenger hunt contest was announced in the last week of May 2009. Players would need to search for articles on specific game-related sites to find information on the bands that are to be in "Guitar Hero 5", and then enter those bands at the game's official website for a chance to win a series of concert tickets in their area. Through this promotion, a large number of artists in the final track list were revealed.
A viral video in late July 2009 announced the last handful of songs for the game features four naked women walking down a public street, with black censor bars used to cover their bodies but also used to announce the song names. The video attracted the anger of Bill O'Reilly, calling the video "shameless" and the models as "pinheads".
For the month of September 2009, players in the US that purchase "Guitar Hero 5" would be able to redeem a code with the game to receive a free copy of "" prior to its retail release with the packaging's offer sticker (printable if lost), a copy of the receipt and a barcode received upon registration. Also in the UK, when pre-ordering "Guitar Hero 5" on various websites you would receive a free copy of "Guitar Hero World Tour" when requested.
A television commercial was filmed at the Playboy Mansion and was featured in the 29 November 2009 episode of "The Girls Next Door"
Soundtrack.
"Guitar Hero 5" features 85 songs by 83 different artists. Tracks from 30 artists represent their "music-rhythm video game debut". Brian Bright, project director for the game, has called the track list "fresh", with 25% of the songs released in the last 18 months, and more than 50% from the current decade. Unlike previous versions of the "Guitar Hero" series, where players must work through a career mode to unlock all the songs in the game, all songs in "Guitar Hero 5" are unlocked and available to play in any mode from the start,
Bright noted that previously, while "Under Pressure" by Queen and David Bowie was always a song they wanted in "Guitar Hero", they could not find the masters for it. However, for "Guitar Hero 5", the masters have since "magically appeared" and are part of the game's tracklist. For Nirvana's "Lithium", the master recordings did not have the appropriate tracks to build the note track from, and they opted to use the live version of the song from the 1992 Reading Festival, notably famous for Cobain appearing on a wheelchair at first amid rumors of his failing health, but shown to be a ruse as Cobain took the stage and celebrated the recent birth of his daughter Frances Bean. The song "You and Me" by Attack! Attack! was a result of the band winning a competition to be included in the game.
In addition to on-disc songs, "Guitar Hero 5" is the first game in the series to reuse content from previous games. All but 6 (the Jimi Hendrix songs) of the 158 "World Tour" downloadable content songs can be imported into "Guitar Hero 5" at no cost. Additionally, 35 songs from "World Tour", 21 songs from "Guitar Hero Smash Hits", and 61 songs from "Band Hero" can be imported into the game after paying a small transferring fee; more songs from these games may be made available to "Guitar Hero 5" at a later date (including "World Tour" tracks.) The importing process for "World Tour" and "Smash Hits" content requires downloading of the content, as these tracks have been recreated with support for "Guitar Hero 5s new gameplay features such as Band Moments. All such imported songs are also be playable in "Band Hero". Sixty-nine of the "Guitar Hero 5" tracks can be imported into "Band Hero". In addition, 39 of the tracks from ' are importable into "Guitar Hero 5" and "Band Hero". Since the September 2010 release of the sequel "", no additional songs have been made available for DLC and it is unlikely any additional songs will ever be offered for Guitar Hero 5.
Reception.
"Guitar Hero 5" was well received upon release. Seth Schiesel of the "New York Times" called "Guitar Hero 5" "the most enjoyable "Guitar Hero" game in several years" and "generally well-tuned, often exhilarating rock ’n’ roll experience". Keza MacDonald of Eurogamer commented that there is "just nothing wrong" with "Guitar Hero 5", given the various stumbling blocks the developers had made from previous iterations of the game, and the way the developers have continued to find new additions to the game. Reviewers greatly appreciated the new features in the game to make it easier to jump in and play music, from the simplification of the menu system to the availability of every song in all the game modes from the start. Erik Brudvig of IGN considers the menu change to be "one of the best things that Neversoft has done", although the menus are a minor part of the game, it removes much of the frustration with the "World Tour" and other previous "Guitar Hero" games' menu systems. Arthur Gies of GameSpy noted that by simplification of the interface, "Neversoft stripped Guitar Hero down to what works and built up from there". Reviewers appreciated the immediate launch of the game's Party Mode once the player put the disk in the system and the ability to jump right into that song through the new menus, and considered this to help make the game enjoyable for social gatherings. Chris Watters of GameSpot considered this mode to be "accessible, welcoming, and delightfully low key". The changes in Career mode, in which the players need not stick to the same instrument or difficulty throughout, was well appreciated. Brudvig appreciated how this allows the player to complete the Career mode without getting stuck on a song, having to go back to replay the Career mode on other instruments, and that with the addition of song Challenges, provides enough incentive to return to the songs to improve one's performance. The new multiplayer modes in Rockfest, which replaced more "arcadey" competitive modes, were considered a welcome replacement, as it allowed players of various skill levels to compete fairly against each other, making the game more friendly to the multiplayer experience. However, Matt Helgeson of "Game Informer" noted that despite the various RockFest modes, it "all comes down to hitting the notes correctly".
The track list, while well received for the most part, was found to be one of the weaker features. While Helgeson and others noted that the track list was "extremely diverse and for the most part well selected", this diversity was found to work against the game as well. Justin Haywald of 1UP.com noted that with the diverse track list, there would be a good chance players would find songs they liked, but at the same time, would also find songs they loathed. Brudvig noted that while "the goal was to include a bit of everything", the diversity of the track list ensures "that nobody will like everything on the disc". Gies noted that while the guitar difficulty progression in the Career mode was strong and better than in previous games, it leaves the vocals and drummer progression "all over the place", while Schiesel considered the vocals parts "somewhat rough" in comparison to "". Haywald noted that the singing portions of the game were still weak, with poor indicators to help the player's performance, and with the possibility of multiple vocalists performing at the same time, would make it hard for a player to keep track of his pitch. While reviews appreciated Activision's efforts to allow the importing of songs from previous games, the small amount of tracks that were available at launch felt at odds with the impression that Activision had made of the process prior to the game's release. The improvements made in GHTunes were seen as "leaps and bounds" above the original offering in "World Tour", though was still considered to be too unwieldy for average players.
On its week of release in the United Kingdom, "Guitar Hero 5" was the most purchased title across all game systems, beating ' which was also released during that same week in the country. United States sales of "Guitar Hero 5" for the Xbox 360 reached 210,800 units on its first month of release, making it the 9th best selling title for the month, and 499,000 units total across all platforms were sold, comparable to "World Tours first month sales of 534,000 units. The total revenue for United States sales in September 2009 was $33 million, driving primarily by sales of the standalone copy of the game. The game sold just under 1 million copies worldwide by the end of 2009.
"Guitar Hero 5" has been nominated for the "Best Family Game" Interactive Achievement Award from the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences.
Kurt Cobain controversy.
The inclusion of Kurt Cobain as a playable character in the game has been considered a "strange concept" by some reviewers, reflecting on the possible influence of commercialization pressures that played into Cobain's suicide. Shortly after the game's release, it was discovered that once players unlocked the Kurt Cobain Character Pack (as well as that for any other of the included famous musicians), they could use that character for any other song on disc, leading to what some have considered to be awkward virtual performances of Cobain singing songs from completely different genres; user-created videos of these performances that had attracted the attention to this issue have since been removed from video-sharing sites like YouTube by Activision. Previous games in the series that feature known musicians also allow for the use of their characters, once unlocked, in other songs, except for the case of Jimi Hendrix in "Guitar Hero World Tour", the only posthumous artist to appear in the series prior to "Guitar Hero 5". Some have seen this as a scar on Cobain's legacy; Jeff Gerstmann of Giant Bomb commented that "it's the near-mythic legacy he left behind and the way the Nirvana catalog has been protected from commercial interests over the years that makes this stuff so harsh" on his observation of such performances. Tim Walker of "The Independent" contrasted Cobain's "posthumous humiliation" to the appearance of virtual characters based on living artists that have appeared in rhythm music games, noting that deceased artists do not have the same fair consideration as live artists that can opt to license their images for such rhythm games. Seth Schiesel of the "New York Times" countered these arguments, noting that as long as no legal contracts were broken, Cobain and the other artists in the game "are too big and too important to be damaged in a cultural sense by mere inclusion in a video game".
On her Twitter account, Courtney Love expressed her anger at Cobain's representation in the game and threatened legal action alongside other companies that represent Cobain's intellectual property. Love further stated that she received no monetary arrangements for Cobain's appearance, in response to comments that believe Love had "sold out" to Activision and from a statement by Activision CEO Dan Rosensweig claiming that the Cobain estate has "cashed the cheque". Both Dave Grohl and Krist Novoselic have made statements disapproving the inclusion of Cobain as an unlockable character in the game and have requested that he be locked to only Nirvana songs, and Jon Bon Jovi, who had denied Activision's offer to include him in the game, supports their concerns about having his image be used to sing other artists' songs. In response to these statements, Activision claims it had secured all the proper publication rights for Cobain's image for the game. However, according to attorneys for Love, the contract was not meant to allow Activision to "denigrate his image". Joystiq noted that the crux of the legal issues revolve around the "right of personality", which is defined at the state level within the United States; these rights are presently held by Love due to her ownership of Cobain's estate, but may have been overridden in the contract with Activision. "Band Hero" suffered a similar issue, as the group No Doubt, avatars in that game, filed a lawsuit against Activision due to having their avatars be usable to play or sing any song in the game. Love stated to the magazine "NME" that she will be joining No Doubt in their lawsuit against Activision.

</doc>
<doc id="20537037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537037" title="Kate Fleetwood">
Kate Fleetwood

Kate Fleetwood (born 24 September 1972) is an English actress. She was nominated for a Tony Award for her performance in Chichester Festival Theatre's "Macbeth" which transferred to the West End and Broadway.
She is patron of En Masse Theatre, and joint patron of Escape Insight Arts, Stratford upon Avon with her husband Rupert.
Fleetwood was raised near Stratford-upon-Avon and is a graduate of Exeter University. She is married to Rupert Goold with whom she has one son and one daughter. She began her career at the Royal Shakespeare Company during her childhood.

</doc>
<doc id="20537042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537042" title="Kuwait's Third District">
Kuwait's Third District

Kuwait's third district consists of 15 residential areas. 
The district has 58,674 voters, the fourth largest among the five districts, with 33,056 female and 25,618 male voters. Rawda has the largest number of voters with 8,213, followed by Jabriya with 8,091 and Abraq Kheitan with 7,570 voters. And for the first time, about 1,000 voters in the new areas of South Surra have been added to the district.

</doc>
<doc id="20537043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537043" title="Rudolph Bergh">
Rudolph Bergh

Rudolph Bergh (October 15, 1824 – July 20, 1909), full name Ludvig Sophus Rudolph Bergh, was a Danish physician and malacologist. He worked in Copenhagen.
As a doctor his speciality was sexually transmitted diseases. In Copenhagen a hospital and a street are named after him.
Bergh was also an active malacologist, i.e. a zoologist who studies molluscs, in particular the nudibranchs, shell-less marine gastropods. He had well over 90 publications in this field and took part in a scientific expedition to Indonesia. He named and described numerous species of nudibranchs.
Biography.
Rudolph Bergh was born in Copenhagen. His father was the son of the chief physician in the army of Louis Anton Berg. His mother was Anne Sophie Kirstine (maiden name Pedersen). Bergh graduated from the Det von Westenske Institut in 1842, and received his medical degree in 1849.
Dr. Rudolph Bergh became an attending physician at what was then Almindeligt Hospital, the general hospital in Amaliegade, Copenhagen, in 1863. He worked in the department of skin diseases and venereal diseases. In 1886 he moved from there to Vestre Hospital, where he worked until 1903.
Bergh died in 1909. One year after his death, Vestre Hospital was renamed Rudolph Bergh Hospital in honor of his memory. At that hospital, anyone who wished to could be tested for sexually transmitted diseases, and get advice on safe sex and birth control without any change and while retaining their anonymity. In 2000, some of these functions were transferred to Bispebjerg Hospital.
There is a bust of Bergh in Copenhagen, in front of the eponymous "Rudolph Bergh's Hospital", on Tietgensgade. The bust was a gift from his colleagues and stood for years in his home. After his death Bergh's widow donated it to the hospital.
Bergh was awarded a knighthood of the Third Class Order ("Ridder af Dannebrog") of Order of the Dannebrog and also the Dannebrogordenens Hæderstegn (Cross of Honour of the Order of the Dannebrog).
In Copenhagen there is a street named in honor of him: Rudolph Berghs Gade (in English: Rudolph Bergh's Street) in Ydre Østerbro.
His son Rudolph Sophus Bergh (September 22, 1859 - December 7, 1924) was a zoologist and a composer.
As a physician.
His medical specialization was sexually transmitted diseases. Among the many texts that Rudolph Bergh wrote was "About Tattoos in the public woman", which was published in the Hospital Journal in 1891. The work is about connections between prostitution, crime and tattoos. The article seems antiquated today and should not be taken as the sole expression of Rudolph Bergh great efforts to improve public health and in particular reduce the harmful effects of sexually transmitted diseases.
Bergh was also one of the editors of the hospital magazine "Hospitalstidende", where he published nearly all of his over 50 medical articles.
As a zoologist.
Bergh started to study molluscs when he was nearly 30, probably under the influence of Japetus Steenstrup, a Danish biologist who was 11 years older than he was and who was a professor of zoology at the University of Copenhagen.
He wrote reports of the Challenger expedition (1884) and the Albatross expedition (1894). He took part in the "Siboga Expedition" in 1905, exploring the waters of Indonesia.
Bergh became the world's leading expert on nudibranchs. He wrote his main malacological works as well as over 90 malacological articles and papers. Among other notable works are his work about the anatomy of the radula of the genus "Conus" (1896). His malacological drawing are considered to be "excellent". He was mainly anatomist and reached great progress in systematics based on anatomy of nervous system and of reproductive system of gastropods. Bergh was very active in naming and describing species of nudibranchs and other sea slugs. The species he named include:
The nudibranch genus "Berghia" was named after him by Salvatore Trinchese in 1877.
His colleague and friend was German ethnologist and animal ecologist Carl Semper.
References.
This article incorporates Creative Commons (CC-BY-SA) text from Danish Wikipedia from 5 January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20537046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537046" title="Kuwait's Fourth District">
Kuwait's Fourth District

Kuwait's fourth district consists of 18 large residential areas extending from Farwaniya to Jahra. Other major residential areas include Ardhiya, Sabah Al-Nasser, Firdous, Omariya, Rabiya, Jleeb Al-Shuyoukh and Andalus. It is the second largest district in terms of the number of voters with 93,711 eligible voters, with women forming 58 percent of the electorate with 54,351 voters and 39,360 males. The largest concentration of voters are in New Jahra with 16,361 voters, followed by Old Jahra with 16,088 and Firdous with 13,413 voters.

</doc>
<doc id="20537052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537052" title="Kuwait's Fifth District">
Kuwait's Fifth District

Kuwait's fifth district is the country's largest electoral district in terms of the number of voters. It consists of 20 residential areas including Fahaheel, Ahmadi, Sabahiya, Rigga and the district extends down south to Wafra and Al-Zour on the border with Saudi Arabia.
It has 101,294 eligible voters, made up of 54,418 women and 46,876 men. The largest residential areas are Sabah Al-Salem with 17,175 voters, Sabahiya with 16,162 and Rigga 12,778 voters.

</doc>
<doc id="20537054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537054" title="I Got Shit on My Mind">
I Got Shit on My Mind

I Got Shit on My Mind (also known as "I Got Sumthin' on My Mind", particularly for the clean version) is the second album released by Luther Campbell. It was released on November 9, 1992 on Luke Records through their distribution deal with Atlantic Records and was mainly produced by Mike "Fresh" McCray. The album peaked at #52 on the Billboard 200 chart and #20 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20537062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537062" title="Minuscule 24">
Minuscule 24

Minuscule 24 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A18 (von Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on vellum. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 10th-century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of Matthew and Mark on 240 parchment leaves, with lacuna in Matthew 27:20-Mark 4:22. The text is written in one column per page, the biblical text in 25 lines and text of commentary in 58 lines per page. The initial letters in red, the ink is brown. 
The biblical text in Gospel of Mark is surrounded by a catena, in Mark of authorship of Victorinus.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and the ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections (in Mark 234 sections, the last section in 16:9), with references to the Eusebian Canons (written below Ammonian Section numbers).
It contains Prolegomena, table of the ("table of contents") precedes Gospel of Mark. The later hand added Synaxarion (liturgical book with hagiography).
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
History.
It is dated by the INTF to the 10th-century.
The manuscript was examined and described by Griesbach, Scholz, Cramer (Catena for Mark), Henri Omont, and Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Johann Jakob Wettstein.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 178) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20537071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537071" title="Minimay, Victoria">
Minimay, Victoria

Minimay is a small town located in Victoria, Australia. The town is in the Shire of West Wimmera from the South Australian border, about halfway between Melbourne and Adelaide. At the 2011 census, Minimay and the surrounding area had a population of 253. A signpost outside the town lists the town's population at 9.
Geography.
Farming is the main industry in Minimay and includes sheep and cattle breeding and arable crops. Center pivot irrigation is used to water crops and give satellite images of the area a characteristic patchwork pattern of green circles. Before agriculture, the area was quite wooded; at the time trees were cleared, agriculture in Australia was not advanced and initial attempts to grow crops required lots of manual labour, and the town consequently had a higher population.
Sporting.
Sports today in Minimay is extinct with locals travelling to other sporting clubs in the district—including football and netball clubs. Minimay originally had a golf club, basketball club, tennis club, racecourse, football club and cricket club.
Football.
Border Districts Football Netball Club was originally a combined team with Minimay and Frances and today also includes Goroke. The club plays in the Kowree-Naracoorte-Tatiara Football League. The football ground still exists. Border District football club won premiships in 1962, 1967, 1975, 1996, 1979, 1980, 1981, 1991, and 1992.
Cricket.
The Minimay Cricket Club is one of the oldest bodies in the district. Records are poor but, an old minute book suggests that the club was formed before 1896. The Minimay Cricket Club also won premierships during the 1900s. The cricket club now has been extinct for a long time.
Tennis.
Tennis was first played in Minimay on a dirt court was in 1913. 
The Minimay Tennis Club was first formed in 1919. Today the courts are in a different position than what they first were. 1967 they rebuilt the third court. Minimay again won many premierships in Tennis. The courts were last used in 1985 when the sport wasn't played any more.
Basketball.
Minimay Basketball Club started in 1946. 
The Minimay Basketball team won 10 premierships. 
Minimay Race Club started in the early 1900s. Minimay Golf Club had nine holes course which was founded in 1931 and the Golf Club lasted for only 8 years.
History.
There have been two churches in Minimay; the first church was Catholic and the second dating from 1953 was the Union church.
Minimay Post Office opened on 1 November 1877 as the area was settled.
The first school in Minimay opened was in 1884 or early in 1885. The school consisted of a small room which could hold 30 to 40 children. The school was closed in 1902 while it was painted and repaired. The school had planned to enlarge in 1906; this did not happen until 1911. A new school was built as the old school was infested by white ants. In 1951 the school was closed and most students went to a school in nearby Goroke.
The Minimay Public Hall was built in 1901 to 1975. The Hall was opened 15 February 1991. In 1975 the old Hall was removed to make way for the new Minimay Memorial Hall. For the opening of the Minimay Memorial Hall the community had a ball. Lately the Hall has been repainted, new tables and table cloths and floor has been polished. Today the Hall still is used for many fund-raising and community events.
The first general store in Minimay was built in the 1880s. The first owners were from Harrow and they were Mr. and Mrs. Egan. The store had three rooms and a veranda. After a few years the owners left and the store was destroyed by fire. Mr. Carracher from the general store in Frances decided to build a new one in Minimay in 1901. In 1941 the president Mrs. McIntosh purchased the store. The shop was demolished on 12 February 1976. 
Later a new Minimay store was built and this still runs. The store sells groceries and is a post office agency. The store is open seven days a week and serves take away food every Friday.

</doc>
<doc id="20537076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537076" title="FEV1/FVC ratio">
FEV1/FVC ratio

The FEV1/FVC ratio, also called Tiffeneau-Pinelli index, is a calculated ratio used in the diagnosis of obstructive and restrictive lung disease. It represents the proportion of a person's vital capacity that they are able to expire in the first second of expiration. See the Wikipedia article on spirometry for the definitions of FEV1 and FVC.
Normal values are approximately 80%. Predicted normal values can be calculated online and depend on age, sex, height, weight and ethnicity as well as the research study that they are based upon. 
A derived value of FEV1% is FEV1% predicted, which is defined as FEV1% of the patient divided by the average FEV1% in the population for any person of similar age, sex and body composition.
Disease states.
In obstructive lung disease, the FEV1 is reduced due to an obstruction of air escaping from the lungs. Thus, the FEV1/FVC ratio will be reduced. More specifically, according to the National Institute for Clinical Excellence, the diagnosis of COPD is made when the FEV1/FVC ratio is less than 70%, however, other authoritative bodies have different diagnostic cutoff points. The Global Initiative for Obstructive Lung Disease 
In restrictive lung disease, the FEV1 "and" FVC are equally reduced due to fibrosis or other lung pathology (not obstructive pathology). Thus, the FEV1/FVC ratio should be approximately normal, or even increased due to an increased FEV1 value (because of the decreased compliance associated with the presence of fibrosis in some pathological conditions).

</doc>
<doc id="20537091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537091" title="Ole Landmark">
Ole Landmark

Ole Landmark (June 15, 1885 – February 7, 1970) was a Norwegian architect. Born in Bergen, Landmark received his education from "Trondhjems Tekniske Læreanstalt", a predecessor of the Norwegian University of Science and Technology. Landmark let himself be inspired by a diverse set of architectural styles throughout his career, including roccoco, Empire style and functionalism.

</doc>
<doc id="20537093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537093" title="Satellite Award for Best Art Direction and Production Design">
Satellite Award for Best Art Direction and Production Design

The Satellite Award for Best Art Direction (and Production Design) is one the annual awards given by the International Press Academy.
Winners and nominees.
1990s.
Best Art Direction:
2000s.
Best Art Direction and Production Design

</doc>
<doc id="20537095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537095" title="Bob Andy pie">
Bob Andy pie

Bob Andy pie is a sweet pie. It is similar to a custard pie that is spiced with cinnamon and cloves. It is often said to have originated among the Amish and is named for two legendary gelding workhorses.

</doc>
<doc id="20537102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537102" title="Yaakov Rubinstein">
Yaakov Rubinstein

Ya’akov Rubinstein (hebrew יעקב רובינשטיין, ) is an Israeli violinist.
He has performed concerts in Europe, Israel, Japan, China and in the United States since he was 7 years of age.
As a student of the Jerusalem Music Center, he has received lessons from Isaac Stern and Sir Yehudi Menuhin.
After studying with Ilona Feher he completed his studies in Frankfurt am Main with Edith Peinemann and supplemented them at the Manhattan School of Music with Glenn Dicterow, concertmaster of the New York Philharmonic Orchestra.
He has appeared as a soloist with various ensembles including the Bamberg Symphony Orchestra, the Chamber Orchestra of Mannheim, the Chursaechsische Philharmonic Orchestra, the philharmonic state orchestra of Halle, the Youth Orchestra of Basel, the Israel Chamber Orchestra, the Holon Chamber Orchestra, Ashdod chamber Orchestra, Haifa Symphony Orchestra and the Leningrad Chamber Orchestra.
He has performed recitals in Israel, Brasil, France, Denmark, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, and the United States. He has also made many radio, television, and CD recordings.
In addition to many honours and prizes, Ya’akov Rubinstein has received scholarships to the Chautauqua Music Festival, the Manhattan School of Music, and the American Cultural Foundation.
From the year of 1995 to the end of 2009 he was the concertmaster of the Bamberg Symphony Orchestra. During this time he has committed himself to the performance of Jewish music and to the cultivation of historical performance practices.
Recently he had performances as a guest with the BR in Munich, WDR Cologne, NDR Hannover, Madrid, Oslo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Japan, Israel and Brazil. In addition, Mr. Rubinstein has also been the leader of various ensembles.

</doc>
<doc id="20537114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537114" title="Nurcoung, Victoria">
Nurcoung, Victoria

Nurcoung is a rural locality in Victoria, Australia. It is located in the Shire of West Wimmera local government area. At the 2006 census, Nurcoung had a population of 200.
Nurcoung State School.
Nurcoung State School was a State school located in the Parish of Nurcoung. The school officially opened on 11 September 1886 to serve the educational needs of children belonging to the new selectors on Spring Hill Station. The surveyed site of the school was in the centre of the Parish of Nurcoung being approximately 37 miles west of Horsham and 12 miles northwest of Mount Arapiles.
According to an official record, the first Head Teacher was Miss M. Manckton. Before the Nurcoung State School was built, the teachers and students used an old farmhouse of Thomas Sheriff. The school obtained desks from a closed school at Booroopki, west of Goroke. When the Nurcoung school closed down, the building was taken to Goroke P-12 College to be used as a classroom.

</doc>
<doc id="20537120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537120" title="Acatlán, Hidalgo">
Acatlán, Hidalgo

Acatlán (full name San Miguel Acatlán) is a town and municipality located in the Mexican state of Hidalgo, about ten km northwest of the city of Tulancingo and 147 km from Mexico City. The main landmark is the San Miguel monastery which was built in 16th century. It is partially in ruins but there have been efforts since the 1980s to restore it. Acatlán comes from a Nahuatl phrase which means “near the reeds.” “San Miguel” is derived from the name of the monastery.
History.
Before the arrival of the Spanish, this area was part of an Aztec tributary province. After the Conquest, it became part of the encomienda controlled b D. Pedro de Paz, which encompassed the area of what is now the municipalities of Atotonilco, Huasca de Ocampo and Acatlán. Later in the colonial period, it became part of an “Indian Republic,” meaning the Otomi and Mexicas here had some amount of autonomy from Spanish rule.
The town’s founding is dated as 1518, but the first records in which the town appears dates to 1564, when governor Domingo de Alvardo has a color map drawn. The monastery was built by the Augustinians in between 1544 and 1569 and dedicated to the Archangel Michael. The town would take on “San Miguel” as a prefix late into the 18th century. It is not known who exactly built it as the earliest surviving record is a registry of marriages from 1569. Other records from this time indicate that it was in operation with three monks in residence, including one who could speak both Nahuatl and Otomi. The monastery was turned over to regular clergy in 1745, becoming the parish of the community under Father Miguel Echeverría. Originally it was under the jurisdiction of Mexico City but became part of the Tulancingo archdiocese in 1864.
At the end of the 16th century, the encomiendas were broken up into the hacienda system, with the Totopa, Mixquiapan, Zupitlán, Tpenacasco and Cacaloapan located in what is now the municipality. In the middle of the 18th century, natives of the area struggled against María Dolores Romero de Terreros over lands that were annexed to the San Juan Hueyapan Hacienda in Huasca. These and other problems with the landed elite cause most of the populace here to side with the insurgents during the Mexican War of Independence in the early 19th century, recruiting a number of soldiers here after Nicolás Bravo occupied nearly Tulancingo.
The town was temporarily occupied by forces loyal to Venustiano Carranza during the Mexican Revolution, using the monastery as a barracks.
The municipality was created in 1869.
The church and monastery complex area is undergoing restoration work, which were begun by the Instituto Nacional de Antropología e Historia in 1988.
The town.
The town itself straddles the Huasca-Tulancingo road and serves as a commerce center for the surrounding rural Tulancingo Valley. The town center has municipality’s main public buildings, including the area’s only library, the Biblioteca Pública Municipal Profra. Matilde Sánchez Soto . The main structure is the San Miguel Monastery, which was one of the largest built by the Augustinians in the 16th century in Hidalgo. The complex is partially in ruins although there have been efforts starting from the 1980s to restore it. The facade has flat belfry with four slots for bells. Both the facade and the cloister are nearly devoid of decoration, with traces of the original painted decoration in the cloister and open chapel. It conserves three of its four “capillas posas” or chapels on each of the corners of the large atrium. In the middle of this atrium is a large stone cross.
The town hosts the Expo-Acatlán at the end of September, which features dairy products and crafts as well as rides, cultural events and other attractions. 
The feast in honor of the Archangel Michael is held from the 20-29 of September, with religious events, traditional dances and other activities. At these and other events, are traditional foods such as cueritos (pig skin in chili pepper sauce) and varieties of pulque.
The municipality.
As the municipal seat, the town of Acatlán is the governing authority for about sixty five other communities (inegi) which cover an area of 174.70km2. However, as of 2005, only 418 out of the total municipal population of 17914 lives in the town proper (inegi). The municipality borders the municipalities of Huasca de Ocampo, Agua Blanca de Iturbide, Metepec, Tulancingo de Bravo and Singuilucan.
The town and municipality are located in the Tulancingo Valley. Notable elevations include the Cerro la Providencia and Cerro Prieto. Other elevations are located near the municipality’s borders with Huasca and Tulancingo. It is located in the Moctezuma River basin with rivers and streams such as the Grande Tulancingo, Los Enlamaderos, Las Vegas, El Meco and Salto de Alcholoya. Depending on elevation, the climate ranges from temperate and semi-arid (70% of the territory) to temperate and semi-humid, with rains mostly in the summer and early autumn. Average annual temperature is 14C.
Most of the vegetation is adapted to dry conditions and includes grasses, cactus, palm trees and mesquites. In higher elevations, some broadleaf trees can be found. Wildlife mostly consists of small mammals such as squirrels, opossums, foxes and others. Bird species include eagles, owls and buzzards and reptiles include rattlesnakes and chameleons.
The major natural attraction of the area is the Alcholoya Canyon which contains a waterfall. Other landmarks in the area include Supitlán Lake, the San Pablo thermal springs, which are reputed to have healing capabilities, Cerro del Yolo Mountain, the Santa Elena Dam the former haciendas of Totoapa and Tepaenacascasco, now known as the Rancho Alicia. The Hacienda El Lucero is known for its restaurant which serves exotic dishes such as crocodile ceviche, Sinaloa style, filets of wild boar and ostrich and dishes made with deer, buffalo and other meats.
Economy.
The municipality is poor with agriculture, agriculture, both commercial and sustenance, being the basis of the economy. Between half to two-thirds of the population farms, either full or part-time, with just over half earning minimum wage and 28% receiving no monetary income at all. While much of the agriculture is mechanized, due to the relative flatness of the land, animal pulled plows can still be found here. Main crops include corn, beans, barley and maguey for pulque. Two-thirds of the municipality’s land is cultivated, with the most valuable crops being hay and barley grain. About two-thirds of agriculture is dependent on the rainy season with the rest on irrigation. Much of the rest of the territory is used as pasture, especially for goats. Other domesticated animals include turkeys, chickens, sheep, cows, pigs and horses.
Industry is mostly limited to wood products, dairy products and the mining of kaolinite and some other industrial minerals. There is an asbestos production facility in Alcholoya. Commerce is limited to serving local needs.
Education.
The municipality has kindergartens and primary schools, with middle school education available through “telesecundarias,” sites where lessons are delivered via media from other places. Less than 17% of the population finishes middle school. Those seeking further education must go to Tulancingo or Pachuca. The illiteracy rate is 26.5% although this number is slowly diminishing. The major issue for education is that there are too few schools and many people do not have the resources to travel to school. There are almost no speakers of indigenous languages, but there is a primary school targeted to the indigenous.

</doc>
<doc id="20537137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537137" title="Aranucidae">
Aranucidae

Aranucidae is a family of sea slugs, nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Tritonioidea.
Taxonomy.
This family is within the clade Cladobranchia (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). The family Aranucidae has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).

</doc>
<doc id="20537144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537144" title="Dendronotidae">
Dendronotidae

Dendronotidae is a family of sea slugs, nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Tritonioidea.
This family is within the clade Cladobranchia (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Description.
Animals within this family have elongated bodies with numerous branching cerata on their dorsal sides. The cerata lack extensions from the digestive gland. The head has an oral veil having branching extensions. The lamellate rhinophores are surrounded by a sheath and branched extensions.
Taxonomy.
The family Dendronotidae consists of the following subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
"Dendronotus" is the only genus in this family.

</doc>
<doc id="20537148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537148" title="Hancockiidae">
Hancockiidae

Hancockiidae is a family of sea slugs, nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Tritonioidea.
This family is within the clade Cladobranchia (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Taxonomy.
The family Hancockiidae consists of the following subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
Genera.
Genera within the family Hancockiidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="20537155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537155" title="Scyllaeidae">
Scyllaeidae

Scyllaeidae is a taxonomic family of sea slugs, nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Tritonioidea. 
This family is within the clade Cladobranchia (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Taxonomy.
The family Scyllaeidae consists of the following subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
Genera.
Genera in the family Scyllaeidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="20537159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537159" title="Marnes de Dives">
Marnes de Dives

The Marnes de Dives is a geological formation in Europe. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.

</doc>
<doc id="20537160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537160" title="La Provence">
La Provence

La Provence is a French daily newspaper founded in 1997 and published in Marseille. It was created in Marseille from the merger of two daily newspapers, "Le Provençal" and the "Le Méridional", which was bought by Gaston Defferre.
It currently employs 200 journalists and 700 local correspondents. Its circulation is 170,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20537163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537163" title="Marnes a Belemnopsis latesulcata Formation">
Marnes a Belemnopsis latesulcata Formation

The Marnes a Belemnopsis latesulcata Formation is a geological formation in Europe. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.

</doc>
<doc id="20537164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537164" title="Calcaire de Caen">
Calcaire de Caen

The Calcaire de Caen is a geological formation in Europe. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.
Vertebrate fauna.
Indeterminate sauropod remains located in the Département Du Calvados, France.

</doc>
<doc id="20537167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537167" title="Rutland Clay">
Rutland Clay

The Rutland Clay is a geological formation in Europe. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.

</doc>
<doc id="20537168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537168" title="Taynton Limestone Formation">
Taynton Limestone Formation

The Taynton Limestone Formation (also known informally as the Stonesfield Slate) is a geological formation in the UK. It dates to the Middle Jurassic, mid-Bathonian stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20537171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537171" title="Boizel">
Boizel

Boizel is a Champagne producer based in the Épernay region of Champagne. The house, founded in 1834, produces both vintage and non-vintage "cuvee" as well as a "blanc de blancs" Chardonnay Champagne and a rosé. 

</doc>
<doc id="20537174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537174" title="Inferior Oolite">
Inferior Oolite

The Inferior Oolite is a sequence of Jurassic age sedimentary rocks in Europe. It was deposited during the Middle Jurassic. The Inferior Oolite Group as more recently defined is a Jurassic lithostratigraphic group (a sequence of rock strata) in southern and eastern England . It has been variously known in the past as the Under Oolite (or Oolyte), the Inferior Oolite, the Inferior Oolite Series and the Redbourne Group.
Outcrops.
The rocks are exposed from Dorset and Somerset eastwards and northwards through the English Midlands to Yorkshire. It is present at depth in the Wessex-Weald Basin, where it reaches its greatest thickness of 120m. There are also restricted outcrops on the Isle of Skye in western Scotland.
Lithology and stratigraphy.
The Group comprises up to 120m thickness of oolitic limestones and subordinate sandstones and mudstones laid down during the Jurassic Period. In the East Midlands it comprises (in descending order i.e. oldest last) the Lincolnshire Limestone, Grantham and Northampton Sand formations whereas in the Cotswold Hills it comprises the Salperton Limestone, Aston Limestone and Birdlip Limestone formations.
The limestones are rich in organic material. The ammonite "Parkinsonia parkinsoni", an index fossil for the Bathonian, is native to the Inferior Oolite of Burton Bradstock.
Vertebrate fauna.
Ornithopod tracks geographically located in North Yorkshire, England. Ornithopod and theropod tracks present in North Yorkshire, England.

</doc>
<doc id="20537177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537177" title="Forest Marble Formation">
Forest Marble Formation

The Forest Marble is a geological formation in Europe. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.

</doc>
<doc id="20537180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537180" title="Chipping Norton Formation">
Chipping Norton Formation

The Chipping Norton Formation is a geological formation in Europe. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.
Vertebrate fauna.
The so-called "Scrotum humanum" remains may have come from this formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20537242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537242" title="Canard-Duchêne">
Canard-Duchêne

Canard-Duchêne is a Champagne House, situated in the heart of the Champagne vineyards. It was founded in 1868, and is one of the most prominent Houses or "Grandes Marques" in Champagne. It is now part of the Thiénot Group, owner of its own label Champagne Thiénot, plus Joseph Perrier and Marie Stuart.
Canard-Duchêne exports to many countries across the world, including the United Kingdom, the United States of America, India, and Japan. However, it is not as popular anywhere as it is in its homeland where a bottle of Canard-Duchêne is opened every 15 seconds.
Probably due to the fact that ‘Canard’ translates to ‘Duck’ in English, there is a myth circulating that connects the Champagne House with ducks, and some suggest that 'Canard-Duchêne' translates to ‘Duck of Oak’. However, this is a misunderstanding. The House was founded by Victor Canard and Léonie Duchêne, who gave their names to the Champagne House.
History.
In 1860, a barrel-maker called Victor Canard met a winemaker called Léonie Duchêne. They fell madly in love and got married. They both shared a great passion for wine and so they worked collaboratively to produce their own unique Champagne. Using Victor's skills in farming grapes and ageing wines in barrels and Léonie's expertise in wine-tasting and viniculture, they produced a high class Champagne only 8 years after they met. Only a couple with a bond as close as Victor and Leonie's could produce such a well-received debut Champagne, and it is a credit to both of them that Leonie was able to work in the wine industry during a time when the role of women was largely consigned to household duties. Both Victor and Léonie put their surnames together to create ‘Canard-Duchêne’. It is still one of the few wineries in Champagne to be family-run.
During the tumultuous aftermath of the French Revolution, Canard-Duchêne still managed to appeal to the citizens of France who abhorred any symbols of aristocracy. This was probably because Canard-Duchêne never had large profit-margins, unlike other houses such as Laurent-Perrier, and Moët & Chandon. It was also due to the lucky fact that Napoleon loved drinking Champagne. Indeed it was just after the French Revolution that the art of sabrage (opening a Champagne bottle with a sword) was invented and developed. Canard-Duchêne has always been well-associated with this noble yet fun art form and holds tournaments where sommelier compete in the art of sabrage.
In 1890, Victor and Léonie's son Edmond brought international fame to the Champagne House. He even penetrated the very close circle of the suppliers to the Court of Tsar Nicolas II of Russia. After Edmond secured a contract to be the official supplier of Champagne to the Romanov king, Canard-Duchêne adopted the Russian Imperial coat of arms as part of its logo, the two-headed eagle. The symbol of the two-headed eagle is itself steeped in history: it is one of the oldest symbols of the duality of power of the emperor over both the state and the church, dating right back to the Byzantine period.
In 1978, Canard-Duchêne was associated with Veuve Clicquot and then joined the LVMH Group, which transmitted its rigour and search for quality. Subsequently the House saw substantial growth on European markets. Canard-Duchêne is a brand which is both famous and familiar, and their mantra has always been to celebrate the great and small occasions in life. The takeover by the independent Champagne group Thiénot in October 2003, has strengthened the position of the Canard-Duchêne House in its region and given it new ambitions. More than ever, Canard-Duchêne, is a brand which is both stylistic and chic in presentation and warm in its offering.
Champagnes.
Canard-Duchêne produces a diverse range of champagnes.
Canard-Duchêne Brut Non-Vintage Champagne.
The Authentic Brut Non-Vintage epitomises the Canard-Duchêne style, where freshness and intensity unite nobility and nature. It is made from a blend of 60 different Cru wines, and the blend of grapes is made up of 45% Pinot Noir, 35% Pinot Meunier and 20% Chardonnay. Reserve wines from several years
make up at least 20% of the blend in order to give a consistent style year after year.
Canard-Duchêne Authentic Brut is characterised by its straw-yellow appearance and delicate mousse. Intense aromas of fresh fruit can be detected on the nose, typical of the Pinot grape varietals. On the palate, fruit aromas intermingle with pastry notes, a sign of excellent maturity.
The Canard-Duchêne Authentic Brut can be enjoyed with light foods, and particularly as an aperitif.
Canard-Duchêne Brut Non-Vintage Rosé Champagne.
Delicate and feminine, the Canard-Duchêne Authentic Rosé reveals its distinctly elegant style. Canard-Duchêne Authentic Rosé is a blend of 50% Pinot noir, 20% Pinot Meunier and 30% Chardonnay. The reserve wines, particularly red wines crafted from Pinot Noir from the Montagne de Reims, make up at least 10% of
the blend in order to give a consistent style year after year.
With its delicate, pinkish hue and magnificent, pearlised ribbon, the Canard-Duchêne Authentic Rosé stands out for its intense, fresh fruit aromas of strawberries and raspberries against a backdrop of mineral notes for enhanced freshness. This rosé is delightful as an aperitif, can be enjoyed at parties or to accompany delicately-sweet desserts.
Grande Cuvée Charles VII NV Champagne.
Charles VII was launched in 1968 to celebrate the 100th anniversary of Canard-Duchêne. The original name refers to the king who was led by Joan of Arc to be crowned in the Reims Cathedral in 1429. The Charles VII champagnes offer great finesse and a subtle elegance, the expression of the know-how of Canard-Duchêne. From the very beginning, the concept of the Grande Cuvée Charles VII has remained unchanged: a selection from among Champagne's most prestigious crus, a blend of several exceptional vintages that perpetuates the House's distinctive style: Fruity, elegant and versatile.
Environment.
Unlike most major Champagne Houses which are situated near the town, Canard-Duchêne is firmly established in the countryside of Ludes. They aim for harmony between the buildings, the gardens and the Montagne de Reims National Park. For the last 20 years Canard-Duchêne has made a commitment to sustainable agriculture and environmentally friendly production techniques. The House recently launched an 'Authentic Green' initiative wherein they produced a Champagne made solely from organically-grown grapes. This has been especially important during a time of conspicuous consumption where consumers question the origins of the products they purchase. According to the Canard-Duchêne website, "No words can express Canard-Duchêne's commitment to authentic organic principles better than its own hallmark 'Naturellement Noble'. 'Naturellement' contains the word 'Nature' which suggests love, respect and protection of Nature. 'Noble' conveys a feeling of greatness, generosity and responsibility".
Awards.
Canard-Duchêne wines consistently obtain awards across the board for the Champagnes they produce. Below is a summary of the awards some of their Champagnes won in 2012:
Canard-Duchêne Brut Non-Vintage Champagne
Canard-Duchêne Authentic Green Brut Non-Vintage
Canard-Duchêne Brut Non-Vintage Rosé Champagne
Grande Cuvée Charles VII NV Champagne

</doc>
<doc id="20537256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537256" title="El Triunfo, Baja California Sur">
El Triunfo, Baja California Sur

El Triunfo is a small mining town in La Paz Municipality, Baja California Sur, about 4½ miles north of San Antonio. In 1862, silver and gold were discovered in the southern B.C.S. mountains, leading miners from Mexico and the United States to set up camp. Once the largest city in B.C.S, it was home to more than 10,000 miners. In its heyday the town was a cultural center, where Francisca Mendoza taught and performed. Pianos and other instruments were brought to El Triunfo from all over the world and a piano museum still exists. Another remnant of the past is the 35-meter-high smokestack designed by Gustav Eiffel. The mines shut down in 1926 and most people left. The 2010 census reported a population of 321 inhabitants. It is located at an elevation of 483 meters (1,585 ft.) above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="20537269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537269" title="All the Best (Leo Sayer album)">
All the Best (Leo Sayer album)

All the Best is a greatest hits album from the English singer-songwriter, Leo Sayer, and was released in 1993. The collection reached number 26 in the UK Albums Chart, and marked a return to that chart after almost a decade's absence. In a period of nearly twenty years, "All the Best" thus became Sayer's twelfth UK Albums Chart entry.
According to allmusic, "All the Best" "lives up to its title, offering 17 of Leo Sayer's most popular pop efforts, including each of his Top 40 singles".

</doc>
<doc id="20537279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537279" title="John Cabot Catholic Secondary School">
John Cabot Catholic Secondary School

John Cabot Catholic Secondary School is located in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada. It is a Catholic high school in the Dufferin-Peel Catholic District School Board. The school mascot is the Colt. 
History of the School.
In 1997, the Dufferin-Peel trustees named the school in recognition of the 500th anniversary of John Cabot's famous North American landing.
John Cabot Catholic Secondary School's original building was founded in 1997. It was previously a holding site for other high schools such as St. Francis Xavier Secondary School, St. Joseph's Secondary School and Father Michael Goetz Secondary School. Joseph Geiser was the founding principal and introduced the school's motto of 'Faith, Hope and Charity'. 
In the spring of 2003, the school moved to a Streetsville (holding school) campus on Mississauga Road while a new facility was constructed. Students entered the new facility in September 2004.
Notable alumni.
Chris Campoli, a professional hockey player for the Montreal Canadiens
Fito Blanko, a Latin Grammy Nominated Singer/SongWriter Recording Artist

</doc>
<doc id="20537294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537294" title="Gymbowen, Victoria">
Gymbowen, Victoria

Gymbowen is a township in the Shire of West Wimmera of Victoria, Australia.
History.
The date and establishment of the Gymbowen township is unknown, however the local school was opened in 1891 and the local hotel possibly earlier. The Post office was opened in 1882 and the 1891-92 post office directory lists the following residents:
Gymbowen served as a coach changing stage and as the railway reached there by 1894. The Gymbowen hotel was a widely patronized place of refreshment, and it is said that many stories should have been preserved for posterity.
Gymbowen was the second post office in the district and the oldest survivor having opened on 1 June 1882 under the management of Mr. J. Houston. The annual postal allowance was 6 pounds (A$13.9). William H. Knight conducted the office in conjunction with the general store for many years; Leo Knight was appointed assistant on 11 December 1922 and postmaster on 1 December 1938.
The post office was transferred to Arthur Henry on 21 November 1946 and following his death on 13 December 1965, to Mrs. Margaret Fish.
School.
The Gymbowen School first on the 27th of March 1881. The school started with 8 boys and 10 girls. The school closed on August 31, 1951 with the students transferred to Goroke Consolidated School or as it now known Goroke P-12 College
These are some of the teachers that taught at this school: Young, Clancy, Carter, Clarke, Glenning, Beardsley, Hogan, Canty, Meehan, Trelfel, E Sharpe, J Hedigan, Brown, M Davies, K Makie, M Dudt, Lanrigan, L Wurfell, N Belcher, M Murphy, N tink, J Scott, Betts, Bryant, K Jellett, Messer, J Houston, J Clark, R greening, Claringbold, R Williams, Skidmore, L Pascoe, P Bright, L Prime, J Gleesner, J Lynch, W Passmore, F Duffy, J Roberts, M Dankett, Elmore and Jefferies.
Sports.
In 1940 Gymbowen, Goroke and Minimay combined to enter Tatiara League. During World War II social matches were played between Edenhope, Goroke, Apsley, and Minimay with proceeds to patriotic funds.

</doc>
<doc id="20537341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537341" title="Heartland Cafe">
Heartland Cafe

The Heartland Cafe is a restaurant in the Rogers Park neighborhood of Chicago. Originally opened in 1976 by two activists as the "Sweet Home Chicago Heartland Café," it has become a cultural icon for the diverse neighborhood, known as much for its hippie ambience and left-leaning politics as for its largely (but not exclusively) vegetarian food.
Part of a complex of buildings that also contains a theatre studio, an adjoining music venue, and a newsstand and general store within the restaurant itself, the restaurant is routinely referred to as an "institution" and a social and political center of the neighborhood. Politicians ranging from local candidates to Barack Obama have held rallies and events at the Heartland. On Saturdays, radio station WLUW broadcasts a show called "Live from the Heartland".

</doc>
<doc id="20537354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537354" title="Greater Depression">
Greater Depression

Greater Depression may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20537366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537366" title="Tuesday (You Am I song)">
Tuesday (You Am I song)

"Tuesday" is the fourth single from the album Hourly, Daily by Australian rock band You Am I. It was released in 1997 and reached number 29 on the Australian charts.
Track listing.
"Circles" is a cover of The Who song.
"When You Got Dry" was originally released on the very limited When You Got Dry/How Much Is Enough 7".
"Tonight I'll Be Staying Here With You" is a cover of the Bob Dylan song and is a live, acoustic performance from The Metro Theatre in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="20537374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537374" title="Jet nut">
Jet nut

A jet nut, also known as a K-nut, is a special type of hex locknut that is commonly used in the aerospace and automotive racing industries. It has a flange on one end of the nut, the hex is smaller than a standard sized hex nut, and it is shorter than a standard hex nut. It achieves its locking action by using an elliptical offset on the un-flanged end of the nut.

</doc>
<doc id="20537376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537376" title="F. Luis Mora">
F. Luis Mora

F. Luis Mora, also known as Francis Luis Mora (July 27, 1874 - June 5, 1940), was an Hispanic American figural painter. Mora worked in watercolor, oils and tempera. He produced drawings in pen and ink, and graphite; and etchings and monotypes. He is known for his paintings and drawings depicting American life in the early 20th century; Spanish life and society; historical and allegorical subjects; with murals, easel painting and illustrations. He also was a popular art instructor.
Early Years and Education.
F. Luis Mora was born in Montevideo, Uruguay, to Domingo Mora, a noted sculptor from Catalonia, and Laura Gaillard, a cultured French woman originally from the Bordeaux region of France. Laura Gaillard Mora had two sisters, Ernestina and Gabriella, who married into the Bacardi family, famous for its rum. Mora was close to the Bacardi family all of his life. He had a younger brother, Joseph Jacinto "Jo" Mora, who would go on to become a noted sculptor, photographer and author in California.
The Moras left Uruguay during an insurgency in 1877, when they went to Catalonia. In 1880, they arrived in New York City, and quickly relocated to Perth Amboy, New Jersey, where Domingo Mora accepted a position with the A.H. White Terra Cotta Company, which was renamed The Perth Amboy Terra Cotta Company. The family would later relocate to Allston, Massachusetts (near Boston), where Domingo Mora had sculpture commissions. Mora graduated from Allston High School, and stated in a later interview that he remembered the school fondly. During the Economic Crash of 1893, they all went back to Perth Amboy, New Jersey, which remained Mora's home base all of his life.
While he was a child, Mora's father oversaw his early education in the arts, and young Luis produced hundreds of drawings and watercolors. He was a precocious young artist, drawing historical scenes and scenes of his contemporary environs. At the age of fifteen Mora enrolled in the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, where he studied under the American Impressionists Edmund Charles Tarbell and Frank Weston Benson. In 1892, Mora went on to complete his education at the Art Students League of New York, studying with Henry Siddons Mowbray. By 1892, he was also receiving commissions for illustrations in popular magazines of the era. His formal art education was complete in 1893, when he was just 19 years old.
In 1896 when he was 22 years old, Mora traveled to Europe with his mother, his third trip to Europe. The two visited family in Barcelona and then headed to Madrid, where Mora coincidentally saw William Merritt Chase in the Museo del Prado. It was there, alongside Chase, that Mora became inspired by the art of Diego Velázquez and other Spanish Old Masters. Over the course of many visits to the Prado, Mora practiced and refined his technique by painting copies of Velasquez's works.
In 1900, Mora married the daughter of the mayor of Perth Amboy, New Jersey, Sophia ("Sonia") Brown Compton, who was his childhood sweetheart. She encouraged his easel painting, and he set forth on a successful career.
Professional career.
In 1904 Mora was voted an Associate member of the National Academy of Design, and was elected a full member in 1906, probably its first Hispanic member. He was also voted as a member to 15 other art societies. Mora won numerous medals and awards within the New York artistic community, including the Rothschild Prize, the Carnegie Prize, the Shaw Purchase Prize at the Salmagundi Club; and in 1915 he won a gold medal at the Panama Pacific International Exhibition in San Francisco.
Mora taught illustration and life classes at both William Merritt Chase's Chase School of Art (renamed the New York School of Art in 1898, later to become Parsons) and the Art Students League. Among his students was Georgia O'Keeffe, who studied with him between 1907 and 1908. During this time Mora also embarked upon a successful and prolific career as an illustrator, producing work for several books and publications, including "Harper's Weekly", "Scribner's", "The Century", "Collier's", "Sunday Magazine", and "Ladies' Home Journal". Additionally, during World War I Mora was one of several illustrators who volunteered to create motivational World War I posters for the Third and Fourth Liberty Loan Boards, U.S. Committee on Public Information.
In addition to his success as an easel painter and illustrator, Mora became a well known muralist. His first mural, in 1900, was a commission for the Lynn Public Library in Lynn, Massachusetts. Following that, Mora received a commission for the Missouri State Building at the Louisiana Purchase Exposition (also known as the St. Louis World's Fair)in 1904. He continued to receive commissions, including murals for Columbia College, the Governor's Mansion of New Jersey, the Red Cross, The Town Club and Bar in Manhattan, the 1939 New York World's Fair, and in the Sears family (Sears & Roebuck) country home in Brookline, Massachusetts.
Mora was also a successful portraitist who counted Andrew Carnegie among his subjects. After at least one attempt by another artist, Mora was selected by the Fine Arts Commission to paint a posthumous portrait of President Warren G. Harding. That portrait remains on permanent display in the White House. He painted portraits of Society matrons and their children, prominent physicians and attorneys; and around 1915 he painted a series of portraits of actresses and dancers, including Isadora Duncan.
Mora would return to Spain frequently throughout his career, and he had at least two extended stays when he painted. During 1905, he rented a studio in Madrid from which to work, and in 1909 he and Sonia spent an entire year abroad when he took a studio in Seville.
He and Sonia bought land in Gaylordsville, Connecticut in 1913, where he painted an array of easel paintings of everyday life in the countryside. On July 22, 1918, Mora's daughter, Rosemary, was born. She became his constant subject, and in 1921 he had a solo exhibition at the venerable William Macbeth Gallery, entitled "An American Summer," with many watercolors picturing toddler Rosemary. In 1923, he completed his summer home and studio; and in 1924, Mora was a co-founder of the Kent Art Association in Connecticut. In 1927, Mora had a solo exhibition at the Buenos Aires Museo de Bellas Artes (Argentina), which received glowing reviews in The New York Times.
In 1931, Mora's beloved wife, Sonia, died suddenly of food poisoning. A few months later, he took Rosemary out of school and went to live with his brother, Jo Mora, on the Monterey Peninsula. He soon returned to New York in 1932 to marry a former portrait sitter and wealthy widow, May Safford. Mora was 58 years old, and May was 53 and had a grown daughter who was already married. Although he continued to exhibit, he won no further medals and few, if any, of his easel paintings were selling. Because of the Great Depression, he also suffered a dearth of portrait commissions, and his illustrations became few. Sadly, May did not get along with Rosemary; and Mora sent Rosemary to expensive boarding schools, further compromising his financial situation. Mora gradually ran out of money, and in 1939 he rented his beloved Gaylordsville property to strangers.
Mora died on June 5, 1940, in May's elegant apartment in New York. He was 64, just six weeks before his 65th birthday.
Artistic Significance.
Mora is known for his attempts to translate the techniques of the Spanish Old Masters to a modern American idiom. Since Mora's initial travels in Spain coincided with the emergence of the Generation of '98, a portion of his oeuvre has been interpreted as an attempt to understand modern Spain and Spanish-U.S. relations in the aftermath of the Spanish-American War. He also produced a series of nudes, many with Spanish shawls as backdrops. He painted a portrait of his only daughter, Rosemary, "In Costume" in 1925, showing her as a little Senorita pushing a doll carriage.
Mora also produced a large series of Impressionist paintings with American subjects. Many pictured life in the Connecticut and New Jersey countryside, and picnic scenes. He loved children, and some of his most notable and published scenes pictured happy youngsters at play. He was also interested in music and theater, and painted scenes with American actresses and dancers. He was elected to fifteen art societies where he won many medals and awards.
He had numerous solo shows in museums and in galleries. He exhibited across the United States, in New York City and State, Indiana, California, Georgia, and others. His galleryist patrons were William Macbeth, Alfred Stieglitz and Edward Milch, all known for showing the best American artists of the era. Mora participated in group shows in dozens of art societies, museums and galleries. He was famous in his lifetime, but was quickly forgotten because his works were poorly handled after his death.
Only recently, with the publication of his comprehensive biography by Lynne Pauls Baron, edited by Peter Hastings Falk, has Mora's memory and works experienced accolades that he deserves. On September 20, 2008, Bacardi U.S.A., Inc. sponsored a gala celebration and lectures in Mora's honor at New York's National Art Club on Gramercy Park.
Legacy.
Mora's works are currently held or on display in 34 museums, including the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York (eight works) and the Smithsonian American Art Museum. Mora's works are also held by The Butler Museum of Art in Ohio, The Newark Museum, The Telfair Museum in Savannah, The New York Historical Society, The Museum of the City of New York, Yale University Art Gallery, The National Gallery of Canada in Ottawa, National Arts Club in New York. Phoenix Art Museum, The National Academy of Design in New York, San Diego Museum of Art, and many others.
Family Relationships.
F. Luis Mora was married for 31 years to Sophia ("Sonia") Brown Compton Mora. They had one daughter, Rosemary, who never married and never had children; and therefore Mora's direct lineage ended with her.
After Sophia died, in 1932 Mora married May Safford. May was 53 at the time, and there were no children from the marriage. Mora does not have any grandchildren or great-grandchildren.
Mora was closely related to the Bacardi family, famous for its rum. His mother was a Gaillard with two sisters who married into the Bacardi family which had many children. Mora's uncle Facundo Bacardi (married to Ernestina Gaillard) was the company's "master blender" who made rum a light, pleasant-tasting spirit.
Luis Mora's father, Domingo Mora, was Catalonian with a large family in Spain. It is not known whether any Mora family members are still living in Spain.
Mora's only known living descendants are a great-niece in California, a nephew in California, a niece in New Jersey who has vivid memories of him; and many cousins in the Bacardi-Gaillard family who are directly related.
Mora's family relationships are noted in his comprehensive biography,"F. Luis Mora: America's First Hispanic Master" by Lynne Pauls Baron, pages 315 to 317.

</doc>
<doc id="20537387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537387" title="Cross Roads Church">
Cross Roads Church

Baldwin Hall, also known as the Cross Roads Church, was built as the Severn Crossroads Methodist Episcopal Church and is currently a historic church at Millersville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is a one-story gable-front frame structure in the Italianate and Carpenter Gothic-styles built in 1861. It was moved about 1930 and again in 1981. An addition, constructed about 1933, duplicates the exterior detailing of the original part. It is currently operated by the Severn Cross Roads Foundation, Inc., as a wedding and banquet facility known as Historic Baldwin Hall.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20537426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537426" title="Mitzi...Roarin' in the 20's">
Mitzi...Roarin' in the 20's

Mitzi...Roarin' in the 20s is a 1976 Emmy Award winning television special starring Mitzi Gaynor.
Overview.
The variety show included music and comedy and guest starred Carl Reiner, Linda Hopkins and Ken Berry. It was produced by Jack Bean, Tom Biener and Harry Waterson; and directed by Brian Bartholomew and Keaton S. Walker.
Awards.
Costume designer Bob Mackie won an Emmy for "Outstanding Achievement in Costume Design for Music-Variety". John Freschi won an Emmy for "Outstanding Achievement in Lighting Direction".

</doc>
<doc id="20537434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537434" title="Rusty Higgins">
Rusty Higgins

Rusty Higgins is an American saxophonist, arranger, composer, & session musician. Based out of Los Angeles, Higgins has been working in the music industry for over 40 years and has performed with Frank Sinatra, Sammy Davis, Jr., Aretha Franklin, Ralph Carmichael, Bob Florence, Les Brown, Toni Tennille, and countless others.
David "Rusty" Higgins is an Akron, Ohio native who attended Kent State University for four years as a bassoon major. He then traveled with different bands for five years before moving to Los Angeles, where he has served as a woodwind doubler (saxophone, clarinet, flute) for 34 years. His primary experience includes extensive recording studio, theater, and jazz concert work. In addition to teaching at APU, he has taught master classes, clinics, and jazz workshops at high schools in California and Ohio, as well as Kent State University and the Shanghai Conservatory of Music. 
Higgins was previously a featured sax soloist with Les Brown’s Band of Renown. He joined Captain & Tennille in 1979 and served as Toni Tennille’s symphony orchestra conductor beginning in 1984, conducting more than 70 orchestras. He played for both of Ronald Regan’s presidential inaugural balls. Additional performance experience includes playing in the bands of Gordon Goodwin (Big Phat Band), Louis Bellson, Clark Terry (Montreux Jazz Festival), Ray Anthony, Toshiko Akiyoshi, Bill Holman, Bob Florence, Tom Kubis, Wayne Bergeron, Ralph Carmichael, Nelson Riddle, Jack Sheldon, Ray Charles (Hollywood Bowl), Buddy Miles, L.A. Rams Band, and others. Higgins has also recorded and/or performed with Frank Sinatra, Tony Bennett, Sammy Davis Jr., Mel Torme, Aretha Franklin, Natalie Cole, Rosemary Clooney, Sting, Kenny G., Arturo Sandoval, Michael Buble, Michael Feinstein, the Temptations, Diana Ross, Manhattan Transfer, Stevie Wonder, Johnny Cash, Avenged Sevenfold, and more.
In 2000, Higgins won a Grammy with Bob Florence for producing the Album, Serendipity 18 Best Large Jazz Ensemble Performance.
Besides recording and performing, Higgins currently teaches at Azusa Pacific University and owns his own store, Long Beach Woodwinds.
Rusty is married to his wife Georgia, and have three children David, Benjamin and Erin.
References.
1. Biography of Rusty Higgins on the Phil Norman Tentet website: [http://www.philnormantentet.com/playersarrangers.html]

</doc>
<doc id="20537450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537450" title="Zen Habits">
Zen Habits

Zen Habits is one of the most visited blogs on the Internet with 240,000 subscribers, and Alexa ranks it as 3,732th popular website in the US, and covers simplifying, living frugally, parenting, happiness, motivation, eliminating debt, saving, eating healthily, successfully implementing good habits, and achieving goals.
Zen Habits was created by Leo Babauta (born April 30, 1973), a blogger, journalist and published author from the United States territory of Guam who currently lives in San Francisco. Babauta's first post was on February 1, 2007. In February 2009, Time Magazine named Zen Habits one of the Top 25 Blogs for 2009, and in June 2010, it named Zen Habits at the top of its list for the Top 25 Blogs for 2010. Until approximately 2010, the blog focused largely on topics such as productivity and being organized, but Babauta later drifted away from these topics. In a post titled "Toss Productivity Out", published 6 September 2011, Babauta explicitly encouraged his readers to focus on simplifying their lives rather than getting more things done.
Babauta also has a blog focused on simplicity called mnmlist.com. He brought attention to "The 100 Things Challenge", which is a powerful method of working toward Simple living. The challenge is to reduce personal possessions to 100 items or fewer. There is some wiggle room because collections such as books may be counted as a single list item. Babauta subsequently set the "50 Things Challenge". 
On November 6, 2007, an e-book called "Zen To Done: The Ultimate Simple Productivity System" was made available to purchase. It is composed of some of Zen Habits' popular blog posts.
On January 7, 2008, the Zen Habits blog and "Zen to Done" e-book were dedicated to the public domain.
On December 30, 2008, Babauta's first print book, "The Power of Less", was published by Hyperion Books. It reached the Amazon best-seller list on its first day and remains one of the top business motivation books on Amazon.

</doc>
<doc id="20537455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537455" title="Mohd Farizal Marlias">
Mohd Farizal Marlias

Mohd Farizal Marlias (born June 29, 1986) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Selangor FA. He is a member of the Malaysian national team and also previously played for the Malaysian Pre-Olympic squad.
Career.
Club.
Farizal started his professional career with Shahzan Muda FC. He spent two seasons playing in the Premier League Malaysia. He transferred to Perlis and wore the number one jersey for two seasons.
In 2011, he joined Negeri Sembilan FA. Initially he become second-choice goalkeeper to Mohd Farizal Harun, but Farizal gradually becomes the number one goalkeeper after recovering from injury and subsequently helped his team winning the 2011 Malaysia Cup.
He joined Perak FA at the end of 2012.
National Team.
Farizal was selected as the third choice goalkeeper for the 2008 AFF Suzuki Cup after Badrulzaman Abdul Halim was dropped because of injury.
On 12 July 2009, Farizal earned his first senior international appearance in an unofficial matches against Zimbabwe. He later made his full international debut against Kenya.
He also featured with Malaysia Selection in the exhibition match against Manchester United in which he conceded three goals in the first game and two goals in the second game. In the first game, he assisted Mohd Amri Yahyah who scored a beautiful volley outside the penalty box.
In 2010, Malaysian coach K. Rajagobal called up "Farizal" for the 2010 AFF Suzuki Cup, but he was later ruled out by injury during a league match with Perlis. He was later replaced by Mohd Sharbinee Allawee Ramli.
In 2011, Farizal made his international comeback when he came on as a substitute against Hong Kong in February. In July, he was selected to play for Malaysia Selection in a match against Chelsea. He keep a clean sheet for the Malaysian side before being replaced by Harimau Muda A keeper Mohd Izham Tarmizi in the 75th minute.

</doc>
<doc id="20537470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537470" title="Farnsworth, Texas">
Farnsworth, Texas

Farnsworth is an unincorporated community in western Ochiltree County, Texas, United States. It lies at the intersection of State Highway 15 with FM376, southwest of the city of Perryton, the county seat of Ochiltree County. Its elevation is 2,995 feet (913 m). Although Farnsworth is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 79033; the ZCTA for ZIP code 79033 had a population of 106 at the 2000 census.
Founded in 1919 along the Panhandle and Santa Fe Railway, Farnsworth was not the first community in the area: the coming of ranchers in the 1880s had led to the establishment of a nearby community named Olds. The locality changed names several times: starting at Olds, it became Nogal with the establishment of a post office in 1905, changed to Rogerstown in 1906, and finally concluded in 1920 with the opening of a post office at the current site. From the beginning, the community has borne the name of Farnsworth, given in honor of Panhandle and Santa Fe Railway director H. W. Farnsworth
Climate.
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Farnsworth has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="20537472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537472" title="Waka, Texas">
Waka, Texas

Waka is an unincorporated community in western Ochiltree County, Texas, United States. It lies along State Highway 15 southwest of the city of Perryton, the county seat of Ochiltree County. Its elevation is 3,045 feet (928 m). Although Waka is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 79093; the ZCTA for ZIP code 79093 had a population of 76 at the 2000 census.
The community, initially named Wawaka, was founded by German settlers in 1885, and its post office was opened in 1901. When another community, Burnside, was platted along the Panhandle and Santa Fe Railway 3 miles (5 km) away, Wawaka's residents and its postmaster moved to Burnside; the community was renamed Waka in 1921, two years after the Wawaka residents moved, but the post office remained "Wawaka" for six years.

</doc>
<doc id="20537477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537477" title="Fabrizio Crestani">
Fabrizio Crestani

Fabrizio Crestani (born 17 December 1987) is an Italian racing driver.
Career.
Having competed in karts until 2005, Crestani moved up to the Formula Junior 1600 Italia championship, finishing in 4th place in the championship, driving for PSR Motorsport. Crestani had one win and finished behind Pasquale Di Sabatino, Mihai Marinescu and Jaime Alguersuari in the championship. He also made his debut in the Italian Formula Three Championship for Corbetta Competizioni at the final round at the Misano World Circuit. Having qualified 7th for both races, Fabrizio recorded a sixth and a seventh from the two races, allowing him to finish 13th in the championship.
Crestani moved up full-time to Italian F3 for 2006, continuing with Corbetta Competizioni. Over the course of the season, he recorded one pole position at Vallelunga, and five podiums (four of which being second places) on his way to fifth in the championship. He also made an appearance in the British Formula Three Championship when the series visited Mugello. Driving in the Invitational Class, he finished both races outside of the points recording a 15th and a 14th with lap times matching the National Class runners.
A third season of Italian F3 followed, again with Corbetta. Having recorded two more pole positions at Misano, Crestani finally recorded his first wins in the championship at Mugello, leading home 2008 champion Mirko Bortolotti in both races. A third win would follow later in the year at Vallelunga, but Crestani could not improve on his championship position from 2006 by again finishing fifth, 41 points behind champion Paolo Maria Nocera.
Crestani would not return to the series for 2008, instead moving to the Euroseries 3000 championship for GP Racing. Again, a fifth place championship position was the net result of the season including wins at Mugello, and a double at the Magione season finale. He finished 8th in the counterpart Italian series, which ran at the same time as the Euro series, at four of the first five rounds. He also forayed into the International Formula Master series, racing at Valencia, Pau and Brno for Euronova Racing. His best finish was first in the race at Pau – holding off champion Chris van der Drift by 0.058 seconds, giving him a total of 0.5 points in the championship.
After Tiago Monteiro acquired the former BCN Competición team and renamed it as Ocean Racing Technology, Monteiro replaced both drivers from round one (Hiroki Yoshimoto and Luca Filippi), hiring Yelmer Buurman and Crestani to be the drivers to replace them from round two of the 2008–09 GP2 Asia Series season onwards. He scored no points and finished 28th in the championship. He resumed his Euroseries career with the TP Formula team, although he then switched to the Emmebi Motorsport outfit for the final round of the championship. He took six podium finishes, a pole position and a fastest lap from the 13 races to finish fourth in the championship and fifth in the concurrent Italian F3000 championship.
Crestani had a fragmented 2010, competing four races in Auto GP for the DAMS and Trident teams, and six races for David Price Racing in the main GP2 Series after replacing Giacomo Ricci in the team. Due to lack of sponsorship, Fabrizio Crestani then undertook a full 2011 season in Auto GP with the Lazarus team alongside compatriot Fabio Onidi; he finished fourth in the championship.
Crestani remained with Lazarus as the team made its GP2 Series début in 2012, and was partnered by Giancarlo Serenelli. He has since scored his best series points with a second-place finish in the season-opening feature race in 2013. Reputed by racing insiders to be one of the fastest drivers who is already ready to compete in the Formula One category, Fabrizio Crestani who is presently racing with Team Lazarus is nonetheless very busy looking for a potential sponsor given that his dream is to compete for a Formula One team.

</doc>
<doc id="20537480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537480" title="Paco Bienzobas">
Paco Bienzobas

Francisco 'Paco' Bienzobas Ocáriz (born 26 March 1909 – died 30 April 1981) was a Spanish footballer who played as a forward.
Having spent most of his 16-year career with Real Sociedad – 196 official games and 109 goals– he was the first player to win the Pichichi Trophy award, given to the top scorer in La Liga.
Club career.
Born in San Sebastián, Gipuzkoa, Bienzobas arrived at local Real Sociedad at the age of 17, from amateurs "Unión Deportiva de San Sebastián", helping the Basque win the Regional Championship in his first year. He reached his first Copa del Rey final with the club in 1928, facing FC Barcelona in three games (two 1–1 draws and a 1–3 loss). 
In 1929 a national league was created, and Real Sociedad participated in La Liga's first edition, finishing fourth out of the ten clubs competing. Bienzobas scored 14 goals during the season, being the first player to be crowned Pichichi; he spent a further four years with the club, netting 39 goals in 65 league matches. 
In 1934 Bienzobas joined CA Osasuna, at the time in Segunda División, helping the Navarrese immediately achieve promotion, but being immediately relegated back. The Spanish Civil War put a stop to his career for several years and, subsequently, he returned to Real Sociedad, retiring from football at the end of 1941–42 (aged 33) after making only five appearances during the season, and amassing Spanish top division totals of 92 games and 50 goals.
International career.
Bienzobas appeared for Spain on two occasions, scoring as many goals. His debut came on 4 June 1928 as the national team lost 1–8 against Italy in the Summer Olympics.
Coaching / Refereeing career.
After his retirement, Bienzobas worked briefly as a manager with Osasuna. In 1942 he begun a referee spell that would eventually feature him in 48 Spanish top flight games, his debut coming in 1948. 

</doc>
<doc id="20537531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537531" title="ImageAXS">
ImageAXS

ImageAXS is a software application for organizing and editing digital photos, originally created by Digital Arts and Sciences Corporation and later acquired by Caere Corporation (later ScanSoft and later Nuance Communications). "ImageAXS" is a blend of the word Image and Access (AXS). 
Native applications for Windows, Mac OS were available. Now unsupported but available for free.
Features.
Organization and editing.
For organizing photos, ImageAXS has file importing and tracking features, as well as tags and collections for further sorting.
Keywords.
Application uses MS Access database to keep track of meta data for each image file.
Searching.
Application has basic and advanced search capabilities. It also supports boolean operators for searching. During HTML export some search capability is preserved by creation of static search dataset.
Viewing.
Application provides capability of viewing thumbnails grid as well as zooming in out of individual images.
Creation of thumbnail image.
The program creates a Collection of digital content files from Source files. The original image (source file) remains where it is located, but program automatically creates a thumbnail preview of the image. The name of the image and type of file is visible. There are options to customize the appearance of the thumbnail and the collection file. The source of the original file is recorded and remembers where it is. One can double click the thumbnail to view the full image without launching another application. Images can be identified with a keyword or up to 100 data fields so that the file can be found readily by complex advanced search functionality.
Portfolios.
Using a drag and drop method, one can organize and display images in portfolios, including Web page portfolios. Subsets of records can also be created via drag_and_drop into your custom folders. 
Creation of Web pages.
ImageAXS automatically creates HTML pages of selected images with a single command-–export to HTML. Visitors to the Web site can click on the thumbnails to see full size images.
e_ZCard Export.
e_ZCard is an electronic mini album that combines images and two fields of text in a self extracting executable.
Upgrade Options.
ImageAXS is no longer a supported product. As Microsoft releases updated versions of DLL files, the Windows version may cease to function. The Macintosh version is only available for OS 9.
Conversion to ThumbsPlus is one option. 
Gallery Systems also offers a special upgrade to EmbARK Cataloguer. 

</doc>
<doc id="20537542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537542" title="Oil Campaign of World War II">
Oil Campaign of World War II

The Allied oil Campaign of World War II was directed by the RAF and USAAF against facilities supplying Nazi Germany with petroleum, oil, and lubrication (POL) products. Part of the immense Allied strategic bombing effort during the war, the targets in Germany and "Axis Europe"; included refineries for natural oil, plants producing synthetic oil, storage depots, and other POL chemical works.
The reliance of Germany on oil and oil products for its war machine was identified before the war and the strategic bombing started with RAF attacks on Germany in 1940. After the US entered the war, it carried out daytime "precision" attacks such as Operation Tidal Wave against refineries in Romania in 1943. The "last major strategic raid" of the war was on a refinery in Norway in April 1945. During the war the effort expended against POL targets varied with the relative priority given to other objectives such as defeating the German V-weapon attacks or preparations for the invasion of western Europe in 1944.
Campaign strategy.
The British had identified the importance of Germany's fuel supplies before the war in their "Western Air Plan 5(c)". The focus of British bombing during 1940 changed repeatedly in response to directives from the Air Ministry. At the start of June, oil targets were made a priority of night bombing with attacks on other war industry to be made on dark nights (when the oil targets could not be located) but with the proviso that "indiscriminate action" should be avoided. On 20 June oil targets were made third priority below the German aircraft industry and lines of communication between Germany and the armies at the front. Following a brief period when German shipping was given priority, oil targets were made secondary priority in mid July under a policy of concentrated attack with five oil refineries listed for attention. Sir Charles Portal was sceptical of the likelihood of success of the policy identifying that only a few targets could be located by average crews under moonlit conditions.
The RAF viewed Axis oil as a "vital centre", and in February 1941, the British Air Staff expected that RAF Bomber Command would, by destruction of half of a list of 17 targets, reduce Axis oil production capacity by 80%.
Although the Butt Report of August 1941 identified the poor accuracy and performance of RAF bombing, Air Chief Marshal Arthur Harris maintained at the subsequent Casablanca Conference the great importance of oil targets in Axis territory. The first US bombing of a European target was of the Ploieşti refineries on June 12, 1942 and the Oil Campaign continued at a lower priority until 1944. Priority fell with the need for attacks on German V-weapon targets ("Operation Crossbow") in France and then the attacks on lines of communication in preparation for the invasion of France (described as the "Transportation Plan").
In March 1944 the "Plan for Completion of Combined Bomber Offensive" was put forward which found favour with the British Ministry of Economic Warfare. The plan proposed attacking "fourteen synthetic plants and thirteen refineries" of Nazi Germany.
The plan estimated Axis oil production could be reduced by 50% by bombing—33% below the amount Nazi Germany needed—but also included 4 additional priorities: first oil, then fighter and ball bearing production, rubber production, and bomber output. The damage caused by the May 12 and 28 trial bombings of oil targets, as well as the confirmation of the oil facilities' importance and vulnerability from Ultra intercepts and other intelligence reports, would result in the oil targets becoming the highest priority on September 3, 1944.
In June 1944, in response to Air Ministry query on resources, Bomber Command staff estimated it would take 32,000 tons of bombs to destroy 10 oil targets in the Ruhr. Harris agreed to divert spare effort to oil targets. They were deemed to be of such importance that one raid was staged that consisted only of bomb carrying fighters, to rest the bomber crews and surprise the defenders.
In late summer 1944 the Allies began using reconnaissance photo information to time bombing with the resumption of production at a facility. Even with the weather limitations: "This was the big breakthrough...a plant would be wounded...by successive attacks on its electrical grid—its nervous system—and on its gas and water mains." (author Donald Miller). However, due to bad fall and winter weather, a "far greater tonnage" was expended on Transportation Plan targets than oil targets. In January 1945, the priority of oil targets was lowered.
To prevent oil supplies from Romania reaching Germany, the RAF had extended its aerial mining activities ("Gardening") to the Danube.
Post-war.
Despite the RAF and Harris claims regarding the great importance of oil targets, Harris had opposed assigning the highest priority to oil targets but acknowledged post-war that the campaign was "a complete success" with the qualifier: "I still do not think that it was reasonable, at that time, to expect that the campaign would succeed; what the Allied strategists did was to bet on an outsider, and it happened to win the race."
Joint Chiefs of Staff Directive 1067 prohibited German post-war production of oil through July 1947, and the United States Army made post-war provisions to rehabilitate and use petroleum installations where needed, as well as to dispose of unneeded captured equipment. After inspections of various plants by the "European technology mission" ("Plan for Examination of Oil Industry of Axis Europe") and a report in March 1946, the United States Bureau of Mines employed seven Operation Paperclip synthetic fuel scientists in a Fischer-Tropsch chemical plant in Louisiana, Missouri. In October 1975, Texas A&M University began the German Document Retrieval Project and completed a report on April 28, 1977. The report identified final investigations of the German plants and interrogations of German scientists by the British Intelligence Objectives Sub-Committee, the US Field Information Agency (Technical), and the Combined Intelligence Objectives Sub-Committee.
Opinions on outcome.
Despite its successes, by the spring of 1944 the Combined Bomber Offensive had failed to severely damage the German economy or significantly interrupt production of a vital item. The Oil Campaign was the first to accomplish these goals. The US strategic bombing survey identified "catastrophic" damage. Of itself, German industry was not significantly affected by attacks on oil targets as coal was its primary source of energy. And in its analysis of strategic bombing as a whole the USSBS identified the consequences of the breakdown of transportation resulting from attacks against transportation targets as "probably greater than any other single factor" in the final collapse of the German economy.
Several prominent Germans, however, described the Oil Campaign as critical to the Third Reich's defeat. Adolf Galland, "General der Jagdflieger" of the Luftwaffe until relieved of command in January 1945, wrote in his book "the most important of the combined factors which brought about the collapse of Germany," and the Luftwaffe's wartime leader, Hermann Göring, described it as "the utmost in deadliness."
Albert Speer, writing in his memoir, said that "It meant the end of German armaments production."
It has been stated to have been "effective immediately, and decisive within less than a year." Luftwaffe Field Marshal Erhard Milch, referring to the consequences of the Oil Campaign, claimed that "The British left us with deep and bleeding wounds, but the Americans stabbed us in the heart."
Statistics.
The following statistics are from the British Bombing Survey Unit. Figures are for the oil campaign in the last year of the war.
Number of attacks by the RAF and USAAF against oil targets:
Short tons dropped on oil targets:
The efficiency of the bombing was lacking. Working from German records for certain sites, the USSBS determined that on average 87% of Allied bombs fell outside the factory perimeter and that only a few percent struck plant or equipment inside the boundary. The USAAF could put 26% of their bombing within the factories in good bombing conditions, 12% when using a mix of visual and instruments but only 5% when it had to use instrument-only bombing techniques; and 80% of their tonnage was delivered under partly or fully instrument conditions. The RAF averaged 16% inside the factory. Bomber Command's efforts against oil were more efficient in some regards - although delivering a smaller total tonnage it did so from 2/3 base area. The USSBS believed that Bomber Command's heavy bombs - 4,000 lb "cookies" - were more effective than an equivalent weight of smaller bombs. Both RAF and USAAF dropped a large number of bombs on oil targets that failed to explode: 19% and 12% respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20537546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537546" title="Daniel Drezner">
Daniel Drezner

Daniel W. Drezner (born August 28, 1968 in Syracuse, New York) is currently a professor of international politics at The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University, the author of several books, the author of many Op-Ed pieces in major publications, a blogger, and a commentator.
Education.
Drezner graduated from Williams College with a B.A. in 1990. He received his M.A. and Ph.D. degree from Stanford University.
Political Views.
Drezner rarely discusses his political loyalties, but he did write, in 2011:
"I find liberals write "even conservative Dan Drezner..." while conservatives often deploy terms like "academic elitist" or "RINO." In my case, at this point in time, I believe that last appellation to be entirely fair and accurate. I'm not a Democrat, and I don't think I've become more liberal over time."
Media contributions.
Drezner has contributed to many media outlets, including being a monthly contributor to "The New Republic Online", and has also published essays and Op-Eds in "Foreign Affairs", "Foreign Policy", the "New York Times", "Slate", "Tech Central Station", the "Wall Street Journal", among others. In addition, he has been a frequent guest on Bloggingheads.tv and various other video and radio mediums. Drezner started blogging at his own site, named DanielDrezner.com. In January 2009, he became a contributing blogger to the site ForeignPolicy.com.
Books.
Drezner is the author of:
He has also edited:

</doc>
<doc id="20537561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537561" title="List of islands of Kuwait">
List of islands of Kuwait

This is a list of islands of Kuwait. Kuwait has nine Islands (ten including one former island). They are indicated on the NASA satellite image and listed in the table in order from north to south:

</doc>
<doc id="20537571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537571" title="Fundación Sant Lluc Evangelista">
Fundación Sant Lluc Evangelista

The Fundación Sant Lluc Evangelista ("Foundation of Saint Luke Evangelist"), was founded in 1952, in Barcelona, by Ramón Roca Puig (1906–2001), Spanish papyrolog and priest from Catalonia, who several times travelled to the Near East (Egypt and Palestine), where acquired some important ancient manuscripts.
The collection contains works of the ancient authors, like: Homer (Iliad and Odyssey), Ptolemy, written on papyri in a form of scroll, biblical manuscripts in Greek and Coptic languages from the 3rd and 4th century written in a form of codex, and some early Christian writings.

</doc>
<doc id="20537600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537600" title="Zellenleiter">
Zellenleiter

Zellenleiter (Cell Leader) was a Nazi Party political title which existed between the years of 1930 and 1945. A "Zellenleiter" was higher in rank than a "Blockleiter" and was in charge of a "Nazi Cell", composed of eight to twelve city blocks. 
History and Usage.
The position of "Zellenleiter" was first created in 1930 as a mid-level political leadership title. Originally known as "Zellenwart", in 1933 after the Nazis came to power, the rank of "Zellenwart" was replaced by a new rank known as "Stellenleiter". It was the "Stellenleiters", on the local level of the Nazi Party encompassing German towns and cities, who held the positional title of "Zellenleiter", and were often referred to as such in contrast to their actual political rank. Such persons answered to an official known as an "Ortsgruppenleiter", considered the chief Nazi in a municipal region.
In 1939, the Nazi Party completed revamped its political ranking system and created a plethora of new Nazi Party political ranks and the title of "Zellenleiter" was adopted into its final form. Holders of the position now held a standard Nazi political rank (normally "Bereitschaftsleiter" or "Einsatzleiter") while also displaying a political armband denoting their position as a "Zellenleiter". There were also three primary "Zellenleiter" positions, these being:
Two special positions, known as "Betriebszellenobmann" and "Hauptbetriebszellenobmann" also existed, but were more focused on war production duties rather than the Nazi Cell command chain.
Duties.
The original political rank of "Zellenwart" was used to supervise local Nazi political leaders during a time when the Nazi Party was attempting to gain power in the Weimar Republic. After the establishment of Nazi Germany in 1933, the political position of "Zellenleiter" became a type of political strongman and was usually the highest Nazi official that the general population would have direct dealings with on a day-to-day basis.
During World War II, the "Zellenleiters" oversaw the activities of the "Blockleiters" under their command. Primary focus was on the enforcement of Nazi policies, the promulgation of war production, and the administration of civil relief efforts, especially towards the end of the war when Germany was invaded. As defeat loomed for Nazi Germany, many "Zellenleiters" became associated with the Volksturm and served as "ad hoc" military commanders when the need arose.

</doc>
<doc id="20537601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537601" title="Muhammad Juzaili Samion">
Muhammad Juzaili Samion

Muhammad Juzaili Samion (born May 18, 1981) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing as a right and left back and midfield for Felda United FC and the Malaysia national team.
He is one of Malaysian player that have trial with SV Wehen, club from Germany. He made his first appearance with Malaysia in under 23 level during the 2001 Southeast Asian Games where Malaysia finish as runners-up. On senior level, he made his debut against Hong Kong during the 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC).

</doc>
<doc id="20537609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537609" title="Lelia Lake, Texas">
Lelia Lake, Texas

Lelia Lake is an unincorporated community in central Donley County, Texas, United States. It lies along U.S. Route 287 southeast of the city of Clarendon, the county seat of Donley County. Its elevation is 2,592 feet (790 m). Although Lelia Lake is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 79240; the ZCTA for ZIP code 79240 had a population of 101 at the 2000 census.
Founded along the Fort Worth and Denver City Railway in the late 1880s, the community was named for the founder's sister. When a post office was opened in the community in late 1906, the potential of confusion with the community of Lela in Wheeler County to the northeast led the Post Office to attach "Lake" to the community's name. A school was established in the community in 1894. Historically, Lelia Lake has been a center of grain traffic and of watermelon growing.

</doc>
<doc id="20537610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537610" title="St Kilda Wren">
St Kilda Wren

The St Kilda Wren ("Troglodytes troglodytes hirtensis") is a small passerine bird in the wren family. It is a distinctive subspecies of the Eurasian Wren endemic to the islands of the isolated St Kilda archipelago, in the Atlantic Ocean 64 km west of the Outer Hebrides, Scotland. Its Gaelic name is “Dreathan-donn”.
Description.
The St Kilda Wren is distinguished from the mainland form by its larger size and heavier barring, as well as its generally greyer and less rufous colouration. It differs from other Scottish island sub-species by its heavy barring, long and strong bill, and its greyer and paler plumage.
Status.
The St Kilda Wren is a fairly common breeding resident on St Kilda. The population was estimated at about 230 breeding pairs in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20537622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537622" title="Keith Skinner">
Keith Skinner

Keith Skinner (born 1949) is a British actor who worked in cinema and television.
His career began when he starred as Bruno in the 1966 film "Mademoiselle", and more notably perhaps in Franco Zeffirelli's 1968 film "Romeo and Juliet" as Balthasar, Romeo's manservant and trusted friend. He appears at various stages in the film including galloping on horseback to tell Romeo (played by Leonard Whiting) of Juliet's "death" and accompanies Romeo back to Verona again on horseback towards the end of the film.
Skinner starred in one episode of "The Jazz Age" in 1968, he played Harry Lampton in five episodes of the early seventies' TV series "Man at the Top", as well as appearing in three episodes of "Z-Cars" from 1969 to 1972. He went on to appear in an episode of "Play for Today", one episode of "Out of the Unknown" in 1971, in two episodes of "So it Goes" in 1973, in two episodes of "Beryl's Lot" (1973-1976) and then in 1976 in the film "The Slipper and the Rose: The Story of Cinderella".
In 1977, Skinner played the obsessed boy in the TV miniseries "Jesus of Nazareth ". In 1980, he starred in Frank Loesser's musical "Guys and Dolls". In 1985, Skinner appeared in an episode of "Doctor Who".
In 2001, Skinner worked on the film "From Hell" as an historical consultant.
In 2004, Skinner gave up acting and is now a crime historian.

</doc>
<doc id="20537656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537656" title="Ruth Lorenzo">
Ruth Lorenzo

Ruth Lorenzo Pascual, better known as Ruth Lorenzo (born in Murcia on the 10 November 1982) is a Spanish singer and composer, best known for coming fifth in the fifth series of the British TV talent show "The X Factor" in 2008. Artists such as Auryn and also Dannii Minogue have some of her songs in their respectives albums.
Her debut single "Burn" entered the Spanish Singles Charts and reached number 16 when she released the single on the 27th of June 2011. She released her first UK single "The Night" on 15 June 2013, featuring a club remix by Almighty. She will represent Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 with the song "Dancing in the Rain".
Early life.
Ruth Lorenzo was born on November 10, 1982 in Murcia, a south-eastern region of Spain. At a very young age she became a fan of the musical "Annie" and although she had no idea of what the words meant she would sing along to the songs in English. When she was six years old she discovered music by Montserrat Caballé, a Catalan opera singer, and after her mother bought her an album by Caballé, Lorenzo began to sing opera, imitating Caballé's vocals until she was pitch perfect. At the age of 12, Lorenzo's family moved to America and this was the first time she had the opportunity to be involved in music at school. After much encouragement from her teachers, Lorenzo was entered into competitions and played lead roles in musical productions such as "The Phantom of the Opera" and "My Fair Lady". When Lorenzo turned 16 the family returned to Spain and although having had singing lessons by this time, she had to cancel these lessons due to family financial difficulty and as a result Lorenzo gave up on her dream of becoming a recording artist. When Lorenzo was 19 she joined a rock band, which was a challenge for her as she had only sung opera music. In 2002, she auditioned for the second series of "Operación Triunfo", the Spanish version of "Star Academy", where she was rejected in the first rounds of auditions. The series was eventually won by Basque singer Ainhoa. She also made a big decision to quit her job in her family's business in order to pursue her dreams once again, but after three years of touring around Spain the group decided to split up. Ruth landed a contract at Polaris World where as well as performing, she worked as a PR consultant.
Career.
2008: "The X Factor".
In 2008, Lorenzo auditioned for the fifth series of "The X Factor" in front of judges Simon Cowell, Cheryl Cole and Louis Walsh. She sang "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman". She impressed the judges and made it through to the next stage of the show, "bootcamp". Lorenzo passed both stages of bootcamp and was sent to St. Tropez with the other successful contestants from the over-25s category. There she auditioned in front of Dannii Minogue who was her "X Factor" mentor. After an emotional performance of "True Colors", sung in Spanish, Minogue decided to pick Lorenzo for her final three who would proceed to the live shows. On the first live show she sang "Take My Breath Away" in English and Spanish. She had mainly good comments, especially from Cowell, who told her she should sing in Spanish more often. However, the next week Lorenzo sang "I Just Can't Stop Loving You" in English only, and ended up in the bottom two. She performed "Purple Rain" in the singoff, and it saved her into the next week. In Week 5, Lorenzo was in the bottom two again against one of the crowd favourites Laura White. This time she sang "Knockin' on Heaven's Door" and was saved by judges Minogue, Walsh and Cowell. Her performance was overshadowed by the uproar over White's departure. During Take That week, Lorenzo sang "Love Ain't Here Anymore". She received high praise for her performance, with Cowell saying it was sensational. By Week 8 Lorenzo was Minogue's last remaining act and she was eliminated after receiving the fewest public votes. Lorenzo bowed out with another performance of "Always". Former friend Alexandra Burke went on to win the show.
2009-10: After "The X Factor".
Lorenzo performed at gigs across the UK and Ireland in December 2008 and January 2009, and at the Spirit of Northern Ireland Awards on 20 January. In February and March 2009, she joined the "X Factor Live" tour with fellow finalists. She also was nominated for three awards at the Digital Spy Reality TV Awards. On April 30, 2009, Ruth Lorenzo performed at the Bubblegum Clubs 15th Anniversary Party at The Dandelion bar in Dublin. At the appearance she announced she had signed a record deal and that her album would be out at the end of the year. She also said that Simon Cowell was a bit devastated that she did not sign with him but she said he never offered and she dedicated a song to him. Aerosmith singer Steven Tyler has agreed to write with her, Slash and Carlos Santana has written a song which is said to be Lorenzo's debut single later in 2009. Ruth officially confirmed her record deal on May 6 with an interview with Xpose. Lorenzo performed at Hamilton Park Racecourse on July 11 alongside fellow X Factor Finalists Diana Vickers and JLS. She also performed at the Ashfield Show in Sutton-in-Ashfield, Nottinghamshire on the 8th of August. Lorenzo performed in a benefit concert at Polaris World in Murcia, Spain (her home town) where she used to work, with all proceeds going to Polaris World Projects in Africa on the 28th of August. On the 14th of November 2009, she performed at the Paisley Christmas Lights Switch On event held in Paisley Town Centre. Whilst she did not turn the lights on, she appeared at 3pm and performed several of her popular X-Factor songs, finishing with Purple Rain. In a short interview following it on stage with Clyde 1, she confirmed her first single and album will be out in March 2010. She did not confirm what the title would be, nor did she sing any songs from it live. Lorenzo was approached by Spanish TV Channel Cuatro and asked to write a song for their new fictional drama Valientes. She accepted and composed two songs for the show, one for the opening ('Quiero Ser Valiente') and one for the end credits ('Te Puedo Ver'). Ruth performed 'Quiero Ser Valiente' on Friday 22 January on Spanish talent show 'Fama a bailar' (which is also aired on Cuatro). Lorenzo performed at the nightingales club in Birmingham for the second time, first been after she was eliminated from the X Factor. In July 2010 it was revealed that Lorenzo has been writing songs for Dannii Minogue's comeback album revealed on Dannii's ITV2 show Style Queen. One of the songs she has written is called "Because You Are Beautiful". Lorenzo confirmed in a blog posting that she parted away from Virgin Records/EMI due to "creative differences" and that she would continue working on her album as an independent artist. 
2011-13: "The Rapsberry Pattern".
She signed up to website indiegogo.com where fans helped to fund her debut single. The funding was for airplay, the video shooting, marketing and PR services. The CD version included "Burn" and an acoustic version of the song. was released on June 27 in Spain and on the August 7 in the United Kingdom. 'The Raspberry Pattern' becomes the name of her band. Talking about her debut album she said: "I have been working with some extremely talented writers and producers on a collection of songs of which not only I am proud of, but which represents who I am as an artist, writer and performer. An album that is true to my character and that hopefully will stand the test of time". Lorenzo was booked for further more dates around the United Kingdom for summer and autumn 2011. Ruth released a free track download titled "The Night" for her Facebook fans in August 2012 and was officially released in June 2013 with a videoclip. On November 11 a lyric video for her single "Love is Dead" was uploaded to Ruth's YouTube channel. The single is released under the independent discography H&I Music on iTunes, Spotify, Play Store..., including the song "Pain" as a side B. At the end of 2013 Ruth signed with a new record company, Roster Music and released her new website.
2014-present: "Planeta Azul" and Eurovision Song Contest.
Her website announced March 1 as the date for the release of her new album. On 20 January TVE selected Ruth Lorenzo as one of the five candidates to represent Spain at the 2014 Eurovision Song Contest. Months earlier the "eurovision-spain.com" website made a survey known as "La Elección Interna" among eurofans and international juries from thirteen different countries to check who could be the ideal Spanish candidate to represent Spain. Ruth came second in the list among one hundred different Spanish candidates In February the song "Dancing in the Rain" was released as one of the Spanish pre-selection entries for the Eurovision Song Contest 2014. The song was released on February 18 and it became number one on iTunes Spain. She will represent Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 with the song "Dancing in the Rain" on 10 May after winning the national final called Mira quién va a Eurovisión on 22 February.

</doc>
<doc id="20537664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537664" title="Phyllodesmium briareum">
Phyllodesmium briareum

Phyllodesmium briareum is a species of sea slug, an aolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Facelinidae.
Distribution.
The distribution of "Phyllodesmium briareum" includes Indo-Pacific and Australia.
Description.
The length of the slug is 7-25 mm.
"Phyllodesmium briareum" uses camouflage and it looks like the soft coral "Briareum violacea".
This species contains zooxanthellae.
Ecology.
"Phyllodesmium briareum" feeds on Briareidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="20537673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537673" title="Mount Tabor Methodist Episcopal Church (Crownsville, Maryland)">
Mount Tabor Methodist Episcopal Church (Crownsville, Maryland)

Mt. Tabor Methodist Episcopal Church, also known as Mt. Tabor United Methodist Church, is an historic church located at 1421 St. Stephens Church Road, in Crownsville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. The wood frame building was constructed in 1893. It is rectangular in plan and features a bell tower projecting from the gable front. The bell tower was added between 1923 and 1929 by Henry and John Queen. Also on the property is the Mt. Tabor Good Samaritan Lodge No. 59.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20537681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537681" title="1924 Hobart Carnival">
1924 Hobart Carnival

The 1924 Hobart Carnival was the fifth edition of the Australian National Football Carnival, an Australian rules football interstate competition. It was the first carnival to be hosted by the Tasmanian city of Hobart and was won by the Victorian Football League team.
With the weaker footballing states in Queensland and New South Wales being grouped together with the likes of the VFL, there were many one sided affairs. Western Australia managed to kick no less than 43 goals in one match against the Queenslanders, 23 of them from full-forward Bonny Campbell.
In the end the Championship was decided by a match between the two strongest sides, the VFL and Western Australia. The game was played in front of 15,687 people at North Hobart Oval and Campbell again starred with seven goals but it wasn't enough to get Western Australia over the line. On the back of a seven goal haul from Lloyd Hagger, the Victorians won the encounter by eight points.

</doc>
<doc id="20537692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537692" title="3 Fools 4 April">
3 Fools 4 April

3 Fools 4 April is the first CD/DVD made by the actor Viggo Mortensen, released in 2006. The album was recorded at "Beyond Baroque Literary Arts Center" in Venice, California (like his two live albums "Live at Beyond Baroque" and "Live At Beyond Baroque II") on April Fools Day (April 1) of 2005.
The album features the reading of Viggo Mortensen, his son Henry Mortensen, and Scott Wannberg. Some of the readings come from poets like the Chilean Nobel prize winner Pablo Neruda, Chuang Tse, or even his ex-wife Exene Cervenka, while some of them are anonymous.

</doc>
<doc id="20537715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537715" title="Georgia Rain">
Georgia Rain

"Georgia Rain" is a song written by Ed Hill and Karyn Rochelle, and recorded by American country music artist Trisha Yearwood. It was released in April 2005 as the lead-off single for her album "Jasper County". The song, her first Top 40 country hit since "Inside Out" in 2001, reached number 15 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. Yearwood's husband, country artist Garth Brooks, provides background vocals for the song.
Yearwood debuted the single as a surprise performer at the 2005 CMT Music Awards, for which she received multiple standing ovations throughout her performance.
Content.
The song is a piano ballad, that features fiddle and steel guitar fills. The narrator, who remembers the times she spent with her love under the "Georgia rain", returns to the place of her childhood. She notes that although everything has changed over the years, but that one thing remains the same; her affection for her first love and the Georgia rain that still falls, reminding her of the experience.
It was originally titled "A Gust of Rain," but its lyrics were altered upon Yearwood's request to include references to Jasper County.
Music video.
A music video directed by Rocky Schenck was released for the song. In the video, Yearwood is seen walking down a dirt road, standing in open grass, and sitting on an old front porch. Throughout the video, rain is seen pouring down on the wildflowers. The video ends with Yearwood strolling away down the railroad tracks that crossed the old dirt road. The video was shot near Yearwood's hometown of Monticello, Georgia.
Chart performance.
"Georgia Rain" debuted at number 54 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week of April 30, 2005. After 24 weeks on the chart, it reached a peak of number 15 in December 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20537730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537730" title="Briareum violaceum">
Briareum violaceum

Briareum violaceum, commonly called star polyp, is a species of a soft coral in the family "Briareidae".

</doc>
<doc id="20537766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537766" title="Epiphany Chapel and Church House">
Epiphany Chapel and Church House

The Epiphany Chapel and Church House is a historic church at Odenton, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a one-story gable-roofed frame building constructed in 1918 and laid out in cruciform plan in the Arts and Crafts style. It is significant for its association with the mobilization of the United States military for World War I, since it was constructed adjacent to Camp Meade (now Fort George G. Meade), a major training camp for troops bound for the front. Its design was an early work of the prominent Baltimore architect Riggin T. Buckler (1883-1955).
The Epiphany Chapel and Church House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20537782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537782" title="List of operas by Flotow">
List of operas by Flotow

This is a list of the complete operas of the German opera composer Friedrich von Flotow (1812–1883).

</doc>
<doc id="20537802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537802" title="List of Premonstratensian monasteries in France">
List of Premonstratensian monasteries in France

This article is a list of Premonstratensian monasteries in France, that is to say, monasteries or nunneries belonging to the Premonstratensian Order of canons regular, following the Rule of St. Augustine. In the early days of the order its foundations were mostly double monasteries, viz., communities containing both canons and nuns. After a few decades however the joint houses were separated.
The dates given, unless otherwise indicated, are the dates when an establishment began and ended its Premontratensian career, which is not necessarily the same as its lifespan as a religious house.
Extant abbeys are indicated by bold characters. 
Dependent priories are not listed.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20537844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537844" title="Yoshihiko Yoshimatsu">
Yoshihiko Yoshimatsu


</doc>
<doc id="20537856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537856" title="HM Prison Littlehey">
HM Prison Littlehey

HM Prison Littlehey is a Category C men's prison, located in the village of Perry (near Huntingdon) in Cambridgeshire, England. Littlehey Prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
The site was originally known as Gaynes Hall Youth Custody Centre, and was used as a borstal for juvenile males from 1945 to 1983, when the establishment was closed and demolished. Littlehey was built in its place and opened as a Category C prison for adult males in 1988.
in April 2003 an inspection report from Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons criticised Littlehey Prison for not helping inmates integrate back into society. The report found that "prisoners needed more help with finding jobs and accommodation before their release", but noted positively that the staff had good relationships with the prisoners and were doing better managing the health care of prisoners.
The prison today.
Littlehey is a purpose-built category C prison for adult males. Accommodation at Littlehey comprisies of eight residential units, two of which are 'Ready to Use' units, one added in 1997 and the second in 2003. Most cells are single occupancy but there are some shared cells.
Littlehey Prison provides a range of work provision for inmates including accredited vocational training courses in forklift trucks, carpentry, joinery, motor mechanics, hospitality and PICTA (Cisco IT Essentials, M.O.S 2010("Microsoft"). Educational classes range from basic and key skills to degree level learning.
In January 2010, HMP Littlehey opened a large expansion to its current site to accommodate a population of up to 480 young offenders. This significant investment at the Littlehey site has allowed for the addition of four new accommodation blocks, an all-weather sports pitch and state of the art gymnasium, adult learning and kitchen buildings. The regime focuses upon providing young offenders with a portfolio of skills and qualifications to change their futures. Employability and functional skills are at the centre of the establishment's drive towards reducing re-offending.
There is also a Prison Visitor Centre which is operated by the Ormiston Children and Families Trust.
In January 2011 a disturbance at the prison left two prison officers injured. 

</doc>
<doc id="20537862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537862" title="St. Paul's Chapel (Crownsville, Maryland)">
St. Paul's Chapel (Crownsville, Maryland)

St. Paul's Chapel is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church at Crownsville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is a small board-and-batten frame church composed of a simple rectangular nave, a small entrance porch, a small deep chancel, and two very small utility sections added to the sides of the chancel. There is a small cemetery on the property dating from the 1860s. It may be an example of a church built by following plans of Richard Upjohn, the noted 19th-century American architect.
St, Paul's Chapel is now part of St. Paul's Anglican Church in the Anglican Province of America. Its current rector is the Right Rev. Robert Samuel Loiselle, Sr., who is also assistant bishop of the Anglican Province of America. In 2008, a new larger church building, designed to be compatible architecturally with the chapel was built next to it and the two were joined together.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20537873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537873" title="Peter Salmon (filmmaker)">
Peter Salmon (filmmaker)

Peter Salmon was born 9 February 1976 in Auckland, New Zealand. He is a New Zealand based film and television writer/director.
Salmon has directed many successful short films since graduating from film school in 1996.
Salmon's first 35 mm short film Playing Possum was made in association with Creative New Zealand in 1998. It screened in competition at Clermont Ferrand, Edinburgh Film Festival and Valladolid International Film Festival. It also screened at Telluride Film Festival, Rotterdam, New York Children's Festival, Mill Valley, Hof, Brisbane and L'etrange (where it won the Grand Prix and audience awards) to name but a few.
His next short film, a science fiction drama, Letters about the Weather, starring Sara Wiseman (winner of best performance in a short film (NZ film awards 2000 )). The film was made with funding from the New Zealand Film Commission in 1999. It screened in competition in Clermont Ferrand (where it received an Ecumenical Jury Special Mention ) and Puchon Fantastic in Korea. It also screened in Telluride Film Festival, Cannes Forum and San Tropez.
His short film Fog was made in 2007 with Maxim Films and the New Zealand Film Commission on location in Ngawi, New Zealand. It stars Chelsie Crayford Preston (winner of best performance in a short film (NZ film awards 2007)). 'Fog' premiered in Cannes Critics Week in 2007. It has since screened in Melbourne, New Zealand and Stockholm.
Salmon's latest short film The Box set in New York City premiered at the New Zealand Film Festival in 2010.
Alongside his film projects Salmon is a director and writer of television programmes, notably the internationally successful South Pacific Pictures teen drama series Being Eve. The show was a finalist in the International Emmy Awards 2002 (Children & Young People), Gold World Medal Winner (Teen Programmes) in the New York Festivals 2002, and received the 2002 TV Guide New Zealand Television Awards for Best Drama Series, Best Contribution Soundtrack and Best Contribution Design. Salmon has also directed five episodes for South Pacific Pictures drama series, Go Girls.
Salmon also directed the motion capture elements for Weta Workshop and Nelvana's successful animation series Jane and the Dragon. He went on to direct the multi award winning show Outrageous Fortune and wrote for the popular pre school animation series, "The Wot Wots".
Salmon directed three episodes for "Power Rangers RPM" and went on to direct "This is not my Life", a science fiction drama for TVNZ. He also directed episodes of "Power Rangers Samurai"
Filmography.
DIRECTOR/WRITER - FILM
DIRECTOR/WRITER - TELEVISION

</doc>
<doc id="20537903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537903" title="W. S. Kennedy Jones">
W. S. Kennedy Jones

Walter Selby Kennedy Jones (July 24, 1919 – June 5, 1978) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Queens in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1953 to 1971 as a Progressive Conservative member.
He was born in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, the son of Charles H. L. Jones and Elizabeth Kennedy, and was educated at King's College and Dalhousie University. In 1942, he married Anne Seaborne. He was named Speaker of the House of Assembly of Nova Scotia in 1957. He died in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20537908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537908" title="Banana plantation">
Banana plantation

A banana plantation is a commercial agricultural facility found in tropical climates where bananas are grown.
Geographic distribution of banana plantations.
Banana plants may grow with varying degrees of success in diverse climatic conditions, but commercial banana plantations are primarily found in equatorial regions, in banana exporting countries. The four leading banana export countries worldwide are Ecuador, Costa Rica, Philippines, and Colombia. Ecuador provides more than 33% of the global banana export. In 2004, banana producing countries totaled 130. Production, as well as exports and imports of bananas, are nonetheless concentrated in a few equatorial countries. 75% of total banana production in 2004 was generated in 10 counties. India, Ecuador, Brazil and China produced half of total bananas. Latin American and Caribbean countries lead banana production up to the 1980s, and Asian nations took the lead in banana production during the 1990s. African production levels have remained mostly unchanged.
Elements of a banana plantation.
Banana plantations, as well as growing the fruit, may also package, process, and ship their product directly from the plantation to worldwide markets. Depending on the scope of the operation, a plantation's size may vary from a small family farm operation to a corporate facility encompassing large tracts of land, multiple physical plants, and many employees.
Production-related activities on a plantation may include cultivating and harvesting the fruit, transporting the picked bunches to a packing shed, hanging to ripen in large bunches, dividing large bunches into smaller market-friendly bunches, sorting, labeling, washing, drying, packing, boxing, storing, refrigeration, shipping, and marketing. Depending on the scope of the operation, other activities may include drying, food preparation, tourism, and market research.
Soil.
"Bananas will grow and fruit under poor soil conditions but will be less productive without deep, well-drained soil; forest loam, rocky sand, marl, red laterite, volcanic ash, sandy clay, or even heavy clay. The key element in soil type for successful banana plant growth is good drainage. Alluvial soils of river valleys are ideal for banana growing. Bananas prefer an acid soil.
Physical plant.
Physical plants on banana plantations, aside from growing fields, may include facilities or machinery for plant propagation, cultivation, labor housing, fertilization and pest mitigation, harvesting assists such as tractors or overhead cable systems, washing tanks, storage buildings, boxing or bagging, shipping docks, offices, public relations/tourism, and general maintenance.
Cultivation techniques specific to the type of banana produced may dictate the specific physical plant makeup. Much of banana cultivation since the mid-1950s has centered around a single monoculture: The Cavendish banana. The ravages of Panama Disease in that particular cultivar may cause a shift in variety selection, subsequently causing a major change in the physical plant structure of banana plantations.
Economy.
Banana growing is a significant economic engine in many banana exporting countries because it is labor-intensive, delivers a relatively quick return on effort and investment, provides a weekly income year round, and the crop recovers quickly from hurricanes and other natural disasters. Banana industry exports worldwide total over 100 million tons in a market which generates over US$5 Billion per year and employs millions of workers.
Farming techniques on banana plantations.
Banana plantations generally follow one of four major agricultural techniques: Intensive farming, sustainable farming, organic farming, and fair trade farming.
Intensive banana farming.
Intensive Banana Farming is an agricultural technique which requires clearing most if not all native vegetation from tracts of land, then densely planting and fertilizing the crop. It produces the highest yield of fruit per acre, and is viewed by environmental scientists as a technique which involves a history of high risk for damage to the local environment and health risk to the agricultural workers.
Sustainable banana farming.
As with broader sustainable agriculture, sustainable banana production aims to integrate three main goals: environmental stewardship, farm profitability, and prosperous farming communities. Producing goods without depleting an ecosystem's natural resources is a key goal of sustainable banana farming. The further goals of farm profitability and prosperous farming communities address free market viability issues which might threaten the viability of the business, rendering the ecological sustainability efforts moot. Because of the lower per-acre crop yield and higher wage cost intrinsic to this type of farming, profitability is addressed by the introduction of a price premium charged for the product at market. Such premiums are readily paid by a segment of the consumer market which places a value on the benefits of sustainable farming.
Organic banana farming.
According to the United Nations, "no information is available regarding how many hectares are currently under conversion or how many producers are planning to convert to organic production methods." However major banana producers indicate they are responding to demands for organic bananas with new facilities tailored to that market.
Fair Trade banana farming.
Some consumers are willing to pay a premium price for a product, including bananas, if the means of production are consistent with the philosophies of Fair Trade. The United Nations has published a description of fair trade banana production which states, "for banana producers this means they obtain a price which covers the cost of production and an additional price premium to be invested in social, environmental or quality improvements."
Social aspects of banana plantations.
Early benefits in tribal/clanship culture.
Certain aboriginal clanships benefited from early development of intensive banana cultivation by expanding previously territorial land views into concepts of cooperative inter-clan trading relationships.
Labor conditions.
Labor conditions in the banana industry have historically drawn attention both in criticism of the traditionally poor industry working conditions, and more recently in attempts by labor advocacy groups and some producers to improve labor conditions.
Workers on banana plantations in Central America have been exposed to pesticides which have been found to cause various health conditions including sterility. Banana industry advocates maintain that exposure levels were too low to produce health issues, but juries in the United States found Dole Food Company guilty of specific cases of worker sterility related to pesticide exposure in the late 1970s. One successful lawsuit presented evidence that Dole continued to use the pesticide DBCP on banana plantations in Nicaragua after the agent was found by the manufacturer to cause health problems and was banned in California in 1977. The jury found the chemical manufacturer, Dow Chemical, 20% liable and Dole 80% liable because Dow had warned Dole of the dangers of aerial spraying in the presence of workers, yet evidence presented in court indicated Dole continued using the agent in close proximity to workers on its Nicaraguan banana plantations. Financial liability in the case was later stricken because of international jurisdiction issues, however the finding of culpability by the jury was left intact.
Child labor on banana plantations has also historically been a heated labor issue Labor unions, UNICEF, and others have resisted the use of child labor as young as 8 on banana plantations, and have won concessions in some countries such as Ecuador, which instituted a minimum worker age of 15 years. In Sub-Saharan Africa, banana plantations have had a tradition of utilizing child labor that dates to the 19th century and thrives in modern times.

</doc>
<doc id="20537918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537918" title="Detroit Naval Armory">
Detroit Naval Armory

The Detroit Naval Armory is a located at 7600 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It is also known as the R. Thornton Brodhead Armory. The armory was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1980 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
History.
In the 1880s, several states formed "naval militias," the forerunners of present-day Navy and Marine Corps Reserve units. Michigan formed a naval militia in 1893; the militia quickly became a popular pastime for wealthy Detroiters. Even so, the militia fought in both the Spanish-American War and World War I. By 1929, over 600 men were part of the militia, and it had outgrown its existing headquarters. Captain Richard Thorton Brodhead convinced the Michigan state legislature to construct a new building. The state of Michigan and the city of Detroit pooled $375,000 to build a new armory on Jefferson near the foot of the Belle Isle bridge.
The new armory opened in 1930, and was used as both a training facility and civic event site. The indoor drill floor was used for dances, USO mixers, auto shows, and political and sporting events. In 1932, future heavyweight champion Joe Louis fought his first career bout. With the onset of the Great Depression, the Works Progress Administration funded numerous artistic additions to the armory, including three murals, plaster carvings, and extensive wood carvings; this collection of WPA art is the largest collection of federally funded Depression-era artwork of any building in the state. During World War II, the armory was used as a barracks and schoolhouse for Navy diesel and electrical schools. After the war ended, it was again used as a training center for reservists.
The armory was eventually renamed the R. Thornton Brodhead Armory in memory of its first Naval leader. The armory was home to Marines and Sailors of Headquarters and Service Company, 1st Battalion, 24th Marines until 2004. As of 2008, plans were to refurbish the armory to include bowling, fitness and youth boxing club facilities.
Description.
The Detroit Naval Armory is a limestone structure with four main sections: a vestibule, a drill hall, an office / penthouse section, and a company drill hall. The building mixes Art Moderne and Art Deco influences, and contains a large array of Depression-era WPA art by artists such as John Tabaczuk, Edgar Yaeger, David Fredenthal, and Gustave Hildebrand, all with nautical themes. The building faces East Jefferson; the entrance is heavily decorated in military and naval themes using Pewabic tiles. In front of the building is a semi-circular drive encircling a flagpole erected in 1943 and a large Navy anchor from the USS Yantic, a Civil War gunboat whose hull is buried in a filled-in boat slip in Gabriel Richard Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20537922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537922" title="Madlyn L. Hanes">
Madlyn L. Hanes

Dr. Madlyn L. Hanes is an American academic, and the former Chancellor of Penn State Harrisburg. Hanes graduated with her Bachelors degree in English education from the University of Florida in 1969. She received her Masters degree in speech-language pathology and her Doctorate in curriculum and instruction from the University of Florida. Dr. Hanes previously served at chief academic officer of both Penn State Great Valley and Penn State Brandywine.

</doc>
<doc id="20537924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537924" title="Chevron Engineering Ltd">
Chevron Engineering Ltd

Chevron Engineering Specialties Ltd is a New Zealand based kit-car and race-car manufacturer owned by Dan, Evan, and Barbara Fray and founded in 1980. It is based in Massey, Auckland. The most numerous Chevron model is the "Classic", which is based on the same design concepts as the Lotus Seven. Chevron's first Classic was built in 1984 and was developed further since that time. There were at least two constructed with Leyland P76 v8's.
In the 1990s Chevron also built a race-car based on the Mazda RX-7 drivetrain called the "Aprisa" which was raced successfully on the New Zealand sports car circuit. In 2010 Chevron was developing a new road/race car, the "Cypher" which had a carbon fibre-kevlar composite chassis and a fuel-injected lightweight 4.4litre V8 multi-valve engine.

</doc>
<doc id="20537928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537928" title="Mardela Middle and High School">
Mardela Middle and High School

Mardela Middle and High School (MMHS) is a seven-year public middle school / high school in Mardela Springs, Wicomico County, Maryland, United States. It is one of four public high schools in Wicomico County along with James Bennett High School, Wicomico High School and Parkside High School.
Overview.
The school is located on the Eastern Shore of Maryland in the town of Mardela Springs in Wicomico County. The school is on Maryland Route 54, east of Maryland Route 313 and just north of U.S. 50. Mardela Springs is between the Eastern Shore towns of Vienna and Hebron.
The current school building was constructed between the years of 1978 and 1980, on the same site as the previous school which was built in 1937. The current building has of space and is located on of land.
Students.
Mardela's high graduation rate has been fairly steady over the past 12 years. In 2007 the school graduated 90.48%, up from 77.88% in 2002.
The school population has been steadily increasing. In 2007 the school was near its 12-year high enrollment with 704 students, two less than were enrolled in 2006. The school has nearly 70% more students than in 1993.
Sports.
State Champions
State Finalist
State Semi-Finalist

</doc>
<doc id="20537952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537952" title="Germans in Jamaica">
Germans in Jamaica

A German population in Jamaica (including Poles due to Partitions of Poland) was established in the 1830s when the abolition of slavery resulted in a labour shortage on the Caribbean island. Lord Seaford, who owned the Montpelier Estate and Shettlewood Pen in St. James established a European settlement in Westmoreland in order to combat the shortage, and over one thousand Germans migrated to Jamaica.
The German language is no longer used on the island, but some German words have entered the Jamaican vernacular. Many Jamaicans in Seaford Town and German Town in Trelawny carry heavy European features such as blue eyes, blond hair, freckles, and white skin, as a result of the German genetic influences.

</doc>
<doc id="20537965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537965" title="Kyung Lah">
Kyung Lah

Kyung I. Lah () (born August 27, 1971) is a correspondent for CNN.
Early life and education.
Born in Seoul, South Korea, and raised in Streamwood, Illinois, Lah graduated in 1989 from Hoffman Estates High School in Hoffman Estates, Illinois. She earned a bachelor's degree in broadcast journalism from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1993. She also was a writer for the school's Daily Illini newspaper.
Professional career.
Lah began her career in 1993 as a desk assistant and field producer at WBBM-TV in Chicago. In 1994, she became an on-air reporter for WWMT-TV in Kalamazoo, Michigan. In 1995, she joined KGTV-TV in San Diego as a reporter.
In January 2000, she took a job at WBBM-TV in Chicago as an on-air reporter.
In early 2003, Lah moved to Los Angeles to take a job at KNBC-TV in Los Angeles, where she was a morning reporter and a midday anchor. The Chicago Sun-Times reported at the time that Lah had turned down a "half-hearted (contract) renewal offer" from WBBM-TV.
Recent work.
In late 2005, Lah joined CNN Newsource as a Washington, D.C.-based correspondent.
In November 2007, Lah became CNN's Tokyo-based correspondent. A Japanese interpreter always accompanied her.
She had written extensively about Japanese subculture, specializing in men who have married animated characters and video games that simulate rape. She has been criticized by the Japanese blogosphere for focusing on the weird outliers of Japan, rather than the hard-hitting news that was expected from her as a reporter for an international broadcasting company.
On June 27, 2012, Lah left her post in Japan for a position at the CNN bureau in Los Angeles.
Personal life.
Lah has declared that she holds a very strong Korean identity. In an interview with Dynamic-Korea, she revealed that she "" about the larger question of being Korean every single moment."" 
In late September 2011, she went on maternity leave. She returned on December 26.

</doc>
<doc id="20537967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537967" title="Rising Sun Inn">
Rising Sun Inn

The Rising Sun Inn is a historic home in Crownsville, Maryland|Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a mid- and late-18th-century, -story frame house. The earlier section dates to about 1753 and is covered with a gable roof and features a brick gable end. In the late 18th century, a frame, one-room gambrel roof wing was added to the northwest gable end of the house. Since 1916, it has been used as the headquarters of the Anne Arundel Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution.
The Rising Sun Inn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20537970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537970" title="Durant da Ponte">
Durant da Ponte

Durant da Ponte (7 July 1918 - 1964) was a professor of American literature at the University of Tennessee. He was one of the founders of the Kentucky-Tennessee American Studies Association. Graduate students there can receive the Durant da Ponte American Literature Fellowship, which was founded in his memory.
Life.
Durant da Ponte was born on July 7, 1918 in New Orleans, Louisiana to Harry Graham da Ponte II and Julia Pratt. He was a direct descendant of opera librettist Lorenzo da Ponte. He was the oldest of three children, having a younger sister Lyndall, and a younger brother, Harry Graham da Ponte III. He married Martha Lee Osborne, a former professor of Philosophy at the University of Tennessee, and had two children, David and Graham. He died in a plane crash in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20537971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537971" title="Jack Ziebell">
Jack Ziebell

Jack Ziebell (born 28 February 1991) is an Australian rules footballer for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League. He was selected 9th overall in the 2008 AFL Draft by North Melbourne.
Early career.
Ziebell played for the Murray Bushrangers alongside fellow draftee Steele Sidebottom, and was an important part of the Bushrangers premiership win in 2008, averaging 18 possessions, two goals and six marks a match. Ziebell represented Vic Country at the 2008 NAB AFL Under 18 Championships and gained All-Australian Honours after averaging 17 disposals per match. 
Ziebell is originally from Wodonga, Victoria, and attended Caulfield Grammar School as a boarding student where he dominated school football.
North Melbourne.
Ziebell made his debut in 2009, his first season at the club, and had an instant impact. He produced consistently impressive performances over the first two months and was rewarded with the Round 7 NAB Rising Star nomination for his 23 disposal and 1 goal game against Port Adelaide. North Melbourne coach, Dean Laidley, singled him out in the post-match press conference and declared him a "leader" and a "superstar the making". Ziebell was regarded as one of the favourites for the 2009 NAB Rising Star award at the time which is awarded to the best rookie at the end of the season.
However, Ziebell suffered from minor injuries for the next few weeks and his contributions were restricted. His season took an unfortunate turn when he broke his leg against the Adelaide Crows in round 12. He missed the remainder of the 2009 season, after playing just 10 games. However, due to the injury restricting him from playing, Ziebell has retained eligibility for the Rising Star award in 2010, again making him one of the early favourites.
Late in the 2011 season, Ziebell was suspended for three matches for rough conduct on captain Nick Riewoldt. This hit was however featured on the AFL's official advertising campaign for the 2012 AFL season.

</doc>
<doc id="20537980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537980" title="Joseph Benavidez">
Joseph Benavidez

Joseph Rolando Benavidez (born July 31, 1984) is an American mixed martial artist. After fighting in smaller shows while working as a screen printer in Las Cruces, New Mexico, he joined up with Urijah Faber's Team Alpha Male in 2007. He has since fought in Dream and more recently the World Extreme Cagefighting promotion. He currently fights as a flyweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship. His fighting style has drawn comparisons to training partner and former WEC Featherweight Champion Urijah Faber. As of January 17, 2014, he is #2 in official UFC flyweight rankings and ranked the #2 flyweight in the world by Sherdog. On April 27, 2010, the Mayor and City Council of the City of Las Cruces proclaimed April 27 as Joseph Benavidez Day in Las Cruces.
Early life.
Benavidez attended Las Cruces High School where he played varsity football, winning two State Championships, and wrestled varsity for 4 years. In 2000 Benavidez became the State Wrestling Champion of New Mexico at 103 lbs during his sophomore year. Benavidez also wrestled one year at William Penn University in Iowa before moving back to Las Cruces, New Mexico.
Mixed martial arts career.
Team Alpha Male.
Before joining up with Urijah Faber, Benavidez fought in smaller shows and trained while working as a screen printer in New Mexico. Hoping to eventually make a living fighting MMA, he sought out Faber on a trip to California in January 2007. Unable to find Faber's gym, he visited one in Roseville hoping to locate him. There his fighting ability impressed the members and instructors enough (or, in Faber's words: "" basically beat the crap out of everyone"") to refer him to Faber. This was only hours before Benavidez' flight home was due and he had to leave for the airport, unable to meet up with him.
His flight was then canceled, giving him the chance to meet up with Faber as he had hoped. Benavidez impressed Faber enough to offer him a job at the front desk of his gym, enabling him to leave New Mexico to come train with him and his team. Benavidez then went back to New Mexico, ""jammed everything into his car"" and moved to California. After fighting with smaller US-based promotions, Benavidez was offered a fight with Norifumi Yamamoto by Japanese MMA-promoter Dream in July 2008 at "Dream 5". The bout was canceled only days before the fight, and Benavidez was instead matched against Junya Kodo whom he defeated by guillotine choke submission.
World Extreme Cagefighting.
Benavidez was then signed by US-based World Extreme Cagefighting. On December 3, 2008, he fought Danny Martinez at "WEC 37" and won by unanimous decision.
He defeated Jeff Curran by unanimous decision at "WEC 40" on April 5, 2009. Benavidez dominated Curran from the opening bell with superior grappling and striking, knocking the opponent down in the first round. Curran unsuccessfully attempted an armbar in the second round and a triangle choke in the third round. Joseph fought Dominick Cruz at WEC 42 and lost by unanimous decision.
Benavidez fought Brazilian jiu-jitsu ace Rani Yahya on December 19, 2009 at WEC 45. Benavidez won via first round TKO.
Benavidez defeated former WEC Bantaweight Champion Miguel Torres on March 6, 2010 at WEC 47. He dominated the former Bantamweight Champion before opening a huge cut on Torres' forehead and submitting the bloodied Torres via guillotine choke.
Bantamweight title shot and beyond.
Benavidez fought Dominick Cruz in a rematch for the WEC Bantamweight Championship on August 18, 2010 at WEC 50. Benavidez lost to Cruz for a second time via split decision.
Benavidez faced Wagnney Fabiano on November 11, 2010, replacing an injured Brian Bowles. Benavidez defeated Fabiano via second round submission. After an uneventful first round of striking between the two, Benavidez stung Fabiano with a left and pounced, submitting the 3rd degree black belt with a guillotine choke at 2:45 of the second round.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
On October 28, 2010, World Extreme Cagefighting merged with the Ultimate Fighting Championship. As part of the merger, all WEC fighters were transferred to the UFC.
In his UFC debut, Benavidez faced Ian Loveland on March 19, 2011 at UFC 128. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Benavidez next fought Eddie Wineland on August 14, 2011 at UFC on Versus 5. Benavidez defeated Wineland by unanimous decision (30-27, 30-27, 30-27).
At the UFC 140 post-fight press conference, Dana White announced that Benavidez would be a participant in a four man tournament to crown the new newly created UFC Flyweight (MMA) Championship. Benavidez faced Yasuhiro Urushitani on March 3, 2012 at UFC on FX 2 and won via TKO in the second round, earning "Knockout of the Night" honors for his performance. 
Benavidez faced Demetrious Johnson on September 22, 2012 at UFC 152 for the inaugural UFC Flyweight Championship. In an incredibly closely contested fight that contained nonstop action at a frenetic pace, he lost the fight in via split decision (48-47, 47-48, 49-46).
Benavidez faced Ian McCall on February 2, 2013 at UFC 156. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Benavidez then faced Darren Uyenoyama on April 20, 2013 at UFC on Fox 7. He won the fight via TKO in the second round.
Benavidez faced Jussier Formiga on September 4, 2013 at UFC Fight Night 28. He won the fight by TKO in round 1 after rocking Formiga with two punches and a knee.
A rematch with Demetrious Johnson was expected for November 30, 2013 at . However the bout was shifted to December 14, 2013 at UFC on Fox 9 after that event's headliner was postponed due to injury. Benavidez lost via devastating knockout in the first round, the first time he has been stopped in his MMA career.
Benavidez is expected to face Tim Elliott at UFC 172.

</doc>
<doc id="20537996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20537996" title="Jarrad Rogers">
Jarrad Rogers

Jarrad Rogers is an Australian/British songwriter and record producer. He is based in London and travels frequently to the USA. He writes music primarily in the genres of pop, hip hop, and dance. Jarrad has worked with many notable artists including Demi Lovato, Lana Del Rey, Lauren Hill, Tinie Tempah, Devlin, Rebecca Ferguson, Rita Ora, Icona Pop, JLS, Mark Ronson, Groove Armada, Avicii, Tinchy Stryder, Alex Clare, Pixie Lott, Ella Eyre, Annie Lennox, The Saturdays, Charli XCX, Foxes, Boyzone, Delta Goodrem and Daniel Merriweather. He is managed by Advanced Alternative Media.
Australia.
Early career.
Jarrad began playing trumpet and classical piano at an early age. Studying piano under renowned concert pianist, Alexander Sumetski, he progressed to the Australian Music Education Board's highest grade. At 13, he formed a band with his brother and together they won studio time through a local band competition which sparked his interest in music production. He completed a double degree with Honours in Business Management and Civil Engineering at RMIT University in Melbourne and then worked as a consultant for Accenture but he spent all his spare time pursuing music.
2001-2003.
From 2001, Jarrad worked as the in-house producer at a newly formed independent record label in Melbourne and developed the direction and sound of artists Daniel Merriweather and Phrase (rapper). 
He co-wrote the singles ‘Predictable’ and ‘Not Me, Not I’ with Delta Goodrem and Kara DioGuardi for 15 x platinum selling Australian artist Delta Goodrem's debut album 'Innocent Eyes'. Innocent Eyes was the highest-selling album in Australia of the decade. 'Not me, Not I' peaked at number-one in the Australian charts, breaking Kylie Minogue's record of having the most songs released from an album to reach number-one. 'Predictable' also reached number-one and remained in the top ten for eight weeks. 
2004-2006.
Jarrad resigned from the record label and went on to write and produce songs for Australian Idol winner Guy Sebastian. In 2006, Jarrad won a prestigious APRA award by the Australian Performing Rights Association in the category of 'Most Performed Urban Work' for ‘Oh Oh’, a single which Jarrad produced and co-wrote with Guy Sebastian ). He also wrote with Ricki-Lee Coulter the song (‘Sunshine’, #8) and Jimmy Barnes ('Say It Ain’t So' which appears on AUS #1 selling album 'Double Happiness').
In 2005, he signed a publishing deal with Mushroom Music and relocated to London.
London.
2006-2010.
In 2006, Jarrad's side-project, SugaRush signed a recording contract with Sony label RCA. The band’s eponymous debut album was released in 2008 to critical acclaim. Their singles ‘L-O-V-E’ and ‘They Said I Said’ both featured on 'Grey's Anatomy'.) In February 2008, the band appeared on UK music TV show Later... with Jools Holland, and the band’s 2009 release ‘Love Breed’ featured on US TV drama 'Private Practise'. 
On a songwriting trip to LA in 2006, Jarrad had the opportunity to work with and produce songs (unreleased) for Lauren Hill who was in the process of writing new material.
Jarrad also co-wrote ‘Smilin’ with Bryn Christopher ) and The Quest , and also featured in series 4 of Grey’s Anatomy).
Jarrad produced Official Remixes for Mark Ronson single 'Valarie featuring Amy Winehouse, and Groove Armada's single 'Song 4 Mutya (Out Of Control)'.
Jarrad produced and co-wrote ‘Love You Anyway’ for Boyzone, which entered the UK singes charts at #5 and peaked in the Irish singles charts at #3
In October 2008, Jarrad produced a song for Annie Lennox, (‘Pattern of My Life’).
2010 also saw Jarrad write with artist Alex Clare. Two songs from these sessions, 'Treading Water' (co-written with Eg White) and 'Sanctuary' were chosen to feature on Clare's debut album on Island Records which was released on 8 July 2011. The Lateness Of The Hour. The album peaked at number 17 on the UK Albums Chart, number 8 on the German Albums Chart and number 48 on the US Billboard 200. 'Treading Water' was released as a single.
2011-2012.
Jarrad wrote with Lana Del Rey in 2011. Together they wrote "Live or Die" (unreleased). In 2011, Jarrad also produced and co-wrote (with Bryn Christopher) the song "Do What You Want With Me" from The Saturdays’ 2011 album "On Your Radar".
He also worked with UK rap artist Tinchy Stryder and wrote "Bright Lights", which entered the UK Singles Chart at number seven and featured Pixie Lott as a guest vocalist. Pixie released her own version of the song on her album "Young Foolish Happy" titled "Bright Lights (Good Life) Part II", which Jarrad also produced.
Between November 2011 and February 2012, Jarrad co-wrote and produced the debut album from X Factor finalist Aiden Grimshaw, titled "Misty Eye". The album was released to critical acclaim and entered the UK Albums Chart at #19 on 26 August 2012.
Dance producer Avicii released a version of Jarrad’s song "Last Dance", co-written with Karen Poole. The track was premiered on Pete Tong’s show on BBC Radio 1 on March 23, 2012.
Jarrad co-wrote "Give Me Life" which was released by English boy band JLS on their fourth studio album, "Evolution". The album was released on November 5, 2012 through RCA Records and debuted at number 3 in the UK.
2013 & 2014.
In early 2013, Jarrad co-wrote "Lost Boys" (yet to be released) with Roy Stryde and Australian Band, 5 Seconds of Summer which was performed by the band while they were supporting One Direction on their world tour. "Ghost Ship", co-written by Jarrad, Devlin and Alex Clare was released on "A Moving Picture", the second studio album by English rapper Devlin. The album was released on 4 February 2013 and peaked at number 19 on the UK charts.
In May, "Fire Starter", a song Jarrad co-wrote with Lindy Robbins and Julia Michaels, was released on the fourth studio album by Demi Lovato, on Hollywood Records. The album debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 110,000 copies, becoming her best-selling debut week of her career. "Fire Starter" was chosen by E! to feature on their promotion for the 8th season of Keeping Up With The Kardashians.
Icona Pop released "In the Stars", a song co-written and produced by Jarrad which appears on their full-length album, "This Is... Icona Pop". "In the Stars" was also released in association with Samsung’s Galaxy series, using a 'Galaxy mix’ of the original. 
In December 2013, Rebecca Ferguson released her second album "Freedom" which includes five songs co-written and produced by Jarrad. The album debuted at number 6 and the single "I Hope" debuted at number 15 on the UK charts. The Album achieved a silver certification from the BPI after just 3 weeks since its release date followed by a Gold certification on 27 December 2013.
Jarrad has upcoming releases for 5 Seconds of Summer, Josh Kumra, Neon Jungle, Beatrice Miller, Camilla and Rebecca Rosso, Rita Ora and the Grammy award winner Foxes. Jarrad has also been collaborating with Charli XCX, for other artists and for her album. He has been working with Mad Decent signee LIZ , and also on Ella Eyre's album.
Discography.
Key:
p = Producer
w = Writer

</doc>
<doc id="20538004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538004" title="John Smith MacIvor">
John Smith MacIvor

John Smith MacIvor (March 27, 1913 – June 12, 1957) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cape Breton South in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1945 to 1956 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Glace Bay, Nova Scotia, the son of Malcolm MacIvor and Catherine Smith. He was educated at Acadia University and Dalhousie University. MacIvor practiced law in Sydney and served as provincial magistrate from 1942 to 1945. He was chosen as speaker for the provincial assembly in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="20538081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538081" title="Somewhere Before">
Somewhere Before

Somewhere Before is a live album by pianist Keith Jarrett recorded on August 30 & 31, 1968 at Shelly's Manne-Hole in Hollywood, California. It features a live performance by Keith Jarrett, Charlie Haden and Paul Motian.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 4 stars stating "As an example of early, unfocused Jarrett, this is fascinating material.".

</doc>
<doc id="20538096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538096" title="Theatre Arlington">
Theatre Arlington

Theatre Arlington is a theatre in Arlington, Texas. It was established in 1973 with the goal of providing the city with a professional live theater. The once small theatre has since become a large 199 seat building providing entertainment and education. As one of the largest community theatres in the nation, Theatre Arlington offers quality entertainment to the North Texas area featuring a semi-professional cast and stellar designers and staff.
The Beginning of a Theatre.
Productions were performed at different locations within Arlington, until finally in 1981 an older church on Division Street was bought and was remodeled. For the first time, the theater had a permanent home that seated 134 audience members. The theater grew and grew, and the board of directors began planning to expand.
The Sell of Division Street.
1990 began for Theatre Arlington with the sale of the Division Street Theater.
Theatre Arlington then moved on from its old establishment to its new beginning on Main Street in the center of downtown in 1991. On New Year’s Eve 1991, the new theater which had 199-seats opened with a successful play named "Pump Boys and Dinettes". The theater operated for the next three years.
Two Renovations.
A second phase of renovation, then added: 
1. A better lobby.
2. 199-seat theater. 
3. A Box office, 
4. Dressing rooms and prop rooms. And even more
In August 2000, Theatre Arlington was donated a building, across the street from it, to use for the expansion of their educational programs. The Theatre Arlington Education Center houses the theatre’s administrative offices, rehearsal hall and downstairs box office. 
A third renovation installment was completed in 2004.
Timeline.
1973: Arlington Community Theatre is established.
1981: Division Street location is purchased.
1991: Theatre Arlington moves to Main Street.
1999: Theatre Arlington wins the Best of Tarrant Award.
2007-08: Celebrated 35th Anniversary Season.

</doc>
<doc id="20538097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538097" title="Slovart Music">
Slovart Music

Slovart Music is an independent publisher of classical music in Slovakia. According to the company's website, it is "the oldest and largest independent music publishing house" in its country. 

</doc>
<doc id="20538139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538139" title="Electoral history of Daniel Inouye">
Electoral history of Daniel Inouye

This is a list of results for elections in which Daniel Inouye, a Democrat. He was elected Hawaii's first U.S. Representative in 1959, and was first elected to the U.S. Senate in 1962. He served until his death in 2012. Inouye is the 2nd longest-serving senator in history.
U.S. House elections.
Hawaii At-large congressional district, 1959 (Democratic primary):
Hawaii At-large congressional district, 1959:
Hawaii At-large congressional district, 1960:
U.S. Senate elections.
United States Senate election in Hawaii, 1962:
United States Senate election in Hawaii, 1968:
United States Senate election in Hawaii, 1974:
United States Senate election in Hawaii, 1980:
United States Senate election in Hawaii, 1986:
United States Senate election in Hawaii, 1992:
Democratic primary for the United States Senate from Hawaii, 1998:
United States Senate election in Hawaii, 1998:
Democratic primary for the United States Senate from Hawaii, 2004:
United States Senate election in Hawaii, 2004:
Presidential elections.
1972 Democratic National Convention (Vice Presidential tally):

</doc>
<doc id="20538156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538156" title="Electoral district of Westbury">
Electoral district of Westbury

The Electoral district of Westbury was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Westbury near Tasmania's second city of Launceston.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909. By far its longest-serving member was Thomas Reibey, who served as Premier of Tasmania from 20 July 1876 until 9 August 1877 and Speaker of the House from 12 July 1887 to 30 April 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="20538157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538157" title="All Saints (season 12)">
All Saints (season 12)

The twelfth and final season of the long-running Australian medical drama All Saints: Medical Response Unit began airing on 3 February 2009 with the final episode airing 27 October 2009. The season concluded after 37 episodes.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20538184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538184" title="Privacy protocol">
Privacy protocol

Privacy protocols are guildlines intended to allow computation while still protecting the individuals involved. It can be developed from just two individuals trying to discover if they both know the same secret, without leaking information about the secret itself. In this case, after the protocol runs, both individuals will either know that they share the secret, or know that they do not share it; they will have gained no additional information about the other's secret.
Examples of privacy protocols.
For example, say the secret is a name of a person. One protocol is to use a random phone number, such as 555-111-2222, then replace the last n digits of the phone number with the secret such as 555-111-JOHN. Then the first person calls the number and leaves a message with the person on the other end for the second person. Next the second person calls the number of their secret and asks if there are any messages for him. One issue with this protocol is that the phone number created might not exist.
Another protocol without this issue is to designate an airline, destination and date, and have the first person make a reservation using the name of their secret, then the second person goes and cancels the reservation using the name of their secret. If the second person is not successful, then they don't share the secret.
A simple protocol that does not rely on a human third party involves password changing. This works anywhere one has to type in new passwords the same twice before the password is changed. The first individual will type their secret in the first box, and the second person will type their secret in the second box, if the password is successfully changed then the secret is shared. However the computer is still a third party and must be trusted not to have a key logger.
A more involved protocol that does not involve any reliance on a third party, human or machine, involves "n" cups, each with a label of the name of a person that could be the secret. Each individual will then place a slip of paper under each cup, one slip of paper will say 'yes' on it and will go under the cup with the name of the secret on it, all the other slips will say 'no'. Then the labels will be removed, the cups shuffled, then flipped over to reveal the slips of paper. If there is a cup with both slips of paper saying 'yes' on them then they share the secret.
There are many other protocols that involve two individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="20538223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538223" title="Bahá'í Faith in Dominica">
Bahá'í Faith in Dominica

The Bahá'í Faith in Dominica begins with a mention by `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the religion, in 1916 as Latin America being among the places Bahá'ís should take the religion to. The island of Dominica was specifically listed as an objective for plans on spreading the religion in 1939 by Shoghi Effendi, who succeeded `Abdu'l-Baha as head of the religion. In 1983, William Nedden is credited with being the first pioneer to Dominica at the festivities associated with the inaugural election of the Dominican Bahá'ís National Spiritual Assembly with Hand of the Cause, Dhikru'llah Khadem representing the Universal House of Justice. Later research records Ivor Ellard arrived two days before, April 17, 1966. The first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly of Dominica was elected in 1976. Since then, Bahá'ís have participated in several projects for the benefit of the wider community, and in 2001 various sources report between less than 1.4% and up to 1.7% of the island's approximately 70,000 citizens are Bahá'ís.
Pre-history.
`Abdu'l-Bahá, the son of the founder of the religion, wrote a series of letters, or tablets, to the followers of the religion in the United States in 1916-1917; these letters were compiled together in the book titled Tablets of the Divine Plan. The sixth of the tablets was the first to mention Latin American regions and was written on April 8, 1916, but was delayed in being presented in the United States until 1919—after the end of the First World War and the Spanish flu. The first actions on the part of Bahá'í community towards Latin America were that of a few individuals who made trips to Mexico and South America near or before this unveiling in 1919, including Mr. and Mrs. Frankland, and Roy C. Wilhelm, and Martha Root. The sixth tablet was translated and presented by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab on April 4, 1919, and published in Star of the West magazine on December 12, 1919.
His Holiness Christ says: Travel ye to the East and to the West of the world and summon the people to the Kingdom of God.…(travel to) the Islands of the West Indies, such as Cuba, Haiti, Puerto Rico, Jamaica, the Islands of the Lesser Antilles (which includes Dominca), Bahama Islands, even the small Watling Island, have great importance…
Seven Year Plan and succeeding decades.
Shoghi Effendi wrote a cable on May 1, 1936 to the Bahá'í Annual Convention of the United States and Canada, and asked for the systematic implementation of `Abdu'l-Bahá's vision to begin. In his cable he wrote:
Appeal to assembled delegates ponder historic appeal voiced by `Abdu'l-Bahá in "Tablets of the Divine Plan". Urge earnest deliberation with incoming National Assembly to insure its complete fulfillment. First century of Bahá'í Era drawing to a close. Humanity entering outer fringes most perilous stage its existence. Opportunities of present hour unimaginably precious. Would to God every State within American Republic and every Republic in American continent might ere termination of this glorious century embrace the light of the Faith of Bahá'u'lláh and establish structural basis of His World Order.
Following the May 1 cable, another cable from Shoghi Effendi came on May 19 calling for permanent pioneers to be established in all the countries of Latin America. The Bahá'í National Spiritual Assembly of the United States and Canada appointed the Inter-America Committee to take charge of the preparations. During the 1937 Bahá'í North American Convention, Shoghi Effendi cabled advising the convention to prolong their deliberations to permit the delegates and the National Assembly to consult on a plan that would enable Bahá'ís to go to Latin America as well as to include the completion of the outer structure of the Bahá'í House of Worship in Wilmette, Illinois. In 1937 the "First Seven Year Plan" (1937–44), which was an international plan designed by Shoghi Effendi, gave the American Bahá'ís the goal of establishing the Bahá'í Faith in every country in Latin America. With the spread of American Bahá'ís in Latin American, Bahá'í communities and Local Spiritual Assemblies began to form in 1938 across the rest of Latin America. Dominica was specifically listed as an objective for plans on spreading the religion in 1939. There is a record of an Elena Marsella, from Boston, in Dominica before June 1947 though other sources claim no Bahá'í had settled in Dominica through 1966 and other references of Marella show her in the Dominican Republic.
Establishment.
As far back as 1951 the Bahá'ís had organized a regional National Assembly for the combination of Mexico, Central America and the Antilles islands. A Bahá'í made a trip to Dominica specifically to try to reach the Carib Indians on May 7, 1959. Pioneers arrived on April 17 (Ivor Ellard) and 19 (William Nedden), 1966. From 1966 the region was reorganized among the Bahá'ís of Leeward, Windward and Virgin Islands with its seat in Charlotte Amalie with Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assemblies in neighboring islands to Dominica by the end of 1963. Nedden moved to other nearby islands. For five weeks in 1970 Hand of the Cause Ruhiyyih Khanum toured Caribbean Islands. On the island of Dominica she could only find one Bahá'í, a pioneer from Haita, as the rest were semi-nomadic. From 1972 the regional assembly was reorganized for Barbados, St. Lucia, Dominica, St. Vincent, Grenada and other Windward Islands. About December 1975 Bahá´ís again visited the Carib Indians; this time leaving them with Bahá'í literature. The first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly of Dominica was elected in 1976 in St. George. In 1977 the first Carib joined the religion Joe Rabess. In 1978 assemblies were elected in St. Luke, St. Paul and St. Joseph. In 1979, Category 5 Hurricane David impacted Dominca and Errol (Bobby) Martin, who was vice-chairman of the National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha'is of the Leeward and Virgin Islands and an officer of the Montserrat Amateur Radio Society provided the lone link off the island for communication for some time.
Early in 1983 a team of Dominican Bahá'ís set out to tour several cities and villages to makes contact isolated Bahá´'ís as well as promulgate the religion in new areas - they may have been the first time to do so composed only of Dominican citizens. Later in 1983 Hand of the Cause, Dhikru'llah Khadem represented the Universal House of Justice, which succeeded Shoghi Effendi as the head of the religion, at the inaugural Convention for the National Spiritual Assembly of Dominica in Roseau. In October 1984 the Bahá'ís of Roseau held a youth conference. In 1988 the National Assembly oversaw the translation and publication of the Hidden Words of Bahá'u'lláh.
Modern community.
Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Bahá'ís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Bahá'í teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognized Bahá'í socio-economic development projects. By 1987, the number of officially recognized development projects had increased to 1482. In 1982 the Bahá'ís starting holding observances of World Religion Day and in 1986 the observance included a tribute of Martin Luther King, Jr. by a Dominican official brought the largest audience to far and coverage by national radio news. Through the rest of 1986 the distribution of a publication of the Universal House of Justice, "The Promise of World Peace" reached a point where it or the author were noticed in a number of venues from non-Bahá'ís until the Bahá'ís themselves lead a procession through several villages and an art contest celebrating peace. In 1988 Carib Indians from Belize visited Dominica as part of a "Trail of Light" series of events Bahá'í native Americans have been undertaking. Interviews of the travelers was taken and broadcast on Dominican radio several times as well as in print for the island newspaper. Public performances and private audiences between the visiting and native Caribs took place. In 1989 a translation in Creole of The Hidden Words was published and was recognized as a contribution to the preservation of the Dominican culture. In 1990 teams of Caribbean youth traveled among the islands and a team went to Dominica and worked for the Association for the Disabled. In 2000 Bahá'ís of Dominica hosted a prayer gathering in an auditorium at the University of West Indies Centre in Roseau and accomplished literacy and education projects. The Dominican government supported the United Nations General Assembly vote on the "Situation of Human Rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran" (A/56/583/Add.3 Draft Resolution) on 19 December 2001.
Demographics.
According to the 2001 population and housing census for Dominica, 1.4% of the population belonged to "other" religious groups, including the Bahá'í Faith. However, the 2001 World Christian Database reported 1.7% of Dominicans were Bahá'ís.

</doc>
<doc id="20538230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538230" title="Chromodoris thompsoni">
Chromodoris thompsoni

Chromodoris thompsoni is a species of very colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.

</doc>
<doc id="20538231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538231" title="What I Talk About When I Talk About Running">
What I Talk About When I Talk About Running

The book's title was inspired by Raymond Carver's collection of short stories entitled "What We Talk About When We Talk About Love".

</doc>
<doc id="20538246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538246" title="Drepano, Achaea">
Drepano, Achaea

Drepano, () is a village in the municipality of Patras, Achaea, Greece. As of 2001, it had a population of 388. It is situated on the river Volinaios, about 60 m above sea level. It is 2 km west of Psathopyrgos and 7 km northwest of Rio. The Greek National Road 8A (Athens - Corinth - Patras) passes north of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="20538264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538264" title="Äußere Neustadt">
Äußere Neustadt

Äußere Neustadt (English "Outer New Town"), also known as "Antonstadt" after Anthony (German: "Anton"), King of Saxony, is a neighborhood in Dresden, Germany. The Äußere Neustadt contains the part of the Neustadt that is located outside of where the old city walls used to be. Today the area is known for its thriving bars and clubs.
Location.
The Äußere Neustadt is bounded by Bautzener Straße and Albertplatz to the south, Königsbrücker Straße to the west, the street Bischofsweg and Alaunpark to the north, and the Prießnitz river to the east. These, however, are the official borders. Many people consider the neighborhood of Hecht to be part of the Äußere Neustadt even though it technically belongs to the Leipziger Vorstadt.
Traffic.
Äußere Neustadt is not far away from Bahnhof Dresden-Neustadt which is the second largest train station in Dresden. This station grants access to the ICE network.
A number of tramlines serve the Äußere Neustadt. Albertplatz at the southern border is the most important hub in Dresden north of the Elbe. One of the few single track sections in Dresden is in the quarter due to its cramped streets.
History.
The streets have remained mostly the same since they were originally laid out in 1745. Among the first businesses to emerge in the area were a casting house and an alum boilery (Alaunstraße gets its name from the German word for alum). The world's first milk chocolate was produced in 1839 in a factory opened in between modern-day Timaeusstraße and Jordanstraße by Gottfried Heinrich Christoph Jordan and August Friedrich Christian Timaeus. 
The area boomed in the late 19th century, when many of its characteristic buildings were erected. Today, it is one of the largest urban areas in Germany with enclosed Wilhelminian-era architecture. This has much to do with the fact that the Äußere Neustadt was not greatly affected by the bombing of Dresden in World War II. 
The festival known as "Bunte Republik Neustadt" ("The Colorful Republic of Neustadt" a play on "Bundesrepublik Deutschland") has taken place every year since 1990 in the Äußere Neustadt. It has become East Germany's largest city festival with more than 150,000 visitors in 2006.
Attractions.
Martin Luther Church.
Located on Martin-Luther-Platz, built from 1883 to 1887. With both Romanesque arches and Gothic proportions, the church exterior is an example of historicism. The tower is 81 meters high.
Old Jewish cemetery.
Located on Pulsnitzer Straße near Martin-Luther-Platz. Established in 1751, it is the oldest Jewish cemetery in Saxony. A new cemetery was established for the Jewish population of Dresden in the neighborhood of Johannstadt in 1869.
Kunsthofpassage.
The Kunsthofpassage, located right off Görlitzer Straße, is a complex of buildings whose 5 courtyards contain interesting artwork and decoration. The passage contains small boutiques, galleries, bookstores, and cafes.
Nordbad.
Dresden's only historical bathhouse. Although it was temporarily closed from 1974 to 1992, it is once again open for business. The bath itself is 8 meters wide and 16 meters long.
Panama Adventure Playground.
Neustadt contains a special attraction for children – the Panama Adventure Playground. Children between 6 and 16 are welcome to come and interact with horses, sheep and other animals. Panama was designed as a 'playground within the city', and as such is located in the middle of the block bounded by Görlitzer, Kamenzer, Sebnitzer and Louisen Streets.
Nightlife.
The Äußere Neustadt is thought to have one of the liveliest bar scenes in all of Germany, with an extremely high concentration of bars, clubs, and cafes.

</doc>
<doc id="20538279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538279" title="Goniobranchus tinctorius">
Goniobranchus tinctorius

Goniobranchus tinctorius is a species of colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
Description.
The length of the body can vary between 15 mm and 95 mm.
Distribution.
This marine species occurs in the tropical Indo-West Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="20538285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538285" title="Henri Courtine">
Henri Courtine

Henri Courtine (born 1930) is a French judoka. He received a bronze medal at the 1956 World Judo Championships in Tokyo, shared with Anton Geesink, after losing the semi final to winner Shokichi Natsui. He is three times individual European champion (1952, 1958 and 1959), and four times with the French team (1952, 1954, 1955 and 1956). He served as sports director of the International Judo Federation (IJF) from 1979 to 1987.
Henri Courtine was honored the title "jūdan" (10th dan) in 2007, as the first ever French judoka.
This title however is not officially "recognized by the Kodokan".

</doc>
<doc id="20538314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538314" title="Richard Pischel">
Richard Pischel

Richard Pischel (January 18, 1849 - December 26, 1908) was a German Indologist who was a native of Breslau.
In 1870 he received his doctorate from the University of Breslau under the guidance of Adolf Friedrich Stenzler (1807-1887). His graduate thesis was "De Kalidasae Cakuntali recensionibus" (On the Recensions of Kālidāsa's Shakuntala). In 1875 he received an appointment to the University of Kiel, where he was a professor of Sanskrit and comparative linguistics.
From 1885 to 1902 Pischel was professor of Indology and comparative linguistics at the University of Halle. At Halle he collaborated with Karl Friedrich Geldner (1852-1929) on important Vedic studies ("Vedische Studien"; three volumes). In 1900 he was appointed rector of the University, and from 1886 to 1902 he was director and librarian of the "Deutschen Morgenländischen Gesellschaft" (German Oriental Society).
In 1902 he was appointed professor of Indology at the University of Berlin. He died on December 26, 1908 in Madras shortly after setting foot in India, where he was scheduled to give a series of lectures. One of Pischel's better known works was the masterful "Grammatik der Prakrit-Sprachen" (Grammar of the Prakrit languages) (1900). Two years prior to his death, he published a book on the teachings of Buddha titled "Leben und Lehre des Buddha".
Well-known students of Pischel were Friedrich Schrader (not to be mixed up with Friedrich Otto Schrader (1876-1961), who became known as a writer, newspaper editor and art historian in Constantinople, and Baron Alexander von Stael-Holstein, who became a famous scholar of Central Asian languages and Sinology. 

</doc>
<doc id="20538331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538331" title="Club Fugazi">
Club Fugazi

The Club Fugazi is a small theater and nightclub located in the North Beach, San Francisco, California district of San Francisco, California. The address is 678 Green Street although the portion of Green in front of the club has been renamed Beach Blanket Babylon Boulevard in honor of the long-running musical revue which has played at the Club Fugazi for some two decades.
The theater is on the ground floor in a building which is formally known as Casa Coloniale Italiana John F. Fugazi, a community center for the Italian Colony of San Francisco. The building was financed by a donation from Cavaliere Ufficiale John F. Fugazi, who founded the Columbus Savings and Loan Society in 1893 as well as the Banca Popolare Operaia Italiana in 1906. Both banks eventually merged with the Bank of Italy, which was later renamed the Bank of America.
Fugazi had promised to establish a community center for the Italian Colony of San Francisco following the Great Earthquake and Fire of 1906, but it wasn't until 1913 that the project began.
Fugazi Hall was built in 1913 on a parcel of land donated by Fugazi's second wife, Joanna Fugazi. The building was designed by Italian architect Italo Zanolini, who also designed the Banca Popolare Operaia Italiana building at 2 Columbus Avenue (1906) most recently occupied by the Church of Scientology, as well as the building at 255 Columbus Avenue (1916), most recently occupied by Vesuvio Restaurant. Zanolini also designed John F. Fugazi's private mausoleum chapel at the Italian Cemetery in Colma.
Fugazi establish a trust to ensure that future generations of Italian-Americans would be able to utilize the building. The Trust is administered by the Italian-American Community Services Agency (formally known as the Italian Board of Relief and the Italian-American Welfare Agency), which was established in 1916.
In the 1950s and early 1960s, Fugazi Hall was a common venue for poetry reading by members of the beat community. Although many might believe that Club Fugazi is referenced in Allen Ginsberg's "Howl": "Noon in desolate Fugazzi's, listening to the crack...", this actually refers to Fugazzi's in New York City, another Beat hangout (note the two z's in the name in the poem, as well as all the geographical references in that part of the poem being in NYC.
The famous "Thelonious Alone in San Francisco" album was recorded by Thelonious Monk on October 1959 at the Fugazi Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="20538337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538337" title="1981 Hang Ten 400">
1981 Hang Ten 400

The 1981 Hang Ten 400 was an endurance race for Group C Touring Cars.
The event, Round 3 of the 1981 Australian Endurance Championship,
was staged on 13 September over 119 laps of the 3.1 km Sandown Park circuit in Victoria, Australia.
The field was divided into four engine capacity classes:
Of the 55 cars which started the event, 26 were classified as finishers.
Peter Brock drove his Marlboro Holden Dealer Team VC Commodore to his record 6th consecutive Sandown endurance win, and his 7th victory overall. Reigning ATCC champion Dick Johnson finished 2nd after starting from pole in his Tru-Blu Ford XD Falcon after two spins thanks to an experiment with Shock absorber gone wrong. Third over the line was the Roadways Gown Hindhaugh VC Commodore of Steven Harrington and Garth Wigston.
Colin Bond and Steve Masterton were the winners of Class B in their Ford Capri, while Sydney's Peter Williamson was the winner of Class C Toyota Celica. The winners of Class D were Craig Bradtke and Rod Stevens driving a Mitsubishi Lancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20538345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538345" title="Nação Nordestina">
Nação Nordestina

Nação Nordestina is the fifteenth studio album and first double album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho. It was released in 2000. The cover art of the album is clearly based on The Beatles' Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band's cover. It is a concept album which tells the history of a traveller exploring the Northeastern Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="20538359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538359" title="Electoral district of Waratah (Tasmania)">
Electoral district of Waratah (Tasmania)

The Electoral district of Waratah was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Waratah in western Tasmania.
The seat was created in a redistribution ahead of the 1897 state election from the southern part of the Wellington electorate, which had been a two-member seat until the election. The seat was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909. Its final member, John Earle, successfully stood for the multi-member seat of Franklin and, shortly after the 1909 election, became Tasmania's the first Labor premier, albeit of an unstable minority government which lasted a week. He regained the Premiership in 1914 and held it for two years, before gaining a seat in the Australian Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="20538380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538380" title="Electoral district of Waratah">
Electoral district of Waratah

Electoral district of Waratah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20538388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538388" title="Goniobranchus collingwoodi">
Goniobranchus collingwoodi

Goniobranchus collingwoodi, common name "Collingwood's chromodoris", is a species of very colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.

</doc>
<doc id="20538406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538406" title="Mark Westbrook">
Mark Westbrook

Mark Westbrook is a writer, director, and acting coach based in Glasgow, Scotland.
Education.
Mark was born in Leicester in 1976 to mother Margaret and father Raymond. He attended Danemill County Primary School, Brockington College, and Lutterworth 
Grammar School before going on to study Drama and Theatre at the University of Kent at Canterbury. He gained further training at the Universiteit Utrecht, University of 
Nottingham, and Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama, where he was awarded the Avrom Greenbaum Players Award for Direction. Later, he attended the Atlantic
Theater Company's Acting School in New York City, where he trained in Practical Aesthetics.
Career.
Mark Westbrook has been artistic director of several theatre companies, but he is currently artistic director of Spartan Productions. He has also been a university
lecturer, conservatory acting teacher, freelance director and workshop leader, demolitions worker, and banana counter. As a director, he most recently completed
and staged his own first full-length play, 'The Emotional Life of Furniture,' at the Tron Theatre in Glasgow. He received a full scholarship from Shed Productions
to retrain as a television fiction writer at Glasgow Caledonian University. He is represented by MacFarlance-Chard.
Westbrook's directing credits include the Scottish premiere of Enda Walsh's 'Misterman' and Lee Hall's 'Spoonface Steinberg.' He has also directed The Dawn by Gordon Hunt,
Rescuers Speaking by Wilfred Harrison, Tandem by Michelle Bradford, Necessary Targets by Eve Ensler, and Broken Biscuits by Gordon Hunt. More recently he directed Stitching by Anthony Neilson at the Tron Theatre in Glasgow, Pinter's The Dumb Water at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 2013.
He is now a full-time acting coach based in Glasgow, Scotland and runs Acting Coach Scotland, a professional acting studio teaching The Mindset Acting Technique, as well as working with Acting Coach Australia, a sister company.

</doc>
<doc id="20538412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538412" title="John Billee">
John Billee

John Billee (fl. 1873 - Jan. 16, 1890) was a Creek Indian and an American outlaw of the Old West. He operated in Indian Territory with John Willis and the two murdered W. P. Williams and buried his body in the Kiamichi Mountains. Billie was noted for his bad temper. 
Following his arrest by United States Marshals Will Ayers, James Wilkerson, and Perry DuVall (or DuVal) for robbery and murder, he was taken to Fort Smith, Arkansas. During his transportation, he broke free during an overnight stay. Billee slipped out of his handcuffs and killed DuVall with his own pistol. He then wounded Ayers and Wilkerson before being shot and disabled by another guard. Billee and John Willis were tried and condemned. While in custody at Fort Smith, his unruly behavior necessitated his being chained to a cell wall. In spite of his personal plea to be shot by the hangman, he was dragged to the gallows and hanged.

</doc>
<doc id="20538436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538436" title="Nikkan Sports Film Award">
Nikkan Sports Film Award

The are film-specific prizes awarded solely by the "Nikkan Sports".

</doc>
<doc id="20538458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538458" title="Business reference model">
Business reference model

Business reference model is a reference model, concentrating on the functional and organizational aspects of the core business of an enterprise, service organization or government agency.
In enterprise engineering a business reference model is part of an Enterprise Architecture Framework or "Architecture Framework". An Enterprise Architecture Framework defines in a series of reference models, how to organize the structure and views associated with an Enterprise Architecture.
Overview.
A reference model in general is a model of something that embodies the basic goal or idea of something and can then be looked at as a reference for various purposes. A business reference model is a means to describe the business operations of an organization, independent of the organizational structure that perform them. Other types of business reference model can also depict the relationship between the business processes, business functions, and the business area’s business reference model. These reference model can be constructed in layers, and offer a foundation for the analysis of service components, technology, data, and performance.
The most familiar business reference model is the "Business Reference Model", one of five reference models of the Federal Enterprise Architecture of the US Federal Government. That model is a function-driven framework for describing the business operations of the Federal Government independent of the agencies that perform them. The Business Reference Model provides an organized, hierarchical construct for describing the day-to-day business operations of the Federal government. While many models exist for describing organizations - organizational charts, location maps, etc. - this model presents the business using a functionally driven approach.
Federal government.
The US Federal Government has defined a Federal Enterprise Architecture structures of the five FEA reference models:
The Federal Government Business Reference Model (FA BRM) provides an organized, hierarchical construct for describing the day-to-day business operations of the Federal government. While many models exist for describing organizations - org charts, location maps, etc. - this model presents the business using a functionally driven approach. The Lines of Business and Sub-functions that comprise the BRM represent a departure from previous models of the Federal government that use antiquated, stovepiped, agency-oriented frameworks. The BRM is the first layer of the Federal Enterprise Architecture and it is the main viewpoint for the analysis of data, service components and technology.

</doc>
<doc id="20538474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538474" title="Watts Gang Task Force">
Watts Gang Task Force

The Watts Gang Task Force (also known as the WGTF) is a community based group that was created to reduce gang related crime in the Watts, Los Angeles, California area.
History.
In December 2005, over a 31 day period, violence in the Watts community escalated. There were 18 gang related shootings, seven of which were homicides. Los Angeles Councilwoman Janice Hahn called a meeting of community leaders, the Los Angeles Police Department, school representatives, service providers, gang intervention workers, and city departments and facilitated by the City of Los Angeles Human Relations Commission, to see how, together, they could stop the violence. This was the beginning of the Watts Gang Task Force. Since that first meeting in January 2006, the task force has met every Monday in Councilwoman Hahn's Watts office, and facilitated by the Human Relations Commission.
Activities.
The greater Watts area has one of the highest concentrations of gangs within Los Angeles County. LAPD estimates that there are at least 59 known and active gangs in the Southeast Division. Specifically, the Watts/Southeast GRYD contains an estimated 14 known and active African American and Latino gangs, of which three are Blood cliques, eight are Crips cliques, and three are Latino cliques. The most active gangs in the GRYD according to law enforcement are African American gangs, due to the longstanding rivalries between the Bloods and the Crips, and the dominant gangs within the public housing developments.

</doc>
<doc id="20538488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538488" title="Thomas Brattle">
Thomas Brattle

Thomas Brattle (1657–1713) was a well-educated and prosperous Boston merchant who served as treasurer of Harvard College, and was a member of the intellectually elite Royal Society. 
Thomas Brattle was born 5 September 1657. He attended and graduated from Harvard College in 1676, later becoming treasurer of the college. He became a member of the Ancient and Honorable Artillery Company of Massachusetts in 1672. He was the principal founder of the Brattle Street Church in Boston, with Dr. Coleman as the first minister.
In early October 1692 he wrote a letter to an English clergyman which was critical of the Salem witch trials. The letter was circulated widely in Boston at the time, and it continues to be studied for its reasoned attack on the witchcraft trials in Salem. Brattle presents a compelling argument against the legal premises and procedures involved in the afflictions, accusations, and executions, with a particular focus on the invalidity of spectral evidence in proceedings. He concludes by saying "I am afraid that ages will not wear off that reproach and those stains which these things will leave behind them upon out land."
Brattle died on 18 May 1713 at age 56.
References.
Bibliography:
"Thomas Brattle and the Provincialism of New England Science, 1690-1720," The New England Quarterly, 63 (1990): 584-600 
"Thomas Brattle: A Mathematician-Architect in the Transition of the New England Mind, 1690-1700," Winterthur Portfolio, 24 (1989): 231-245.
External links.
Burr, George Lincoln, 1857-1938. "Letter of Thomas Brattle, F. R. S., 1692"; from "Narratives of the Witchcraft Cases", 1648-1706. Electronic Text Center, University of Virginia Library.

</doc>
<doc id="20538505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538505" title="Washington Irving High School (West Virginia)">
Washington Irving High School (West Virginia)

Washington Irving High School was a school in Clarksburg, West Virginia, USA, until it was made into a middle school. 
When WI opened its doors in 1914 it was an all-white school. It continued to be until the end of segregation in 1956 when the doors of Kelly Miller High School (Clarksburg's black school) were closed for good. Notable alumni include the ESPN broadcaster Mike Patrick, and Sam Ellis, former manager for Meat Loaf.

</doc>
<doc id="20538512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538512" title="Elizabeth Hubbard (Salem witch trials)">
Elizabeth Hubbard (Salem witch trials)

Elizabeth Hubbard was one of the original girls to begin the Salem witchcraft accusations, and she continued to be a leading accuser throughout the summer and fall of 1692. 
Hubbard was the seventeen-year-old orphaned maidservant to Dr. William Griggs, who purchased Hubbard from Boston after the death of his son, Isaac Griggs. Scholars connect the origins of her afflictions to her position in Griggs household. As an indentured servant to Griggs, the doctor to originally diagnose bewitchment, she was familiar with the initial fits of Abigail Williams and Betty Parris on January 3, 1692.
Hubbard experienced her first recorded fit on February 27, 1692. Because of her age, she was the first of the accusers old enough to testify under oath, moving the accusations to the legal domain. Along with seeing the apparition of Tituba, she was among the first to accuse Sarah Osborne and Sarah Good of practicing witchcraft. Throughout the witchcraft crisis in Essex County she filed forty legal complaints against various tormentors and testified thirty-two times, the last of her testimony given on January 7, 1693. 
By the end of the trial Elizabeth Hubbard had testified against twenty-nine people, seventeen of whom were arrested, thirteen of those were hanged and two died in jail. As a strong force behind the trials, she was able to manipulate both people and the court into believing her. One way she and the other girls did this was through their outrageous fits in the courtroom. The fits, they would claim, were brought on by the accused. Elizabeth was especially known for her trances. She spent the whole of Elizabeth Proctor's trial in a deep trance and was unable to speak. After the trials she moved to Gloucester and eventually married John Bennett in 1711 and had four children.

</doc>
<doc id="20538532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538532" title="Edwin Regan">
Edwin Regan

Edwin Regan (born 31 December 1935) is a Welsh prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as the second Bishop of Wrexham from 1994 to 2012.
Biography.
Edwin Regan was born in Port Talbot, and studied at St. John's Seminary, Waterford, Ireland, where he was ordained to the priesthood on 5 July 1959. He then served as assistant pastor at St. Alban's Church in Pontypool (1959) and at St. Joseph's Church in Neath (1959–1966). From 1966 to 1967, he attended Corpus Christi College in London, obtaining a diploma in catechetics.
Regan served as chaplain to Porthcawl Convent from 1967 to 1971, whence he became director of catechetics and cathedral administrator for the Archdiocese of Cardiff. He was raised to the rank of Honorary Canon in 1978, and Chapter Canon in 1985. He was later pastor of St Helen's Church in Barry (1984–1989) and of St. Mary's Church in Bridgend (1989–1994).
On 7 November 1994, Regan was appointed Bishop of Wrexham by Pope John Paul II. He received his episcopal consecration on the following 13 December from Archbishop John Ward, OFM Cap, with Bishops Daniel Mullins and Vincent Nichols serving as co-consecrators.
In addition to his Wrexham post, Regan was named Apostolic Administrator of the Archdiocese of Cardiff in December 2000, to assist the ailing Archbishop Ward in governing the archdiocese. This appointment was considered unusual, as an Apostolic Administrator is normally named when the sitting Ordinary has either died or resigned. Regan remained in the post until the appointment of Peter Smith as the new Archbishop of Cardiff on 26 October 2001.
On 27 June 2012 it was announced that Pope Benedict had accepted Bishop Regan's resignation on reaching the age limit and had appointed Mgr Peter Bignall, Vicar General of Wrexham, to succeed him as third bishop of the diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="20538552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538552" title="Ronald Reagan Supreme Court candidates">
Ronald Reagan Supreme Court candidates

Speculation abounded over potential nominations to the Supreme Court of the United States by Ronald Reagan even before his presidency officially began, due to the advanced ages of several justices, and Reagan's own highlighting of Supreme Court nominations as a campaign issue. Reagan had promised "to appoint only those opposed to abortion and the 'judicial activism' of the Warren and Burger Courts". Conversely, some opposed to Reagan argued that he could "appoint as many as five Justices" and would "use the opportunity to stack the Court against women, minorities and social justice".
Sandra Day O'Connor nomination.
During his 1980 campaign, Reagan pledged that, if given the opportunity, he would appoint the first female Supreme Court Justice. That opportunity came in his first year in office when he nominated Sandra Day O'Connor to fill the vacancy created by the retirement of Justice Potter Stewart. O'Connor was approved by the Senate by a vote of 99-0 on September 21, 1981. Senator Max Baucus (D-MT) did not vote.
William Rehnquist elevation.
In his second term, Reagan elevated William Rehnquist to succeed Warren Burger as Chief Justice. Rehnquist's confirmation was largely split along party lines, showing that he had not improved his standing among Senate Democrats since his contentious 1971 nomination to the Court. Rehnquist's elevation to Chief Justice was approved by the Senate by a vote of 65-33 on September 17, 1986. Senators Jake Garn (R-UT) and Barry Goldwater (R-AZ) did not vote. Senator Alan Simpson (R-WY) made public note on the Senate floor that Senator Garn's vote would have been to confirm had he been present.
Antonin Scalia nomination.
After deciding to elevate Rehnquist to Chief Justice, Reagan considered both Robert Bork and Antonin Scalia to fill the vacant seat left by Rehnquist's elevation, but ultimately chose the younger and more charismatic Scalia. Scalia was approved by the Senate by a vote of 98-0 on September 17, 1986. Senators Jake Garn (R-UT) and Barry Goldwater (R-AZ) did not vote.
Anthony Kennedy nomination.
Robert Bork selection.
Supreme Court Justice Lewis Powell was a moderate, and even before his expected retirement on June 27, 1987, Senate Democrats had asked liberal leaders to form "a solid phalanx" to oppose whomever President Ronald Reagan nominated to replace him, assuming it would tilt the court rightward; Democrats warned Reagan there would be a fight. Reagan considered appointing Utah Senator Orrin Hatch to the seat, but Congress had approved $6,000 pay raises for Supreme Court Justices in February, raising a problem under the Ineligibility Clause of the United States Constitution, which prohibits a member of Congress from accepting an appointment for which the pay had been increased during that member's term. A memorandum by Assistant Attorney General Charles J. Cooper rejected the notion that a Saxbe fix—a rollback of the salary for the position—could satisfy the Ineligibility Clause. Hatch had been on the short list of two finalists with Robert Bork, but after the Ineligibility Clause had been brought to light, Hatch was no longer under consideration. Reagan nominated Robert Bork for the seat on July 1, 1987.
Within 45 minutes of Bork's nomination to the Court, Ted Kennedy (D-MA) took to the Senate floor with a strong condemnation of Bork in a nationally televised speech, declaring, "Robert Bork's America is a land in which women would be forced into back-alley abortions, blacks would sit at segregated lunch counters, rogue police could break down citizens' doors in midnight raids, schoolchildren could not be taught about evolution, writers and artists could be censored at the whim of the Government, and the doors of the Federal courts would be shut on the fingers of millions of citizens."
A brief was prepared for Joe Biden, head of the Senate Judiciary Committee, called the "Biden Report". Bork later said in his best-selling book "The Tempting of America" that the report "so thoroughly misrepresented a plain record that it easily qualifies as world class in the category of scurrility". TV ads narrated by Gregory Peck attacked Bork as an extremist, and Kennedy's speech successfully fueled widespread public skepticism of Bork's nomination. The rapid response of Kennedy's "Robert Bork's America" speech stunned the Reagan White House; though conservatives considered Kennedy's accusations slanderous, the attacks went unanswered for two-and-a-half months.
A hotly contested United States Senate debate over Bork's nomination ensued, partly fueled by strong opposition by civil rights and women's rights groups concerned with what they claimed was Bork's desire to roll back civil rights decisions of the Warren and Burger courts. Bork is one of only three Supreme Court nominees to ever be opposed by the ACLU. Bork was also criticized for being an "advocate of disproportionate powers for the executive branch of Government, almost executive supremacy", as demonstrated by his role in the Saturday Night Massacre.
During debate over his nomination, Bork's video rental history was leaked to the press, which led to the enactment of the 1988 Video Privacy Protection Act. His video rental history was unremarkable, and included such harmless titles as "A Day at the Races", "Ruthless People" and "The Man Who Knew Too Much". The list of rentals was originally printed by Washington D.C.'s "City Paper".
To pro-choice legal groups, Bork's originalist views and his belief that the Constitution does not contain a general "right to privacy" were viewed as a clear signal that, should he become a Justice on the Supreme Court, he would vote to reverse the Court's 1973 decision in "Roe v. Wade". Accordingly, a large number of liberal advocacy groups mobilized to press for Bork's rejection, and the resulting 1987 Senate confirmation hearings became an intensely partisan battle. Bork was faulted for his bluntness before the committee, including his criticism of the reasoning underlying "Roe v. Wade".
As Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Joe Biden presided over Bork's hearing. Biden stated his opposition to Bork soon after the nomination, reversing an approval in an interview of a hypothetical Bork nomination he had made the previous year and angering conservatives who thought he could not conduct the hearings dispassionately. At the close, Biden won praise for conducting the proceedings fairly and with good humor and courage, as his 1988 presidential campaign collapsed in the middle of the hearings. Biden framed his discussion around the belief that the U.S. Constitution provides rights to liberty and privacy that extend beyond those explicitly enumerated in the text, and that Bork's strong originalism was ideologically incompatible with that view. Bork's nomination was rejected in the committee by a 9–5 vote, and then rejected in the full Senate by a 58–42 margin.
On October 23, 1987, the Senate rejected Bork's confirmation, with 42 senators voting in favor and 58 voting against. Senators David Boren (D-OK) and Ernest Hollings (D-SC) voted in favor, with Senators John Chafee (R-RI), Bob Packwood (R-OR), Richard Shelby (D-AL), Arlen Specter (R-PA), Robert Stafford (R-VT), John Warner (R-VA) and Lowell P. Weicker, Jr. (R-CT) all voting no.
Douglas Ginsburg selection.
Following Bork's defeat, Reagan announced his intention to nominate Douglas H. Ginsburg, a former Harvard Law professor whom Reagan had appointed to the District of Columbia Circuit the previous year. Ginsburg almost immediately came under some fire for an entirely different reason when NPR's Nina Totenberg revealed that Ginsburg had used marijuana "on a few occasions" during his student days in the 1960s and while an Assistant Professor at Harvard in the 1970s. In 1991, a similar admission by then-nominee Clarence Thomas that he had used the drug during his law school days had no effect on his nomination. It was Ginsburg's continued use of marijuana after graduation and as a professor that made his indiscretions more serious in the minds of many senators and members of the public. Prior to being formally nominated, Ginsburg withdrew his name from consideration due to the allegations but remained on the federal appellate bench.
Anthony Kennedy selection.
After Ginsburg's withdrawal, Reagan nominated Anthony Kennedy on November 11, and he was then confirmed to fill the vacancy on February 3, 1988.
While vetting Kennedy for potential nomination, some of Reagan's Justice Department lawyers said Kennedy was too eager to put courts in disputes many conservatives would rather leave to legislatures, and to identify rights not expressly written in the Constitution. Kennedy's stance in favor of privacy rights drew criticism; Kennedy cited "Roe v. Wade" and other privacy right cases favorably, which one lawyer called "really very distressing".
In another of the opinions Kennedy wrote before coming to the Supreme Court, he criticized (in dissent) the police for bribing a child into showing them where the child's mother hid her heroin; Kennedy wrote that "indifference to personal liberty is but the precursor of the state's hostility to it". The Reagan lawyers also criticized Kennedy for citing a report from Amnesty International to bolster his views in that case.
Another lawyer pointed out "Generally, seems to favor the judiciary in any contest between the judiciary and another branch."
Kennedy endorsed "Griswold" as well as the right to privacy, calling it "a zone of liberty, a zone of protection, a line that's drawn where the individual can tell the Government, 'Beyond this line you may not go.'" This gave Kennedy more bipartisan support than Bork and Ginsburg. The Senate confirmed him by a vote of 97 to 0.
Names frequently mentioned.
Following is a list of individuals who were mentioned in various news accounts and books as having been considered by Reagan or being the most likely potential nominees for a Supreme Court appointment under Reagan:

</doc>
<doc id="20538558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538558" title="Penny Daniels">
Penny Daniels

Penny Daniels (born December 1954) is a communications consultant and trainer and a former American television news anchor who once hosted the TV show "A Current Affair".
Early life and education.
Born Elizabeth Penny Comm, Daniels is a native of Highland Park, Illinois. She earned a Bachelor's degree from the University of Michigan in 1977 and a Master's degree in Broadcast Journalism from Northwestern University in 1980.
Professional career.
Daniels began her career in 1980 at the CBS affiliate in Green Bay Wisconsin, then moved to Buffalo, N.Y. to report and anchor newscasts at WKBW-TV, the ABC affiliate. From there she moved to Washington, D.C., where she was a reporter and fill-in anchor at WJLA-TV, the ABC station from 1985-1988. In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Daniels was an anchor at WSVN-TV in Miami, where she was the first woman to solo anchor a modern, nationally-syndicated tabloid-style magazine program. "Inside Report" only ran from 1989-1990, but was hugely popular in Miami, beating the famous "A Current Affair" (then-anchored by Maury Povich) in local ratings. " Shortly before leaving WSVN, Daniels was caught on the air telling a producer "You suck!" "I'm sorry I said it," Daniels later said, according to a report in the Chicago Sun-Times on March 22, 1993. "I don't usually lose my temper when I'm doing a newscast." Shortly before leaving WSVN, Daniels was caught on the air telling a producer "You suck!" "I'm sorry I said it," Daniels later said, according to a report in the Chicago Sun-Times on March 22, 1993. "I don't usually lose my temper when I'm doing a newscast."
In April 1993, Daniels joined WBBM-TV in Chicago as an anchor and reporter. In mid-1993, Daniels and Joan Lovett began anchoring the station's new noon newscast.
In September 1994, Daniels left WBBM to join "A Current Affair" as a New York-based weekday host. She hosted the show until September 1995, when she shifted to being a correspondent for the program's weekday editions and the anchor of the show's weekend edition. The show went off the air in 1996. 
In 1998, Daniels joined KHQ-TV in Spokane, Washington. In October 2000, Daniels abruptly resigned from KHQ and left the TV news business to work as a communications consultant and trainer in Washington, D.C. .
In 2003, Daniels and two partners created the communications consulting and coaching firm, 3D Communications, with offices located across the country.
Personal.
Daniels currently lives in Bethesda, Maryland with her two children. Her former husband, Rick Leventhal, was an on-air reporter for WSVN-TV in Miami and WFLD-TV in Chicago while Daniels was working in those cities. Leventhal now works for Fox News Channel. Her brother is Benjamin Comm of Ashburn, Va.

</doc>
<doc id="20538561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538561" title="Iowa-Grant School District">
Iowa-Grant School District

Iowa-Grant School District is a school district headquartered in Livingston, Wisconsin, and named for the counties in which the district is located. The district encompasses the villages of Cobb, Linden, Livingston, Montfort, Rewey, the town of Mifflin, and the 
unincorporated communities of Edmund, and Arthur. It comprises three schools: an elementary school, a middle school, and a high school. The elementary and middle school are in the same building, which was built in 1991. Iowa-Grant high school was built in 1960.
Across from the current campus is a renovated historical one-room schoolhouse known as Hazel Dell. 
The school colors are red and black. The school song is "Across the Field". The school's mascot is the panther.
Sports.
Iowa-Grant competes in the Southwest Wisconsin Athletic League (SWAL), in Division 5 in football, and in Division 3 in other sports. Prior to the creation of SWAL Iowa-Grant was in the Southern 8 conference. Each year the Iowa-Grant football team plays Fennimore for the "milk can", because both communities have cheese factories. 
Iowa-Grant was conference champion in football in 1974, 1975 (co-champion with Cuba City), 1976, 1977, 1979, 1988, 1993, 2005 (co-champion with Darlington), and 2009 (co-champion with Darlington and Cuba City). The girls' volleyball team was conference champion in 1997 and 1998. The school took the state championship in cross country in 2000 and the wrestling championship in 2004. It was also conference champion in wrestling in 1973 and 2006. The boys' basketball team was state champion in 1981. The golf team was conference champion in 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20538593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538593" title="Bruce Cameron">
Bruce Cameron

Bruce Cameron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20538624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538624" title="Changing the Nation">
Changing the Nation

Changing the Nation was a three-track single released by Jeffries Fan Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20538630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538630" title="The Game">
The Game

The Game may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20538636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538636" title="Middle Cyclone">
Middle Cyclone

Middle Cyclone is the fifth studio album of American alternative country singer-songwriter Neko Case, released on Tuesday, March 3, 2009 on the ANTI- record label. Her first solo effort in three years, Case stated that "it took a very long time to make." As the title of the album suggests, the record's lyrics are permeated with imagery of tornadoes and, more-generally, nature. Thematically "Middle Cyclone" concerns how Case's upbringing socialized her to form strong emotional attachments to nature and animals, to the neglect of human relationships, and her reconciling "the fact that I need love".
"Middle Cyclone" features a variety of guest performers, including M. Ward, Garth Hudson, Sarah Harmer, and members of The New Pornographers, Los Lobos, Calexico, The Sadies, Visqueen, Kurt Heasley of Lilys, and Giant Sand. It also features two prominent covers: "Never Turn Your Back on Mother Earth" by Sparks and "Don't Forget Me" by Harry Nilsson.
"Middle Cyclone" debuted to strong reviews from contemporary mainstream and independent music critics. In particular, Case's voice garnered unanimous praise for its strength, clarity, and emotional range. In December 2009 Case was nominated for two Grammys for her work on "Middle Cyclone": Best Contemporary Folk Album and Best Recording Package (the latter nomination shared with artist Kathleen Judge).
Conception and recording.
The recording of "Middle Cyclone" took place in Tucson, Brooklyn, Toronto, and Vermont. Case herself stated that only the "piano orchestra" sessions were recorded in Vermont and that the rest was recorded using WaveLab in Tucson. At the time, Case was transitioning from living in Tucson to a recently purchased farm in Vermont, where she recorded in a barn on the property. Case described how the barn was retrofitted to suit her musical needs, as well as the "piano orchestra" that appears in three of "Middle Cyclone"'s tracks:
Of the eight pianos that Case rescued, six were playable after two days of tuning by two tuners. One was a broken player piano, which Case decided had the potential to be repurposed.
The open and unconstrained nature of the barn-as-recording studio resulted in several of the tracks on "Middle Cyclone" having elements akin to a field recording. Case asserted that because of the barn "We ended up with robins on the recording and frogs and all kinds of stuff. And with a barn, you just don't have control, which was another element I really liked." "Polar Nettles" features the aforementioned birdsong 39 seconds into the track, as well as a chorus of spring peeper frogs at the track's end. (The latter fortuitous event was recorded on video and published on ANTI-'s YouTube channel.) "Don't Forget Me" contains a gust of wind close to the song's end. The final track, "Marais La Nuit" (French for "Marsh at Night"), is an actual field recording of the environs around a pond on Case's farm. When asked about the track in an interview with "Paste magazine", Case responded "I actually went down to the pond and recorded that myself."
Publicity.
New material from "Middle Cyclone" was first widely publicized when Case performed at Bumbershoot in Seattle, WA on Saturday August 30, 2008 from 1-2:15 pm. In addition to older material such as "Favorite", "Margaret vs. Pauline", and "That Teenage Feeling", the set included four songs from the unreleased album, including "I'm an Animal", "The Pharaohs", "Don't Forget Me", and "Vengeance Is Sleeping". Fan-made video recordings of the songs were posted the next day to YouTube and received widespread attention shortly thereafter in early September when the videos were posted to websites such as Stereogum.
The cover art for "Middle Cyclone" was released in early December 2008. The image of Case, crouched and ready to spring off the hood of her 1967 Mercury Cougar with a sword in hand received enthusiastic responses from Internet-based media. In a news article entitled "Neko Case, Reigning 2009 Album Art Champ", Matthew Solarski of Pitchfork Media, stated "So "Fox Confessor Brings the Flood" had some awfully lovely, subtle artwork. But this? My friends, pictures created to accompany music just don't come any better than this." "Dear God she is wielding a sword" was the subtitle of the article. Images from the sword-and-muscle car photo shoot were also used in advertisements on the ANTI- blog to encourage preordering of "Middle Cyclone".
On December 15, 2008 ANTI- released an electronic press kit for "Middle Cyclone" in the form of a YouTube video. It features selections of an interview with Case, excerpts from several "Middle Cyclone" songs, footage of Case and her band performing the songs, and collage art and animation to bridge segments. The video also provided fans a first listen to parts of "Magpie to the Morning", "This Tornado Loves You", "Middle Cyclone", "Polar Nettles", and "Fever" (in addition to two already featured at Bumbershoot: "Don't Forget Me" and "People Got a Lotta Nerve").
On February 18, the entirety of "Middle Cyclone" was streamed by NPR until the album's release on March 3.
On February 24 the ANTI- blog released a free mp3 of Neko Case's song "Middle Cyclone" to commemorate the one year anniversary of the label's blog. The promotion also included a give-away of four autographed copies of the album, with the fifth winner receiving not only a signed copy of "Middle Cyclone" but also her entire ANTI- catalog: "The Tigers Have Spoken", "Blacklisted" (reissue), "Furnace Room Lullaby" (reissue), "Fox Confessor Brings the Flood" (bonus), and "Fox Confessor Brings the Flood".
"People Got A Lotta Nerve".
The first single from "Middle Cyclone" is "People Got a Lotta Nerve", which initially was released as a free download on January 13, 2009 on the ANTI- blog and the day after on their website. In celebration of Best Friends Animal Society's 25th anniversary in 2009, for every blogger that reposted "People Got a Lotta Nerve" or iLike user who added it to their profile, Neko Case and ANTI- made a cash donation to the charity. The promotion ran from January 13 to February 3, 2009, with five dollars donated per blog post and one per iLike profile-add.
On February 24, "People Got a Lotta Nerve" was featured as a downloadable track in the "Alt Country Pack 01" extension for the video game "Rock Band 2".
Case was interviewed and performed "People Got A Lotta Nerve" live for "QTV" on February 24, accompanied by Paul Rigby on acoustic guitar and Kelly Hogan on backing vocals. On March 4, 2009 Case performed on "The Tonight Show".
On March 20 ANTI- released a music video for "People Got A Lotta Nerve" on both MTV2's early-morning show "Subterranean" and its YouTube channel. The animated video, created by brother/sister team Paul and Julie Morstad, depicts a red-headed schoolgirl - ostensibly Case - who is ejected from a Killer Whale's blowhole onto the grounds of an estate. The red-head witnesses the interactions of a multitude of other girls with animals, but is returned to the belly of the whale when she takes aim at one of the animals with a rifle found in the estate's manor house.
Various types of interactions between humans and animals are presented in the video, including the care, stewardship and play associated with domesticated animals, hunting, animal servitude, and man-eating. Despite the prominent repetition of the lyric "man-eater" the video does not depict men or boys. The schoolgirls' childlike activities (climbing, swinging, walking on stilts, jumping rope, piggy-back riding, pillow fighting, and clapping games) take place near and even on animals such as elephants, greyhounds, tigers, rheas, falcons, and monkeys. Animals are depicted in the video with as much agency as the humans: monkeys read pieces of paper, falcons intervene to prevent the red-head from shooting a monkey, the rhea allows two girls to ride on its back, and the tiger eats the girls brushing him. The video also contains several depictions of Case in the form of a portrait hung in the manor's stairwell and the transposition of one of Case's promotional portraits from "Middle Cyclone" onto the paper one of the monkeys possesses. The black comic scene in which the tiger has eaten his youthful groomers (their shoes and brushes have been left behind as the animal licks its chops) alludes to Case's song "The Tigers Have Spoken", whose lyrics describe a man-eating tiger driven mad by the isolation of captivity and shot on his chain.
Track listing.
All songs written by Neko Case, except where noted.
Critical reception.
The album received largely-positive reviews from critics. NPR praised the songs of "Middle Cyclone" as "heartbreakingly-beautiful and, at times, comical" and praised Case's as "one of the most memorable and seductive voices in music." The New York Times' Daniel Menaker praised her "real richness and body," writing that "She has often been described as a belter, a force of nature, a kind of vocal tornado. So this increased admixture of playfulness, delicacy and orchestral effects strikes you as the kind of variegation that artists — and species — make in order to survive and thrive."
Chart performance.
"Middle Cyclone" debuted at #3 on the "Billboard" charts in its first week of release, making it Case's first album ever to reach the Top Ten in the United States.
"Middle Cyclone" Tour.
The Europe February 2009 Tour, described as "a sneak of the new album", began in Berlin, Germany on Wednesday February 18, 2009 and ended on the 23rd in London England. A second, longer tour of Europe is in the works.
"Middle Cyclone"'s Spring 2009 Tour began at Stubb's BBQ in Austin, TX on March 31, 2009. It then snaked through the Southeast, US east coast, Canada, and Midwest through the end of April. It was expanded to include locales in the Southwest, US west coast, other locales across North America, and eventually expanded to other continents/countries such as Australia. The band Crooked Fingers opened for the majority of Case's Spring 2009 shows.

</doc>
<doc id="20538644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538644" title="Farabeuf's Triangle">
Farabeuf's Triangle

Farabeuf's Triangle is the triangular space in the upper portion of the neck where the bifurcation of the carotid artery can be seen. It is limited: the rear: the jugular vein; internal below and beyond: the facial vein; above and beyond: the hypoglossal nerve. This triangle serves as a reference to locate surgery elements that are in the carotid triangle.
The triangle of Farabeuf is bounded by the internal jugular vein (posterior), common facial vein (anterior-inferior) and hypoglossal nerve (anterior-superior). The jugulodigastric lymph node is commonly found within these boundaries, and drains the pharyngeal tonsil. The triangle had surgical significance in the late 19th century but now serves only for historical interest.

</doc>
<doc id="20538684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538684" title="China (Qingdao) International Textile Machinery Fair (QITMF)">
China (Qingdao) International Textile Machinery Fair (QITMF)

China (Qingdao) International Textile Machinery Fair (QITMF) is a 360 degree textile machinery trade fair. Since its inception in 2000, the fair has provided displays for the textile industry in Shandong Province and throughout the rest of Northern China.
2009 QITMF.
The 2009 show was held in the Qingdao International Conventional Center, Qingdao, PR China between September 15–17, 2009.
Organizers.
China Council for the Promotion of International Trade Shandong Sub-council
Shandong Province Textile Industry Association
China Chamber of International Commerce Shandong Chamber of Commerce
Shandong Province Textile & Garment Association
Qingdao Textile & Garment Association
Qingdao Haiming International Exhibition Co., Ltd
Adsale Exhibition Services Ltd
Co-organizers.
Qingdao Haiming International Exhibition Co., Ltd
Qingdao Textile & Garment Association Exhibition Department
Beijing Yazhan Exhibition Services Ltd
External links.
Show website: http://www.2456.com/QDTEX

</doc>
<doc id="20538700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538700" title="Terry Borcheller">
Terry Borcheller

Terry Borcheller (born March 22, 1966 in Hialeah, Florida) is an American professional racing driver who races in the Grand American Road Racing Association Rolex Sports Car Series and American Le Mans Series.
As a teenager, Borcheller was the World Karting Association national champion in 1983. He began his professional career in the Barber Saab Pro Series in 1991. In 1998 he won the IMSA Speedvision cup in the GS class and the SPEED World Challenge T-1 class championship in a Saleen Mustang. In 2000 he captured the Rolex Sports Car Series GTO class championship in a Saleen Mustang. The following year he drove a Saleen S7R in the American Le Mans Series and won the GTS class championship. The following year he returned to the Rolex series and captured SRP II class honors in a Lola-Nissan. Following the realignment of that series class structure the following year, Borcheller was the champion of that series top class, Daytona Prototype in a Chevrolet powered Doran. The following year he won the 24 Hours of Daytona with teammates Christian Fittipaldi, Forest Barber, and Andy Pilgrim in a Pontiac powered Doran and finished 9th in the championship. He stayed with the Doran team through the 2006 season as the team began to fall behind the teams using the more heavily developed and popular Riley and Crawford chassis.
In 2007 he competed in a handful of races in various levels of Grand Am competition including DP, GT, and Koni Challenge as well as returning to ALMS to race for Team Trans Sport in 11 races in their GT2 class Porsche 911. In 2008 he drove in the 24 Hours of Daytona in the Brumos Porsche then raced full-time in the ALMS in the Bell Motorsports GT1 class Aston Martin DBR9 as well as racing in the 24 Hours of Le Mans in the Team Modena DBR9. He also finished out the Rolex Sports Car Series season in the Autohaus Motorsports GT class Pontiac GXP.R
Borcheller has raced at Le Mans five times with a best finish of 3rd in class in 2001 with the Saleen S7R.
He is an avid participant in Christian motorsports ministries such as Racin' for Jesus. He and his family currently reside in Vero Beach, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20538702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538702" title="Włodawa Synagogue">
Włodawa Synagogue

The Włodawa Synagogue ("Wlodowa Synagogue") in Włodawa, Poland is an architectural complex consisting of two historic synagogues and a Jewish administrative building, now preserved as a museum. The complex includes the Włodawa Great Synagogue of 1764–74, the late 18th century Small Synagogue, and the 1928 community building. It is "one of the best-preserved" synagogues in Poland.
In 1901 Jewish immigrants from Włodawa established a Wlodowa Synagogue in London, England (see below).
Włodawa Great Synagogue.
The Great Synagogue (1764–74) was built to replace a wooden synagogue of 1684. It is a Baroque structure, with a ground floor entrance and a high-ceilinged, second-story sanctuary. The flanking wings give the building a general configuration similar to the palaces and great manor houses of the Polish nobility of the era. The wings held women’s prayer-rooms. Also unusual is the three-tiered copper roof that takes the general form of the unique wooden synagogues of the Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth. The first official inventory of important buildings in Poland, "A General View of the Nature of Ancient Monuments in the Kingdom of Poland," led by Kazimierz Stronczynski in 1844–55, describes the Great Synagogue of Włodawa as one of Poland's architecturally notable buildings. 
The original one-story building was expanded in the nineteenth century. The present building is cross-vaulted with lunettes and nine fields. It is supported by four weight-bearing columns, which surround but do not form part of the bimah. The bimah is a 1936 reproduction of the bimah lost in a fire in 1934. The masonry columns survived the fire. 
The walls and ceilings are molded and painted. Interestingly, they bear both Jewish and Polish motifs. One of the ceiling rosette paintings features the stork, a highly popular symbol of Poland, and the central of the nine ceiling rosettes, in the place of honor over the bimah, is an eagle, which is both a symbol of both Poland and Israel.
Torah Ark.
The Torah Ark is particularly fine. It is a 2004 restoration of the Torah Ark built in 1936, itself reproducing from old photographs the wooden Torah Ark lost to fire in 1934. It is noted for the fine carvings, including carvings of musical instruments, that commemorate the Temple of Solomon. The Ark is three stories high, with windows on the second and third stories. Elaborate carved arks of this kind were not unusual in Polish synagogues; the Wlodawa Ark was regarded as a particularly fine example, but it is unusual mostly because it survives.
At the top of the ark, two Griffins support window openings in the form of symbolic tablets of the Covenant, above this is a "Crown of the Torah," shaped like a royal crown. The carving of the tablets as a window through which the light of the Torah shines is unusual. Below it is another window, a carved image of a Menorah with carved, scrolling openwork surmounted by a quotation from Psalm 5:8: "And in thy fear will I worship toward thy holy Temple." This is surrounded by symbolic references to the ancient Temple service. At the right, priestly hands are carved in a gesture of blessing, on the left there is a basket of fruit representing the Temple offerings. At the first floor level, on both sides of the recess for the scrolls, there are carved musical instruments of which the congregation was particularly proud. These allude to the service of the Levites in the Temple and the quotation from Psalm 150:3-4-5: "Praise him with the sounding of the trumpet, praise him with the harp and lyre, praise him with tambourine and dancing, praise him with the strings and flute, praise him with the clash of cymbals..." The instruments depicted, however, are not ancient in form, but, rather, a distinctly eighteenth-century European style drum, violin, and horn alongside a shofar. There are four Solomonic columns, in the tortile shape believed to have been used in the Temple of Solomon. On the frieze there is a sign in the middle of which the date the new Aron ha-kodesh was built is encrypted: 5696 according to the Jewish calendar, 1936.
During the Nazi occupation of Poland, both synagogues were used as German military storehouses. They became museums in 1983, and restoration work continued through till 1998.
Small synagogue.
The Small synagogue or Beit Medrash of 1782–86 is a well-built, -story, hip-roofed building. It has a women's prayer room above the vestibule. The windows were replaced and some alterations made after the devastation of the First World War. The building bears a plaque commemorating these repairs. The elaborate, polychrome folk paintings on the synagogue walls are reproduced from surviving plaster fragments and old photographs.
In the post-World War II era the small synagogue was used as a garage. In the 1980s it stood as a roofless ruin.
Kahal office building.
The third building in the complex is the Kahal, an administrative building of the Wlodawa Jewish community, built in 1927 or 28. It was continuous use, but was renovated after 1979 and is now the administrative building of the museum. All three buildings hold exhibition rooms that have been used to display both Jewish and non-Jewish exhibits.
History of the Jewish community of Włodawa.
The existence of a Jewish community in Włodawa is first recorded in connection with the Lublin fair of 1531. By 1623 Włodawa had a representative in the Council of the Four Lands. The community's prosperity was due to the granting of a city charter in 1534. For much of the early modern period, a time when the Polish-speaking community of the region was predominately engaged in agriculture, Jews appear to have composed much of the population of the city, engaged in all forms of craft production and trade. The community was devastated by the Chmielnicki massacres of 1648, but afterwards was re-established and rebuilt. By 1765 the town had 630 Jews. In 1693, the town had 197 dwellings, 89 of which were owned by Jewish families. The census of 1773 records Jewish physicians, butchers, millers, barbers, goldsmiths, tailors, furriers, merchants, and carters, in addition to one Jew in each of the trades of coppersmith, cobbler, glazier, chandler, and wheelwright. There were also 8 Jewish schoolmasters, 2 educators, a cantor, a bass player and a cymbal player. There were 2,236 Jews in 1827 and 6,706 in 1907. 
In the late nineteenth century Włodawa had a Jewish-owned steam-powered flour mill, tannery and soap factory. Of the 184 stores in the town, 177 were owned by Jews. Wlodawa's first Zionist organization was formed in 1898, the town also had Bund, Agudath Israel and Poalei Zion organizations. There was a Beis Yaakov school for girls.
The synagogue complex is unusual not only because it escaped destruction by the Nazi occupiers of Poland, and because the entire suite of Jewish communal buildings is intact, but also because, unlike many other former synagogues in Poland that were destroyed, left to decay, or turned to other uses in the Communist era, it was meticulously restored.
No Jews are known to be living in the town today.
Wlodowa Synagogue (London).
The Wlodowa Synagogue was a synagogue in Bethnal Green, London, England. The congregation was established in 1901 by Jews from Włodawa, Poland, and by London Jewish cabinetmakers. The congregation therefore had two names, Wlodowa Synagogue and The United Workingmen's Synagogue. Immigrant synagogues were frequently named after towns of immigrant origin, much as immigrant parishes were frequently named after the patron saint of towns of the immigrants' origin. The congregation's first building was in Spital Square, and the 1910 move to Cheshire Street was concurrent with a merger with the Hare Street Synagogue. Because of the large number of cabinetmakers in the congregation, the interior woodwork of the simple, three-story brick building was said to be particularly beautiful. The synagogue closed in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20538704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538704" title="MimicCreme">
MimicCreme

MimicCreme was a brand of vegan imitation cream based on nuts and made without lactose, soy, or gluten. It was certified as pareve kosher. First produced commercially in January 2007 in Albany, New York, by Green Rabbit LLC, MimicCreme was primarily marketed toward vegans as an alternative to dairy products.
The company website indicates that the company closed in November 2013 due to no longer having access to an appropriate production facility (they are still looking for one)
The product was invented by Rose Anne Colavito, who wanted to create a better tasting, richer non-dairy ice cream. There were seven versions available: unsweetened; sweetened with sugarcane; sugar-free sweetened, which was sweetened with a natural non-sugar sweetener; Unsweetened, French Vanilla and Hazelnut flavored formulated for use as a coffee creamer and a whipping cream called HealthyTop.
MimicCreme was awarded "The Best New Product" in the consumables category at the June 2007 National Association of Chain Drug Stores (NACDS) show in Boston. It also received the "Best in Show" award at the Expo West in 2008 and 2011, a natural product trade show.
It had up to a two-year shelf life and once opened would remain stable in the refrigerator for 14 days.
Three patents have been granted in the United States: Patent Number 7,507,432 was granted on March 24, 2009, Patent Number 7,592,030 was granted on September 22, 2009, and Patent Number 7,776,337 was granted on August 7, 2010. Various international patents have also been granted. 

</doc>
<doc id="20538708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538708" title="Edward Earle Vaile">
Edward Earle Vaile

Edward Earle Vaile (1869–1956) was a real estate agent, farmer, philanthropist, author, railway campaigner and a pioneer of the pumice country - Broadlands, North Island, New Zealand.
Vaile was a very strong advocate for the building of a government railway between Rotorua and Taupo via Waiotapu and Reporoa. From 1911 onwards he led campaigns and lobbied vigorously for many years to have a railway built between Rotorua and Taupo. He formed and led the Rotorua Taupo Railway League and the Reporoa Railway League, and in 1928 published a campaign pamphlet advocating the construction of a railway between Rotorua and Taupo. In 1929 published another campaign pamphlet titled "The truth about the Taupo railway - the story of a great crime" advocating the need for and the numerous benefits such a line would bring, in response to the government stopping the project in that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20538711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538711" title="John Conkey">
John Conkey

John A. Conkey was the owner of the Boston Red Stockings of the National League in . In 1872, Conkey purchased the club from Ivers Whitney Adams. He sold the Red Stockings to Charles Porter in 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="20538716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538716" title="Snow Valley (ski area)">
Snow Valley (ski area)

Snow Valley is a ski resort located in Barrie, Ontario and was established in 1952. Apart from skiing there is Snow tubing and Snow shoeing. There is a half-pipe and a terrain park.
Snow Valley was named "best Ontario hill for kids" by Ski Canada Magazine in 2001. The resort also offers Summer Day Camps.

</doc>
<doc id="20538724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538724" title="Artists for Obama">
Artists for Obama

Artist for Obama was a series of ten limited edition art prints created and donated by various artist in support of the United States President Barack Obama Democratic primary campaign, and 2008 presidential campaign. The prints were official campaign products of the Obama for President campaign, and were sold directly from the Obama for president website, all proceeds were considered campaign contributions.
The 2008 Prints.
The first Artist for Obama print was released in January 2008, and was created by Shepard Fairey and titled "Change" (in the style of his Obama "Hope" poster). It was a limited edition of 5000; it retailed for $70.
"Progress", by Scott Hansen, was the second print released in the Artist for Obama series. It was released in May 2008 and was a limited edition of 5000, it retailed for $70.. The print sold out within a couple days
"Yes We Can", by Antar Dayal, was the third print in the series, it was a limited edition of 5000, and retailed for $70.
"Sea to Shining Sea" by Lou Stoval, was released in October 2008, it was a limited edition of 100, and retailed for $1000.
"Hope" by famed pop artist Robert Indiana, was released in October 2008. It was a limited edition of 150, and retailed for $2500.
"Possible", by Jonathan Hoefler, was released in October 2008, it was a limited edition of 5000, and sold for $70.
"Words of Change", by Gui Borchert, was released in October 2008, it was a limited edition of 5000 and retailed for $70. The poster contains 20,000 words spoken by Obama during the campaign that are arranged in a way that create a portrait of Obama.
"Voz Unida", by Rafael López, was released in October 2008, it was a limited edition of 1000, and retailed for $60.
"Obama 08", by Lance Wyman, was released in October 2008, it was a limited edition of 5000 and retailed for $60.
The final Artist for Obama print was released just days before the 2008 presidential election, it was a limited edition print of 5000 by Shepard Fairey, titled "Vote" the print sold out within hours.
Inuaguration Print.
In January 2009 the Obama inaugural committee released a print produced by Shepard Fairey on behalf of Obama's inauguration. 10,000 prints were produced and the first 1,000 are numbered and signed by Fairey. The signed and numbered prints were sold by the Obama Inaugural Committee for $500, while the unsigned and unnumbered prints were sold for $100.
Reselling of the prints.
Many of the Artist for Obama prints were bought by investors who bought multiple copies of each poster. After the prints sold out, they then subsequently resold the prints usually over ebay at a several hundred percent profit. Immediately after Barack Obama won the 2008 presidential election prices for the prints skyrocketed. The prices have since decreased and stabilized.

</doc>
<doc id="20538755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538755" title="Maguse River">
Maguse River

The Maguse River is located in the Kivalliq Region of northern Canada's territory of Nunavut. It originates at Maguse Lake and flows eastward to northwestern Hudson Bay. At one time, there was a trading post at the mouth of the river.

</doc>
<doc id="20538773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538773" title="Heidelberg-Kirchheim">
Heidelberg-Kirchheim

Kirchheim (literally German for "Churchville") is a southern district town of the city of Heidelberg in north-west Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
History.
First traces of a settlement here derive from vessels found dating back to 3500-1800 BC and Germanic tribes settled here during the early Roman period known as the "neckarsuebische". The town is first mentioned in the year 767 AD as Chirichheim in the Lorsch Codex. It belonged to the Kurpfalz and formed the heart of an administrative unit called Zent. The early medieval village was composed of three fields, where related settlements were combined by the formation of a central church of representatives of the "fraenisch" kingdom. Hence the name Kirchheim.
The village was largely destroyed in the Thirty Years' War and reconstruction efforts were subsequently thwarted when the village was once again burned during the Palatine war of succession. Kirchheim repopulated slowly, with 350 people in 1766 and 2,000 in 1861. The building of a station on the Rhine Valley Railway in 1865 brought industry to the village. In 1920 Kirchheim was annexed to Heidelberg at which point building boomed and the population swelled to 8,000.
Today, Kirchheim has 5 buslines and one tramline. With a population of 15,683 it is on the way to becoming the largest district in Heidelberg.
Neighboring Towns.
The following towns border Kirchheim Leimen, Sandhausen, Rohrbach and Pleikartsfoersterhof which all part of the Rhein-Neckar-Kreis.
Climate.
Kirchheim has an oceanic climate (Köppen climate classification "Cfb"), defined by the protected valley between the Pfälzerwald and the Odenwald. Year-round, the mild temperatures are determined by maritime air masses coming from the west. In comparison to the nearby Upper Rhine Plain, Kirchheim's position in the valley leads to more frequent easterly winds than average. The hillsides of the Odenwald favour clouding and precipitation. The warmest month is July, the coldest is January. Temperatures rising to more than 30°C in midsummer are no rarity. According to the German Meteorological Service, nearby Heidelberg was the warmest place in Germany in 2009.
Demographics.
Although the majority of the population is ethnically German, Kirchheim does have a siginificant immigrant population from Turkey and the Balkans, as well as Italians, Indians, and Americans.
Economy.
Kirchheim is home to many small businesses. This includes shops, bakeries, restaurants, and hotels; as well as the Holiday Inn Heidelberg which is located on the northern part of town across from the SG Kirchheim sport complex. There is also a street car line and the Heidelberg Kirchheim/Rohrbach train station.
Art and Culture.
Hip Hop had a large influence on the cultural development of Kirchheim in the 1980s and 90s. Perhaps because of the presence of the American Forces Network which broadcast rap music to US service members stationed in Europe, youth in Kirchheim emulated the music forming their own rap groups and taking up graffiti art. The Stieber Twins, a rap duo consisting of brothers Martin (Marshall Mar, a.k.a. Martin Jekyll) and Christian (Luxus Chris a.k.a. Christian Hyde) are from Kirchheim; and Painter Crew Kirchheim, a graffiti troupe originating on one of the town's main streets (Schwartzwald Strasse) was known for creating vandalistic artwork on public spaces.
Kirchheim is also home to several restaurants popular throughout the Heidelberg region including Cafe Pizza Europa, Gasthaus zum Golden Rose, and the Goldener Hirsch.
Athletics.
Kirchheim is home to the Heidelberg Sharks of the German Rugby League, as well as two sporting clubs Sportgemeinschaft Heidelberg-Kirchheim (SGK Heidelberg) which is known for its soccer and basketball clubs, and Frien Turner (FT) Kirchheim. There is also a horse riding club, Reit und Fahrverein Heidelberg-Kirchheim e.V., as well as a shooting club Schutzenverein 1906 e.V.
Notable People.
Due to the location of the headquarters United States Army Europe in Heidleberg, Kirchheim was home to many Americans such as foreign policy expert Alberto Lucini.
Photographs.
Wikipedia Commons has photographs of HD-Kirchheim at: 

</doc>
<doc id="20538774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538774" title="Cedar hemlock douglas-fir forest">
Cedar hemlock douglas-fir forest

Cedar hemlock douglas-fir forest is a vegetation association in California, USA. This is one of the Kuchler system forest types used to classify California plant communities. As the name implies, dominant tree types are Incense-cedar, Western Hemlock and Douglas-fir. The forest type is classified FRES20 in the Kuchler system. Understory flora associates include Toyon and Western poison oak.

</doc>
<doc id="20538775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538775" title="Richard Peach">
Richard Peach

Richard Peach (1949–2008) was an Australian Broadcasting Corporation news anchor, and the voice of the Australian speaking clock.
Richard was ABC Gippsland's breakfast announcer and station manager during the early 1990s, and was known to Gippsland audiences before that for his role as presenter on the Victorian regional afternoon program.
Peach died on Sunday, 30 November 2008 in Yogyakarta, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="20538779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538779" title="Phunk Studio">
Phunk Studio

Phunk Studio is a Singapore-based contemporary art and design collective formed by four Singaporean artists/designers: Alvin Tan, Melvin Chee, Jackson Tan, and William Chan. 
Phunk began its life in 1994 when its members were fellow design students at LASALLE College of the Arts.
They blend and reinterpret their influences, such as traditional Chinese mythology, craft, philosophy, and folklore, Hong Kong wuxia, Japanese manga and otaku subculture, Western popular culture, art, and design movements, into creations that reflect their multicultural identity, background, and environment. 
They challenge the conventional notion of the artist and the commercial design studio by blurring the boundaries between both by focussing on new approaches to visual expressions. Their projects span art, design, publishing, fashion, music, film, and interactive media.
Phunk has worked with brands such as Nike, Nokia, MTV, Daimler Chrysler, Comme des Garçons, Levi's, and Tiger Beer. Their work is featured in international publications and awarded in design award shows. One of their artworks, titled "Electricity", was cited in the book "Graphic Design, A New History" as "Instances of truly global graphic design." They were awarded "Designer of the Year" in 2007 at the Singapore President's Design Award, the nation's highest accolade, for their significant achievements and contributions to design.
They have exhibited and lectured around the world. They represented Singapore at the Gwangju Biennale 2005 and the London Design Festival 2006. The Singapore History Museum hosted their 10-year retrospective exhibition, "A Decade of Decadence", in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20538800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538800" title="Thelazia">
Thelazia

Thelazia is a genus of nematode worms which parasitize the eyes and associated tissues of various bird and mammal hosts, including humans. They are often called "eyeworms," and infestation with "Thelazia" species is referred to as "thelaziasis" (occasionally spelled "thelaziosis"). Adults are usually found in the eyelids, tear glands, tear ducts, or the so-called "third eyelid" (nictitating membrane). Occasionally, they are found in the eyeball itself, either under the conjunctiva (the membrane that covers the white part of the eye) or in the vitreous cavity of the eyeball. All species of "Thelazia" for which the life cycle has been studied are transmitted by species of Diptera (flies) which do not bite, but which feed on tears.

</doc>
<doc id="20538803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538803" title="Maruf Khaznadar">
Maruf Khaznadar

Maruf Khaznadar or Marif Xeznedar, (1930–2010), is a contemporary Kurdish academic and writer. He was born in Erbil and received early education in Erbil and Kirkuk. He attended the College of Literature at the University of Baghdad and received his Bachelor degree in Arabic language and literature in 1957. From 1957 to 1959, he was woking as a High school teacher in Kirkuk. In 1960, he was awarded a bursary to continue his studies at the Oriental Institute of Soviet Academy of Sciences in Leningrad and received his PhD in Kurdish literature in 1963. From 1963 to 1968, he worked as research associate at the same institute. In 1969, he began teaching at the Faculty of Literature of University of Baghdad and in 1972 he became head of its Kurdish department and in 1979 he was promoted to the rank of Professor.. From 1970 to 1974, he also served as the editor of Kurdish journals "Defteri Kurdewari" and "Nuseri Kurd". He has published numerous books and articles in Kurdish, Arabic and Russian languages. He died on October 25, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20538805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538805" title="Har Karan Ibn Mathuradas Kamboh Multani">
Har Karan Ibn Mathuradas Kamboh Multani

Har Karan Ibn Mathuradas Kamboh Multani (d 1631) was son of Mathura Das Kamboh and belonged to Multan which was a great center of learning during Mughal reign. Har Karan Kamboh was a great scholar and had deep knowledge of Arabic and Persian languages. His father was also a good poet of Persian language. Har Karan is best known for his book "Insha-i-Har Karan" written in Persian language during the last days of Jahangir and early days of Shah Jahan. 
""One day in the reign of the Emperor Shah Jahan, Har Karan Kamboh had sat at the seat of Empire in the city of Matura (Mathura) in the company of his agreeable companions and chosen friends and devoted himself to improving his skills as Munshi (Secretary)"". And there followed a selection of letters to different classes of people indicating how princes write to princes, diplomatic (firmans, parwanahs), letters between notables and legal documents including certificate for the sale of a slave girl etc. The result was his famous "Insha-i-Har Karan" ("The Form of Har Karan") in Persian language which soon became an established model of excellence. The work was compiled between 1625 AD and 1631 AD. 
"Insha-i-Har Karan" is divided into seven sections and contains models of letters and other documents relating to the State. Furthermore, "Insha-i-Har Karan" was also used as a "model for diplomatic correspondence with the native princes and potentates" by the British in India and also as a model for school children learning Persian-letter writing in the schools. Not much is known about his other works but "Insha-i- Har Karan" was indeed considered an excellent book till British rule. It was translated into English language by Francis Balfour M.D. The second edition of it was printed in England in 1804. 
In the beginning of his book, Har Karan introduces himself as "Faqir Haqir Hechamdan Azhaf Man Abdullah Al-Samad Har Karan Valad Mathuradas Kamboh Multani".
See also.
Kamboj in Muslim and British Era

</doc>
<doc id="20538807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538807" title="Austin Island">
Austin Island

Austin Island is one of several Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada within western Hudson Bay. The closest community is Arviat, to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20538822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538822" title="Charles Porter (baseball)">
Charles Porter (baseball)

Charles H. Porter was the owner of the Boston Red Stockings of the National League from through . In 1873, Porter purchased the club from John Conkey. He sold the Red Stockings to Nicholas Apollonio in 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="20538852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538852" title="Sentry Island">
Sentry Island

Sentry Island (Arvia'juaq) is one of several Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada within western Hudson Bay. The closest community is Arviat, to the west.
The island forms part of the Arvia'juaq and Qikiqtaarjuk National Historic Site and a Paallirmiut Inuit summer camp site.

</doc>
<doc id="20538874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538874" title="Thelazia callipaeda">
Thelazia callipaeda

Thelazia callipaeda is a parasitic nematode, and the most common cause of "thelaziasis" (or "eyeworm" infestation) in humans, dogs and cats. It was first discovered in the eyes of a dog in China in 1910. By 2000, over 250 human cases had been reported in the medical literature.
Hosts.
In addition to humans, cats and dogs, definitive hosts of "T. callipaeda" include the Wolf ("Canis lupus"), Raccoon dog ("Nyctereutes procyonoides"), Red Fox ("Vulpes fulva"), and European Rabbit ("Oryctolagus cuniculus"). This species has been found in China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Korea, the Netherlands, Russia, Switzerland, Taiwan and Thailand.
Two intermediate hosts have been identified so far: "Amiota (Phortica) variegata" (Diptera: Drosophilidae) in Europe and "Phortica okadai" in China, which feed on tears of humans and carnivores. Some data suggests that only the males of "A. (P.) variegata" carry "Thelazia callipaeda" larvae. This is noteworthy because in all other known cases of blood-feeding flies which transmit parasites, the parasites are carried by the females.
Life cycle.
The eggs of "Thelazia callipaeda" develop into first stage larvae (L1), in utero while the female is in the tissues in and around the eye of the definitive host. The female deposits these larvae, which are still enclosed in the egg membranes, in the tears (lacrymal secretions) of the host. When a tear-feeding fly (intermediate host) feeds, it ingests the "T. callipaeda" larvae. Once inside the fly, the L1 larvae "hatch" from the egg membrane and penetrate the gut wall. They remain in the hemocoel (the fly's circulatory system) for 2 days, and then invade either the fat body or testes of the flies. In these tissues, the larvae develop into third stage larvae (L3). The L3 migrates to the head of the fly, and is released in or near the eye of a new host mammal when the fly feeds again. Once in the eye, eyelid, tear glands, or tear ducts of the mammalian host, the L3 larvae develop through the L4 larval stage and into adults in about 1 month. The seasonal timing of L1 and L4 larvae in the lacrymal (tear) secretions of naturally infested dogs in Italy was found to coincide with the activity of the fly vectors.
Symptoms, diagnosis and treatment.
Symptoms of "T. callipaeda" infestation include conjunctivitis, excessive watering (lacrimation), visual impairment, and ulcers or scarring of the cornea. In some cases, the only symptom is the worm obscuring the host's vision as a "floater".
Diagnosis is made by finding the adult worms in the eye or surrounding tissues. Human cases are treated by simply removing the worms. In canines, topical imidacloprid with moxidectin, or milbemycin oxime (Interceptor) have been recommended.

</doc>
<doc id="20538886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538886" title="HNNK Hrvat Chicago">
HNNK Hrvat Chicago

HNNK Hrvat Chicago (aka Chicago Croatians) is a Croatian backed soccer club from Chicago, Illinois. The club currently competes in the National Soccer League of Chicago, the premier semi-professional soccer competition in Illinois. 
The club was founded in the 1950s and is historically the most successful Croatian club in the USA, though it has been overshadowed over the past few decades by another Croatian side from Chicago, RWB Adria. The height of Hrvat’s success came in the 1970s and 1980s where they were one of the strongest state league clubs in the United States, making the final of the prestigious National Challenge Cup on three occasions. HNNK also sports a youth program U7 through U10 building the Croatian soccer community. 

</doc>
<doc id="20538889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538889" title="Manufacture d'armes de Bayonne">
Manufacture d'armes de Bayonne

Manufacture d'armes de Bayonne (sometimes also called Manufacture d’Armes Automatiques de Bayonne) was a French pistol manufacturer. The company was founded by Léon Barthe in 1920. It survived the German occupation during World War II, and after several changes in ownership wound up being a subsidiary of Fabrique Nationale of Herstal sometime in the 1970s. 
MAB made parts for FN under their ownership, but eventually was forced to close in September 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20538890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538890" title="Nicholas Apollonio">
Nicholas Apollonio

Nicholas T. Apollonio (born in 1843) was the owner of the Boston Red Stockings/Red Caps of the National League from through . In 1874, Apollonio purchased the club from Charles Porter. He sold the Red Stockings to Arthur Soden in 1876.

</doc>
