<doc id="20161359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161359" title="Tee language">
Tee language

Tẹẹ, or Tai, is the language of the Tai tribe of the Ogoni nation of Nigeria. It is to a limited degree mutually intelligible with Khana, the main Ogoni language, but its speakers consider it to be a separate language.
Phonology.
The Tẹẹ () sound system is typical of an Ogoni language and identical to that of Khana, with the exception of four or five voiceless sonorants not found in that language. The voiceless "w" is also found in other Ogoni languages, and voiceless "j" and "l" are also found in other languages of Nigeria.
Tẹẹ has three tones, , , and . There are seven oral vowels, , and five nasal vowels, . All may occur long or short. The consonants are as follows:
A glottal stop appears before any otherwise vowel-initial stem. The alveolar consonants are apical.
Tẹẹ includes a rather unusual series of voiceless sonorants. The voiceless palatal sounds rather like the voiceless palatal fricative , but is not as noisy (that is, there is not much random-frequency noise in its sound spectrum). Similarly, is a voiceless approximant, not a voiceless fricative . The voiceless bilabial nasal, , is only known to occur in one word, (an unidentified abdominal organ), and then only for some speakers. All of the voiceless sonorants are actually voiced during the second half of their enunciation. That is, is pronounced However, they are considerably shorter than their voiced homologues, and hence cannot be considered /hC/ sequences with an otherwise unattested consonant .

</doc>
<doc id="20161388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161388" title="Joe Ferris">
Joe Ferris

Joe Ferris was an American college baseball pitcher who won the 1964 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a sophomore at University of Maine. He is the only player from University of Maine to win that award.
He was inducted into the University of Maine Hall of Fame in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20161402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161402" title="Brdo, Domžale">
Brdo, Domžale

Brdo is a settlement in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20161404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161404" title="GameZombie">
GameZombie

GameZombie TV is a web series that produces original video game shows. GameZombie was the recipient of a Webby Honoree Award for Online Video in 2008 and 2009, a Davey Award, a Webby Award, and a People's Voice Webby Award in 2010, and nominated a finalist for Best Web Video at the 4th Annual Mashable Awards. The student-run game media studio, based out of the University of Wisconsin at Whitewater and Indiana University at Bloomington, has amassed one of the most complete video game developer interview series on the web. GameZombie has created upwards of 450 videos for online distribution. GameZombie's videos have amassed over 8,000,000 unique, aggregate views since the company's first video went online in March 2007. GameZombie TV's constructivist, project-based learning environment is a finalist for the MacArthur Foundation's 4th Annual Digital Media and Learning Competition 
History.
GameZombie was started by Spencer Striker in March 2007 while he was a graduate student in Indiana University’s Masters in Immersive Mediated Environments program. When based in Bloomington, Indiana, GameZombie became the city's largest employer of student interns. Around 50 to 60 students between the two universities take GameZombie for academic credit each semester in order to gain experience in a multimedia studio.
Original Video Series.
Developer Interview Series.
GameZombie’s video game developer interview series includes over 200 video interviews with notable game developers, video game personalities, and makers of gaming peripherals. 
GameZombie's annual gaming conference coverage includes the Electronic Entertainment Expo, the Game Developers Conference, the Penny Arcade Expo, Gen Con, Comic-Con, and the World Series of Video Games. Series interviews include: Peter Molyneux of 'Fable 2,' Ed Boon of 'MK vs DC,' Todd Howard of 'Fallout 3,' Ben Mattes of 'Prince of Persia,' Cliff Bleszinski of 'Gears of War 2,' Eric Holmes of 'Prototype,' Clint Hocking of 'Far Cry 2,' Evan Wells of 'Uncharted 2,' Neill Glancy of 'Stranglehold,' Chuck Beaver of 'Dead Space,' Fatal1ty (pro gamer), The Angry Video Game Nerd (gaming critic), Geoff Keighley (gaming host), Al Alcorn (co-creator of Pong), Ralph Baer ('inventor' of video games), Tommy Tallarico of 'Video Games Live,' and Jane McGonigal of 'I Love Bees.'
ButtonMashers.
ButtonMashers, a live studio production, was shot in a $2.5 million HDTV studio at Indiana University. 
Ultimate Challenge.
GameZombie's 'Ultimate Challenge' is a motion graphics based original web series where three college aged gamers get trapped inside a fictional NES game. Over the course of six episodes the main characters encounter slime monsters, princesses, and boss battles.

</doc>
<doc id="20161411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161411" title="Honji suijaku">
Honji suijaku

The term in Japanese religious terminology refers to a theory widely accepted until the Meiji period according to which Indian Buddhist deities choose to appear in Japan as native "kami" in order to more easily convert and save the Japanese. The theory states that some "kami" (but not all) are in fact just local manifestations (the , literally, a "trace") of Buddhist deities, (the , literally, "original ground"). The two entities form an indivisible whole called "gongen" and in theory should have equal standing, but in history this was not always the case. In the early Nara period, for example, the "honji" was considered more important, and only later did the two come to be regarded as equals. During the late Kamakura period it was even proposed that the "kami" were the original deities, and the buddhas their manifestations (see the "Inverted honji suijaku " section below).
The theory was never systematized, but was nonetheless very pervasive and very influential. It is considered the keystone of the shinbutsu-shūgō (harmonization of Buddhist deities and Japanese "kami") edifice.
History.
The expression was originally developed in China and used by Tendai Buddhists to distinguish an absolute truth from its historical manifestation, for example the eternal Buddha from the historical Buddha, or the absolute Dharma from its actual, historical forms, the first being the "honji", the second the "suijaku". The term makes its first appearance with this meaning in the "Eizan Daishiden", a text believed to have been written in 825. The "honji suijaku" theory proper later applied it to buddhas and "kami", with its first use within this context dated to 901, when the author of the "Sandai Jutsuroku" says that "mahasattvas (buddhas and bodhisattvas) manifest themselves at times as kings and at times as "kami"." The dichotomy was applied to deities only in Japan and not, for example, in China.
A different but equivalent explanation of the idea that Buddhist deities choose not to show themselves as they are, but manifest themselves as "kami" was expressed in a poetic form with the expression , which meant that to assist sentient beings, deities "dimmed their radiance and became identical to the dust of the profane world". Their brightness would otherwise be such to destroy mere mortals.
In the 10th and 11th centuries there are numerous examples of Buddhist deities and "kami" pairings, and the deities are usually Kannon, Yakushi, Amida or Shaka Nyorai. The association between them was usually made after a dream or revelation made to a famous monk, later recorded in a temple's or shrine's records. By then, "kami" in Japan were universally understood to be the form taken by buddhas to save human beings, that is, local manifestations of universal buddhas. Around the beginning of the Kamakura period the pairings had become solidly codified in large temples or shrines. The frequency of the practice is attested by the , or "Hanging buddhas" found in many large shrines, metal mirrors which carry in the front the effigy of the shrine's "kami", and on the rear the relative Buddhist deity. The name is due to the fact that they are usually hanged from a shrine's outer wall.
As the theory gradually spread around the country, the concept of "gongen" ("provisional manifestation", defined as a Buddha that chooses to appear to the Japanese as a "kami") evolved. One of the first examples of "gongen" is Hie's famous . Under the influence of Tendai Buddhism and Shugendō, the "gongen" concept was also adapted for example to religious beliefs tied to Mount Iwaki, a volcano, so that female "kami" Kuniyasutamahime became associated with Jūichimen Kannon Bosatsu (eleven-faced Kannon), "kami" Ōkuninushi with Yakushi Nyorai, and Kunitokotachi no Mikoto with Amida Nyorai.
Practice.
The "honji suijaku" paradigm remained a defining feature of Japanese religious life up to the end of the Edo period, and its use was not confined to just deities, but was often extended even to historical figures as Kūkai and Shōtoku Taishi. It was claimed that these particular human beings were manifestations of "kami", which in turn were manifestations of buddhas. Sometimes the deity involved was not Buddhist. This could happen because the theory was never formalized, and always consisted of separate events usually based on a temple or shrine's particular beliefs. Nothing was fixed: a deity could be identified both as a "honji" and a "suijaku" in different parts of the same shrine, and different identifications could be believed to be true at the same time and place. The religious situation during the Middle Ages was therefore confused and confusing, and historians have consequently tried to concentrate on the reformers of that age with a clear way philosophy and little interest in "kami" questions because they are easier to understand. The theory was ultimately beneficial to the "kami", which went from being considered unilluminated outsiders to actual forms assumed by important deities. The ultimate expression of this shift is Ryōbu Shintō, in which Buddhist deities and "kami" are indivisible and equivalent like the two sides of a coin.
The use of the "honji suijaku" paradigm was not limited to religion, but to the contrary had important consequences for society in general, culture, art and even economy. Buddhism for example proscribed fishing, hunting and even agriculture because they involved the killing of living beings (insects, moles and the like in the case of farming), but the "honji suijaku" concept permitted to void the prohibition. If one fished for himself, the reasoning went, he was guilty and should go to hell, however, if the catch was offered to a "kami" that was a known emanation of a buddha, the gesture had an obvious karmic value, and was permissible. The idea allowed the forbidding of individual, and therefore uncontrolled, economic activity. Applied as it was to all major economic activities, this interpretation of "honji suijaku" allowed a thorough control of population dissent.
How important the concept was can be understood also from how the idea that some local phenomenon may be somehow linked to an absolute and sacred object found extensive application in the medieval and early modern periods. It was used for example to say that temple lands in Japan were local emanations of Buddhist paradises, or that an artisan's work was one with the sacred actions of an Indian buddha,such as Nevin Koshy.
Art.
The , or "Hachiman in priestly attire" is one of the most popular syncretic deities. The "kami" is shown dressed as a Buddhist priest and is considered the protector of people in general and warriors in particular. From the 8th century on, Hachiman was called "Hachiman Daibosatsu", or Great Bodhisattva Hachiman. The fact he is dressed like a Buddhist priest is probably meant to indicate the sincerity of his conversion to Buddhism. By the 13th century, other "kami" would also be portrayed in Buddhist robes.
Shintōshū.
The Shintōshū is a book in ten volumes believed to date from the Nanboku-chō period (1336–1392). It illustrates with tales about various shrines the "honji suijaku" theory. The common point of the tales is that, before reincarnating as tutelary "kami" of an area, a soul has first to be born and suffer there as a human being. The suffering is mostly caused by relationships with relatives, especially wives or husbands.
The book had great influence over literature and the arts.
Inversion.
The dominant interpretation of the buddha-"kami" relationship came to be questioned by what modern scholars call the or paradigm, a theology that reversed the original theory and gave the most importance to the "kami". Supporters of the theory believed that, while those who have achieved buddhahood have acquired enlightenment, a "kami" shines of his own light. The doctrine was first developed once again by Tendai monks, and its first full formulation is attributed to Jihen, a monk tied to the great Ise shrine who was most active around 1340. In the first fascicle of the "Kuji hongi gengi" he argued that, in the beginning, Japan had only "kami", and that only later did buddhas take over. He believed that for this reason there had been a decadence in the country's morals, but that a world where "kami" dominated would soon reappear. In the fifth fascicle of the same work, he compared Japan to a seed, China to a branch and India to a flower or fruit. Just like flowers that fall and return to the roots, India had come back to its roots, the "kami" were the "honji" and the buddhas their manifestations. Yoshida Kanetomo was influenced by these ideas and brought them further, making a clean break with the past, becoming the creator of Yoshida Shintō and bringing inverted "honji suijaku" to maturation.
While it is usually claimed that inverted "honji suijaku" was a reaction of native cults to the dominance of Buddhism, it also came out of Buddhist intellectualism. The theory is not "per se" anti-Buddhist and does not question the existence of buddhas, but simply seeks to invert the established order of importance between "kami" and buddhas. Why Buddhist should develop such a theory to the detriment of their own divinities is unclear, but it is possible that it was developed by shrine monks, or "shasō", who took care of the shrine part of temple-shrine complexes to enhance their status.

</doc>
<doc id="20161431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161431" title="Brezje pri Dobu">
Brezje pri Dobu

Brezje pri Dobu () is a settlement in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Brezje" to "Brezje pri Dobu" in 1953. In the 19th century the German name was "Bresje".

</doc>
<doc id="20161438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161438" title="Film gris">
Film gris

Film gris (French for "grey film"), a term coined by Thom Andersen, is a type of film noir which categorizes a unique series of films that were released between 1947 and 1951. They came in the context of the first wave of the communist investigations of the House Un-American Activities Committee.
Thematic elements.
Films gris offer a leftist criticism of society in general, and of capitalism in particular. They typically examine such themes as the psychological damages of class, the false promises of middle class happiness, and the pitfalls of materialism.
Distinction from film noir.
Film gris differs from film noir in some of the following ways:
List of films gris.
Andersen identifies the following as "films gris":

</doc>
<doc id="20161444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161444" title="One Roxas Triangle">
One Roxas Triangle

The One Roxas Triangle, also known as the One Roxas Triangle Tower 1 or Roxas Triangle Tower One, is a residential condominium skyscraper located in Makati City, Philippines. It is owned by Roxas Land Corp., and was developed by the combined efforts of Ayala Land, Inc., Hongkong Land, Inc. and Bank of the Philippine Islands. It stands at 174.3 metres (571.85 feet), it is currently the 8th-tallest "complete" building in Makati City, and the 15th tallest "complete building" in the Philippines. 
One Roxas Triangle is planned to be a 2-tower complex, and the current tower is the 1st tower. Plans to build the second tower was temporarily shelved, and no schedule is released regarding its construction. 
The Project Team.
The One Roxas Triangle was designed by international architectural firm Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, LLP in cooperation with local architectural firm Pimentel Rodriguez Simbulan & Partners; while the structural design was provided by international engineering company Skilling Ward Magnusson Barkshire Inc. in cooperation with renowned local engineering firm Aromin & Sy + Associates. Construction management works were provided by TCGI Engineers, quantity surveying works by Davis, Langdon and Seah Philippines, and the general contractor is D.M. Consunji, Inc. 
Members of the engineering and design team are Flack & Kurtz Consulting Engineers, LLP in cooperation with DCCD Engineering Corp. (Mechanical and Electrical Works); N.B. Franco Consulting Engineers (Sanitary and Fire Protection Works); Belt Collins (HK) Ltd. (Landscape Architecture); Shen Milson & Wilke (Acoustic Design); Control Risks Pacific Pty. Ltd. (Security Services); and Paul Lau (Feng Shui consultancy).

</doc>
<doc id="20161452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161452" title="Armando Chacón">
Armando Chacón

Armando Chacón (born 7 August 1914- died ) is a former Salvadoran football player and manager.
Club career.
Nicknamed "El Tamarindo", he was one of the first Salvadoran players to play abroad, playing for Universidad Católica in Chile. He also played club football for the now defunct C.D. 33 in the Salvadoran first division winning the 1937 and 1938 league titles with them.
Manager career.
After retiring as a player Chacón became a coach, he was the first ever coach of Salvadoran powerhouse club C.D. FAS and also coached C.D. Dragón.
He went on to win a title with Once Municipal in the 1948/1949 season, the club's first title and up until 2006 their only one.
Honours.
International

</doc>
<doc id="20161466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161466" title="The Spy Next Door">
The Spy Next Door

The Spy Next Door is a 2010 American spy comedy family film directed by Brian Levant, and starring Jackie Chan, Amber Valletta, Madeline Carroll, Will Shadley, Alina Foley, Billy Ray Cyrus and George Lopez. Filming started in late October 2008 in New Mexico and was finished in late December 2008. The film was released on January 15, 2010 in the United States. The film was released on DVD, and Blu-ray on May 18, 2010. The film tributes Chan's films by showing clips, references and even referencing Chan's real life childhood.
Plot.
Bob Ho (Jackie Chan) is a CIA undercover agent who decides to retire after moving next to the beautiful Gillian (Amber Valletta) who has three children from previous relationships. Bob and Gillian then start dating but Bob feels he should tell Gillian about his job. Gillian then goes to visit her father in the hospital and leaves Bob to take care of her kids (Madeline Carroll, Will Shadley and Alina Foley). Bob takes the children shopping for clothes for Halloween. The problems start when one of the youngsters accidentally downloads a file for a top-secret formula on his computer. They are then threatened by a Russian terrorist and Bob's archenemy Anton Poldark (Magnús Scheving). This forces Bob to combine the roles of spy and prospective stepfather in the biggest challenge that he has faced in his career. 
Bob asks Colton James (Billy Ray Cyrus), his spy partner, to help him, but he's not sure he can trust Colton. Bob and his children have a meal in a Chinese restaurant when a teenage henchmen of Poldark, Larry (Lucas Till), tries to stab Bob with a cook's knife, but is overpowered and knocked out, smashing through a restaurant window in the fight. In addition, Bob learns that his boss, Glaze (George Lopez), is actually working for Poldark and the Russians when he pulls a gun at Bob to force him to hand over the file stored on an iPod, but is knocked out. And worse, the situation is further complicated when Gillian learns the truth about Bob that he is a spy and dumps him. 
Bob heads to a former steel manufacturing factory to confront and defeat the terrorists but Ian and Farren follow him and they all get tied up and are about to get tortured when Bob escapes, fights and overpowers some of the terrorists, knocking them out. They go to Gillian's house where the terrorists arrive a few minutes later and begin fighting Bob, trying to kill him and get the iPod containing the file, destroying some appliances and furniture in the process. The children also use Bob's secret weapons to defeat some of the terrorists, including one of the girls dropping a TV on Larry's head, knocking him unconscious. Shortly after, the terrorists are arrested. Sometime later Bob proposes to Gillian and she accepts. On their wedding day Bob and Gillian are reciting their vows when Bob then tells Gillian his name isn't Bob. She laughs and says it’s okay. Gillian accepts Bob and they share a kiss.
Release.
Box office.
In its first weekend, in the US, "The Spy Next Door" made $9,726,056 in 2,924 theaters, opening at #6. It grossed $12,877,043 over the four-day period, ranking #5 on that term. The film has grossed $45,082,365 to date on a $28 million budget which, despite the response from critics, makes it a minor commercial success.
Critical reception.
"The Spy Next Door" is generally panned by critics.
It holds a "Rotten" 12% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 89 reviews with an average score of 3.5/10.
On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating of 0–100 top reviews from mainstream critics, it holds an average score of 27 based on 21 reviews. Most film critics targeted the film for "lacking a script" such as Michael Phillips of "The Chicago Tribune" for being ""True Lies" without the striptease or the Arab-maiming" and Kyle Smith of "The New York Post" who also claimed the film is "ripping off "True Lies"."
Lael Loewenstein of "Variety" gave the film a negative review saying the film's "cartoonish jokes and misfired gags are likely to elicit more eye rolls than laughs." Daniel Eagan of "The Hollywood Reporter" also disliked the film saying most of the film is "pretty tired stuff from "Pacifier"-style slapstick to comic relief delivered by, of all people" and that Chan "seems stiff" and "clad in unattractive clothes and forced into dumbed-down situations."
David Stratton of "At the Movies" dismissed the film calling it "a sad viewing experience". He added "The woeful screenplay, the mundane direction, by Brian Levant, and the indifferent acting all combine to sink a stupid plot which should never have got off the ground." Carrie Rickey of "The Philadelphia Inquirer" gave the film 2½ stars. Rickey, giving the film the benefit of the doubt, wrote "The plot may be forgettable, but the execution is frantic and funny. "The Spy Next Door" is a movie that will bring smiles to kids – and their grandparents."
Home media.
"The Spy Next Door" was released on DVD and Blu-ray on May 18, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20161467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161467" title="Malcolm F. Marsh">
Malcolm F. Marsh

Malcolm Francis Marsh (born September 24, 1928) is an American attorney and jurist from the state of Oregon. He is currently a senior federal district court judge in Portland, Oregon, for the United States District Court for the District of Oregon. A native of Oregon, he served as an active judge for eleven years and previously was in private legal practice in Salem.
Early life.
Malcolm Marsh was born in Portland, Oregon, in 1928, the son of lawyer Francis Marsh. His father’s twin brother was Eugene E. Marsh, onetime Speaker of the Oregon House of Representatives and President of the Oregon State Senate. Both brothers served as president of the Oregon State Bar. The family moved to McMinnville southwest of Portland in 1935. In 1946, he joined the United States Army and served as a corporal in Japan until discharge in 1947.
After returning to Oregon, he enrolled at the University of Oregon in Eugene where he graduated with a bachelor of science degree in 1951. Marsh then attended the law school at the university, and graduated in 1954 with a bachelor of laws degree. In 1953, he married the former Shari Long, and they would have three children. After graduating from law school, Marsh entered private practice in McMinnville, working for his father. Later in 1954 he moved to Salem where he partnered with Ned Clark and specialized as a trial attorney in products liability. He was inducted into the American College of Trial Lawyers in 1979. In 1983, he was named Salem’s First Citizen.
Legal career.
While in Salem he became friends with later U.S. Senator Mark Hatfield in the 1950s, and remained in private practice in the city until 1987. The friendship with Hatfield helped lead to President Ronald Reagan nominating Marsh for a judgeship on Oregon’s federal court in 1987 after Edward Leavy moved to the Ninth Circuit. Nominated on February 2, he was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 20 and received his commission on March 24, 1987, for the Portland based court.
Marsh oversaw the legal proceedings by the federal government against the State of Oregon over the Fairview Training Center in Salem in the late 1980s. In 1989 and 1990 he presided over two lawsuits by the NBA against the Oregon Lottery over the lottery’s Sports Action games. He also was the judge in several legal proceedings in the late 1980s and early 1990s over logging on federal lands.
In February 1992, the Oregon Republican Party sued the Oregon Secretary of State to force all Oregon Senate seats to be contested in the 1992 election following redistricting from the 1990 Census. Marsh heard the case and ruled for the state, saying the state did not need to hold all the elections in one year and could retain the staggered system. Later in 1992, he presided over the lawsuit against the Vernonia School District for the district’s random drug testing policy. In the case, Marsh ruled the testing policy was constitutional, but was overturned by the United States Circuit Court for the Ninth Circuit, which in turn was overturned on appeal by the Supreme Court.
Over several years Marsh presided over several cases concerning salmon. This included later oversight of the Sohappy v. Smith case concerning tribal rights to salmon runs in the Pacific Northwest. He also heard the first challenges to the dams on the Columbia River under the Endangered Species Act after some salmon runs were listed as endangered.
Marsh presided over the 1995 trial of several former followers of the Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh after their failed assassination plot against U.S. Attorney for Oregon Charles H. Turner. Turner had investigated the Rajneeshee’s and their activities including their bioterror attack. At trial two Rajneeshees were found guilty in the plot and Marsh sentenced them to five years in prison. He later sentenced another conspirator to five years of probation for their role in the plot.
Marsh was the main person from the judiciary involved with the design of the new Mark O. Hatfield United States Courthouse. He worked with the General Services Administration to design the 16-story, and nearly $130 million building to ensure adequate space for 30 years. In 1997, he oversaw the move of the court to the new Hatfield Courthouse. On April 16, 1998, Marsh became a senior judge for the court.

</doc>
<doc id="20161491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161491" title="Boutmy">
Boutmy

Boutmy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20161499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161499" title="David Matthews (author)">
David Matthews (author)

David Matthews (born November 8, 1967) is an American author of Jewish and African American descent. His memoir "Ace of Spades" recounts growing up in the inner city of Baltimore, Maryland as a biracial child who could pass for white. He has also written numerous articles for magazines and online publications on politics and racial identity.
Matthews' Jewish mother was schizophrenic and left his father when Matthews was only a few months old. As a result, Matthews was raised by his father, an African American journalist who counted Malcolm X and James Baldwin among his friends. The Matthews family lived in the Maryland suburbs of Washington, D.C., but in 1977 moved next to the segregated Bolton Hill area of Baltimore, a tiny enclave of rich, white families, which was surrounded by the primarily black ghetto of west Baltimore. He describes himself as not initially fitting in with either the black or white children in his public elementary school, sparking his decision to "pass" as white. Matthews attended Baltimore City College High School where he attempted to "pass" as not only white, but Jewish. Lacking any cultural knowledge of Jewish life, Matthews was not accepted as a Jew and continued to search for an identity. Matthews' first book, "Ace of Spades" details this search, and is presented in a somewhat acerbic coming-of-age literary style.
Matthews currently resides in New York City.
Published Work.
He is the author of two non-fiction books. His first, "Ace of Spades", is an autobiographical memoir. His second, "Kicking Ass and Saving Souls" follows the adventurous life of Stefan Templeton.
His work has appeared in The New York Times, Salon, The Huffington Post, and he has contributed to "The Autobiographers Handbook". He has also written the introduction for the Paris Review edition of The Catcher in the Rye.
Film and Television.
Matthews has been a Staff Writer for ' and the Story Editor for ', and is currently Executive Story Editor for Season 4 of HBO's Boardwalk Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="20161502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161502" title="Češenik">
Češenik

Češenik (in older sources and locally: "Čemšenik", ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20161506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161506" title="Hugh Pitcairn">
Hugh Pitcairn

Hugh Pitcairn (August 16, 1845 – July 19, 1911) served as the first United States consul general to Hamburg, German Empire from 1903 to 1908. He was the brother of Pennsylvania railroad magnate Robert Pitcairn and industrialist John Pitcairn.
Early life.
Pitcairn was born in Johnstone, Renfrewshire, Scotland to parents John Pitcairn, Sr. (1803–1884) and Agnes McEwan. He was one of six children resulting from the marriage, and also had two older half-siblings from his father's first marriage.
In 1846, he emigrated with his family to Allegheny, Pennsylvania, where his uncle, Alexander Pitcairn, had started a woolens business.
He received a public school education in Allegheny and Altoona, Pennsylvania. He began his career in the railroad service, and held a series of executive positions in the field: first as superintendent of the Susquehanna Division of the Northern Central Railway, in 1866; then as superintendent of the Lehigh and Susquehanna Railroad in 1868, next as superintendent of the Evansville, Henderson and Nashville Railroad in 1870, and finally, as superintendent of the Pittsburg, Cincinnati and St. Louis Railway from 1872 to 1875.
Pitcairn then went back to school to study medicine, and following graduation from Hahnemann Medical College of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1880, spent two years in post graduate study at the Universities of Berlin and Vienna. He then practiced medicine in Harrisburg from 1880 to 1897.
In 1875, Pitcairn purchased a half interest the Altoona Tribune, a Pennsylvania daily newspaper. He was to retain this share until his death.
Political career.
A Republican, Pitcairn was quite active in local and state politics. On July 28, 1897, he was appointed by President William McKinley to the post of consul to Hamburg. He was promoted by President Theodore Roosevelt to the post of consul general on January 5, 1903, and confirmed by the U.S. Senate on February 12, 1903. He was the first person to hold this post for Hamburg. He retired from the consulate in November, 1908, to the reported regret of the citizens of Hamburg, in order to devote his full attention to the practice of medicine and his duties as partial owner of the Altoona Tribune.
Later life and death.
Pitcairn died in Hamburg, on July 19, 1911. He was survived by his wife and five children.

</doc>
<doc id="20161572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161572" title="State by State">
State by State

State by State: A Panoramic Portrait of America is a collection of pieces about the United States of America, with one essay on each of the fifty states. It was conceived of and edited by Matt Weiland and Sean Wilsey.
Background.
Weiland and Wilsey stated that they were inspired by the Federal Writers Project of the 1930s, in which the US government helped to create jobs by sending writers across the country and commissioning pieces on their sights and experiences. The two previously edited "Thinking Fan's Guide to the World Cup", in which they commissioned 32 authors to write pieces on the 32 countries competing in the 2006 World Cup; they decided a similar approach could be taken with the United States. 
Both Weiland and Wilsey decided that they wanted a mixture of approaches for the collection; while several well-known authors (e.g., Ha Jin, Jhumpa Lahiri, Dave Eggers) were included, they deliberately avoided certain authors that were closely associated with a particular state - for instance, Garrison Keillor with Minnesota, or Carl Hiaasen with Florida. The collection has a mix of familiarity, with some authors writing about places in which they have lived their entire lives, while others visited the state for the first time.
Essays.
Afterword: Washington, D.C. - A Conversation with Edward P. Jones

</doc>
<doc id="20161581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161581" title="List of operas by Ponchielli">
List of operas by Ponchielli

This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian composer Amilcare Ponchielli (1834–1886).

</doc>
<doc id="20161588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161588" title="Laxminarayan Institute of Technology">
Laxminarayan Institute of Technology

Laxminarayan Institute of Technology (LIT) is a government aided institute of higher education in the field of chemical engineering and technology in Nagpur, India, established in 1942. It is one of the oldest engineering college for Chemical Engineering in Maharashtra.
Similar to the other institutes of technology in India, LIT offers courses after the 10+2 level (Bachelors: B.Tech.) and Post Graduation courses like M.Tech. and Ph.D. 
Notable Alumni
Ashok N. Bhaskarwar Head of Dept of Chemical Engineering, IIT, Delhi
V Sapkal Vice Chancellor, Nagpur University
History.
The Institute is the only Engineering college directly managed by the Nagpur University. The Institute land was donated by Rao Bahadur D. Laxminarayan on which both the Institute and Nagpur University is located. The college started in early 1940s with two year diploma.
Laxminarayan Institute of Technology which was founded in 1942 owes its existence to the munificent donation of the Late Rao Bahadur D. Laxminarayan of Kamptee who by sheer hard work and in spite of many difficulties, not only amassed a considerable fortune, but became a prominent figure in the public affairs of the Province. During his lifetime, it must have occurred to him that the backwardness of the Province was in a large measure due to the lack of higher training and research in Technology. His work brought him into contact with problems which required the aid of Technologists for their solution, and in order that this want should not stand in the way of progress, he bequeathed the main part of his property, then estimated at Rs.35,20,540/- to the Nagpur University by his Will dated 3 May 1930, for the purpose of "Teaching of Applied Science and Chemistry". For this a Committee was appointed by Nagpur University on 6 February 1932, known as the "Bequest Scheme Committee", which consisted of eminent men of Science, Industry and Public Affairs drawn from all over India. This committee with Sir M.B. Niyogi, Vice-Chancellor as Chairman recommended to establish an Institute of Technology for teaching Industrial Chemistry with particular emphasis on the application of Science to the industrial development of the province, then known as Central Provinces and Berar. 
In the year 1934, the scheme was prepared for starting a two years' B.Sc. (Tech) course. The present site of 78.04 acres for the Institute was selected in the year 1936 by Late Sir Harisingh Gour who had a vision which anticipated the future requirement of a developing Institution. In the year 1937, the University appointed Dr. R.S. Thakur as Officer-on-Special Duty to look after the work of Building, Equipments, etc. for the Laxminarayan Institute of Technology.
The Institute started functioning with seven admissions for a two-year B.Sc. (Tech) course with Chemical Engineering, Chemical Technology and Oil Technology as subjects on 1 August 1942 with Dr. S.A. Saletore, Professor of Organic Chemistry (Applied) as Director-in-Charge. It was officially inaugurated during the regime of Dr. T. J. Kedar, Vice-Chancellor, on 9 January 1943, by the Hon'ble Shri. N.R. Sirkar, Commerce Member, GOI.
The development during 1942 to 1947 was not very note worthy because of the World War. However, the student population increased to 34 and 11 members of the staff were appointed.
The year 1945 marks the beginning of new phase in the growth of the Institute. In order to accelerate the development of the Institute the Executive Committee of the Nagpur University at its meeting held on 28 July 1945, appointed Dr. R. B. Forster, then Head of the Department of Chemical Technology of the University of Bombay as Director of the Institute. Dr. Ing. H. G. Kayser took over as the Director in 1950. From the experience gained during the years, the courses of studies have been revised to provide for more intensive specializations.
In 1951, Dr. P. S. Mene took over as Director-in-Charge of the Institute. The number of admission increased to 36 and the four year degree course was started in 1952.
In the year 1959, the Ministry of Education recommended a recurring grant for the building and equipments. The AICTE decided to increase the intake of engineering graduates in all the institutions and recommended that the Laxminarayan Institute of Technology should admit 60 students instead of 36 and should start a 5 Year Integrated Course in Chemical Engineering. The UGC gave an additional grant for starting a three years' B.Sc. (Tech) course in Oil Technology in the year 1964. The Institute started the Five Year Integrated Course with intake of 60 students in the year 1967. During these years, the post-graduate degrees of Nagpur University in the field of Technology were awarded on the basis of a research thesis. The M.Tech. course, partly by papers and partly by research started in 1967 got a greater response in the year 1969. These courses are Petro-Chemical Technology, Oil Technology, Paint Technology and Chemical Engineering.
In the year 1971 two courses in the specialized fields of Food Technology and Petro-Chemical Technology of three years duration started functioning. The admission of 10 students in each branch was approved. M.Tech. (Food Technology) was also started in the same year. In the year 1976 B.Sc. Tech. course in the field of Cellulose Technology was introduced with intake capacity of 10 students.
Responding to the new educational pattern of 10+2, the Institute introduced Four Year B.Tech. (Chemical Engineering) course and first batch of students were admitted in 1977. In the year 1994 the Institute discontinued its B.Sc.Tech. course & in its place introduced a new B.Tech. course in Chemical Technology with specialization in Petrochemical Technology, Food Technology, Pulp & Paper Technology, Oil Technology and Plastic & Polymer Technology. The intake capacity for each of these specialized branches is 10 and admission are given after 10+2 pattern. Presently Institute offers Four Year B.Tech. (Chemical Engineering) programme with intake capacity of 74. Four Year B.Tech. programme in Chemical Technology with specialization branches i.e. Petrochemical Technology, Food Technology, Pulp & Paper Technology, Oil Technology, Plastic & Polymer Technology and Surface Coating Technology with intake capacity of 10 students in each of the branches.
Academics.
Admissions to the undergraduate course is done through the AIEEE as well as SEEE exams.
The Institute has seven basic streams in which it offers programs.
Infrastructure.
The Institute has a campus of about located at Amravati Road in the western part of the city and houses all the departments of the Institute. The college authorities take utmost care to keep the college infrastructure up-to-date. The college has a strategically located canteen, two boys' hostels, a recreation hall and a huge playground.
Training & Placement
T & P provides necessary guidance to the students in their career planning and helps them in related personality development programmes so that students can be readily accepted by the Industries.
Arranges practical training in the Industries during Summer vacation. 
About 130 students undergo training at different industrial locations every year.
T & P provides necessary guidance to the students in their career planning and helps them in related personality development programmes so that students can be readily accepted by the Industries. 
Campus Interviews with prospective employers which include public and private sector organisations, multinational companies government organisations etc. are coordinated by the T & P Department. 

</doc>
<doc id="20161610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161610" title="George Tarrant">
George Tarrant

George Frederick Tarrant (born 7 December 1838 at Cambridge; died 2 July 1870 at Cambridge) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1860 to 1869. Mainly associated with Cambridgeshire County Cricket Club, he made 71 known appearances in first-class matches.
Tarrant was a right arm fast bowler (RF) who was for a time rated the second fastest bowler in England after John Jackson. He bowled roundarm around the wicket from a "long, lively run-up".
Tarrant took 421 wickets at 11.89 with a best analysis of 10/40. He took five wickets in an innings 41 times and ten wickets in a match 16 times.

</doc>
<doc id="20161611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161611" title="History of the Jews in Puerto Rico">
History of the Jews in Puerto Rico

The Jewish immigration to Puerto Rico began in the 15th century with the arrival of the "anusim" (variously called "conversos", "Crypto-Jews", or "Secret Jews" and derogatorily marranos, meaning swine) who accompanied Christopher Columbus on his second voyage. An open Jewish community did not flourish in Puerto Rico because Judaism was prohibited by the Spanish Inquisition, however many migrated to mountainous parts of the island, far from the central power of San Juan, and continued to self-identify as Jews and practice Crypto-Judaism. 
It would be hundreds of years before an open Jewish community would be established on the island. Very few American Jews settled in Puerto Rico after the island was ceded by Spain to the United States under the terms of the 1898 Treaty of Paris, which ended the Spanish–American War.
The first large group of Jews to settle in Puerto Rico were European refugees fleeing German–occupied Europe in the 1930s and 1940s. The second influx of Jews to the island came in the 1950s, when thousands of Cuban Jews (most of Eastern-European descent) fled after Fidel Castro came to power, the majority immigrating to Miami, Florida, with a sizable portion choosing to establish and integrate themselves on the neighboring island because of the cultural, linguistic, racial, and historic similarities shared by both islands. 
Puerto Rican Jews have made many contributions in multiple fields, including business and commerce, education, and entertainment. Puerto Rico has the largest and richest Jewish community in the Caribbean, with over 3,000 Jewish inhabitants. It is also the only Caribbean island in which all three major Jewish denominations—Orthodox, Conservative, and Reform—are represented. 
First Jews to arrive in Puerto Rico.
According to historians, the first Jews to arrive in Puerto Rico were "conversos", Jews who were forced to convert to Catholicism and were members of Christopher Columbus' crew during his second voyage on November 19, 1493 to the so-called "New World". Historians believe that Luis de Torres, who spoke Hebrew among other languages and who accompanied Columbus as his interpreter, was the first "converso" Jew to set foot in Puerto Rico. The Jews who arrived and settled in Puerto Rico were referred to as "Crypto-Jews" or "secret Jews".
In 1478, the Catholic Monarchs of Spain, Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile, established an ecclesiastical tribunal known as the Spanish Inquisition. It was intended to maintain Catholic orthodoxy in their kingdoms. Hundreds of Jews were killed, and their synagogues destroyed. One of the consequences of these disturbances was the mass forced conversion of Jews.
When the Crypto Jews arrived on the island of Puerto Rico, they were hoping to avoid religious scrutiny, but the Inquisition followed the colonists. The Inquisition maintained no rota or religious court in Puerto Rico. However, heretics were written up and if necessary remanded to regional Inquisitional tribunals in Spain or elsewhere in the western hemisphere. As a result, many secret Jews settled the island's remote mountainous interior far from the concentrated centers of power in San Juan and lived quiet lives. They practiced Crypto-Judaism which meant that they secretly practiced Judaism while publicly professing to be Roman Catholic. Still, since Jews weren't permitted to worship, the Crypto Jews eventually intermarried with Catholics and therefore, Puerto Rico virtually had no Jewish history of which to speak.
19th century.
By the 19th century, the Spanish Crown had lost most of its possessions in the Americas. Two of its remaining possessions were Puerto Rico and Cuba, both of which were demanding more autonomy and had pro-independence movements. The Spanish Crown issued the Royal Decree of Graces ("Real Cédula de Gracias") which was originated August 10, 1815, with the intention of attracting European settlers who were not of Spanish origin to the islands. 
The Spanish government, believing that the independence movements would lose their popularity, granted land and initially gave settlers "Letters of Domicile". However, those Europeans who were of the Jewish and Protestant faith were excluded from direct acquisition of state land since it was expected of the settlers to swear loyalty to the Spanish Crown and allegiance to the Roman Catholic Church. The opening of new lands to Catholics resulted in some sales of existing cultivated lands to others. This, however, did not keep people of Jewish descent from settling in Puerto Rico. Among the Puerto Rican Jews who lived in Puerto Rico in the 19th century was Mathias Brugman.
Mathias Brugman (1811–1868) was the son of Pierre Brugman from Curaçao of Dutch-Jewish ancestry and Isabel Duliebre from Puerto Rico. His parents met and married in New Orleans, Louisiana where Brugman was born, raised and educated. The Brugman family moved to Puerto Rico and settled in the City of Mayagüez where Brugman met and married Ana Maria Laborde. He opened a "colmado" (grocery store) and became rather successful, only to lose a good part of his fortune attempting to grow coffee. Like many other residents of Puerto Rico at the time, he resented the political injustices practiced by Spain on the island. This led him to become a believer in the cause of the Puerto Rican independence movement.
Brugman admired independence advocates Ramón Emeterio Betances and Segundo Ruiz Belvis. Together with his son, Hector, he joined them in a conspiracy to revolt against Spain and formed a revolutionary committee code named: "Capá Prieto" (a tree known as Spanish Elm, Ecuador Laurel, cypre or salmwood and used for its wood to build ships, among other things). On September 23, 1868, Brugman and his son participated in the short-lived revolt against Spanish rule known as El "Grito de Lares". Brugman and his son refused to surrender to the Spanish authorities and eventually were executed. 
After the failed revolution, the Spanish Courts passed the "Acta de Culto Condicionado" (Conditional Cult Act) in 1870. The law was an attempt to attract more settlers who would be faithful to the Spanish Crown by granting the right of religious freedom to all who wished to worship a religion other than Catholicism. Even so, the first synagogue was not established until after Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain to the United States at the end of the Spanish–American War in 1898. In the late 1800s during the Spanish-American War many Jewish American servicemen gathered together with local Puerto Rican Jews at the Old Telegraph building in Ponce to hold religious services.
20th century.
1930s.
Jewish-American soldiers were assigned to the military bases in Puerto Rico and many choose to stay and live on the island. Large numbers of Jewish immigrants began to arrive in Puerto Rico in the 1930s as refugees from Nazi occupied Europe. The majority settled in the island's capital, San Juan, where in 1942 they established the first Jewish Community Center of Puerto Rico.
1940s.
The President of the Puerto Rican Senate, Luis Muñoz Marín together with Governor Rexford Tugwell, the last non-Puerto Rican Governor of Puerto Rico appointed by an American President, helped advance legislation geared towards agricultural reform, economic recovery and industrialization. This program became known as Operation Bootstrap. As a result of the program, many Jews migrated to the city of Ponce located in the southern region of the island and worked in the agricultural industry. Operation Bootstrap also attracted clothing manufactures from New York and many of the people in the industry who came to the island were Jews.
In 1942, President Franklin D. Roosevelt appointed Aaron Cecil Snyder (1907–1959), born in Baltimore, Maryland as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico. Snyder became the first Jew and the last non-Puerto Rican appointed to that court. In 1953, Governor Luis Muñoz Marín appointed him Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico, the first appointment that a Puerto Rican governor made to the court, addressing the nomination to "A. Cecilio Snyder". Snyder actually used the name "Cecilio" when sworn in as Chief Justice. After his departure from the court, Snyder practiced law in San Juan until his death in 1959.
1950s-1960s.
In 1952, Puerto Rico achieved U.S. commonwealth status and officially became the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (Spanish: "Estado Libre Asociado de Puerto Rico"). That same year a handful of American Jews established the island's first synagogue in the former residence of William Korber, a wealthy Puerto Rican of German descent, which was designed and built by Czech architect Antonin Nechodoma. The synagogue, called Sha'are Zedeck, hired its first rabbi in 1954. 
After the success of the Cuban Revolution, led by Fidel Castro in 1959, almost all of Cuba's 15,000 Jews went into exile. The majority of them fled to Miami, Florida; however, Puerto Rico also received a large influx of Jewish emigres from Cuba.
Abe Fortas, who was an associate judge for the United States Supreme Court, and the son of Orthodox Jews, was a friend of Luis Munoz Marin and frequented Puerto Rico often during Roosevelt's, Kennedy's, and Lyndon B. Johnson's administrations. He participated in the drafting of the Constitution of Puerto Rico and gave Luis Munoz Marin and his administrators legal advice whenever called upon. According to Abe Fortas's biographer Laura Kalman, "Puerto Rico engaged Fortas. It became the one cause to which he was unconditionally committed."
Establishment of a Jewish community.
Puerto Rico is home to the largest and wealthiest Jewish community in the Caribbean with almost 3,000 Jewish inhabitants. Some Puerto Ricans have converted to Judaism, not only as individuals but as entire families. Puerto Rico is the only Caribbean island in which the Conservative, Reform and Orthodox Jewish movements are represented. Sha'are Zedeck, established in 1953, represents Conservative Judaism; Beth Shalom, established in 1967, represents Reform Judaism; and Chabad Center, established in 1997, represents Orthodox Judaism. 
The Reform congregation utilizes the English and Hebrew languages in their teachings, while the Conservative congregation uses English,Hebrew and Spanish. On November 30, 2005, the Puerto Rican Jewish community established their first synagogue outside of the Metropolitan San Juan area. The synagogue, which is located in the City of Mayagüez in the island's west coast, is called "Centro Hasidico Puertorriqueno Toiras Jesed". The Sha'are Zedeck, which has been designated by the Puerto Rican government as a National Historic Monument., and Reform congregations are located in San Juan and the Chabad Center is located in Isla Verde, in the city of Carolina. In the 1950s, the renowned Puerto Rican musician Augusto Rodríguez, founder of the Choir of the University of Puerto Rico, founded the Hebrew Festival Chorus of San Juan's Jewish Community.
Jewish influence in Puerto Rican and popular culture.
The municipality of Yauco has a street with the word "Judio" (Jewish) in it. It is the “Calle Cuesta de los Judios” which in the English language means "Jewish Slope Street" 
Puerto Rican Jews have made many contributions to the Puerto Rican way of life. Their contributions can be found, but are not limited to, the fields of education, commerce and entertainment. Among the many successful businesses which they have established are Supermercados Pueblo (Pueblo Supermarkets) founded by George and Harold Toppel, Almacenes Kress (clothing store), founded by Jorge Artime, Doral Bank, Pitusa and Me Salve, founded by Israel Kopel. 
They have also made an impact in Puerto Rico's music industry. In 1970, Raphy Leavitt organized a band with an original sound and style that became one of Puerto Rico's greatest salsa orchestras, ""La Selecta"". He selected the band's repertoire from songs with a particular, positive social message and philosophy, and arranged his new band's sound to be as raw and powerful as the typical all-trombone salsa sound in vogue at the time. This genre was made popular by Willie Colón, but La Selecta featured the addition of trumpets to lighten up the sound melodically. Brenda K. Starr is a salsa singer who in 2002 won two Latin Grammy Awards, one for "Best Salsa Album", for "Temptation" and the other in the category "Best Salsa Single" for "Por Ese Hombre". In 2006, the Billboard Latin Music Awards nominated her for a "Best Salsa Single" award for "Tu Eres".
Puerto Rican literature has also been enriched with the works of Quiara Alegría Hudes who wrote the book for Broadway's musical In the Heights. Her play, "Elliot, a Soldier's Fugue", was a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2007.; author (history based fiction writer) the Ethiopian Yosef Alfredo Antonio Ben-Jochannan whose two better known works are ""Black Man of the Nile"" and ""His Family and Africa: Mother of Major Western Religions""; author and poet Aurora Levins Morales with her work ""Remedios: Stories of Earth and Iron from the History of Puertorriqueñas"" and Micol Ostow, author of ""Emily Goldberg Learns to Salsa"". In July 2003, members and friends of Temple Beth Shalom published "What's Cooking/ Que se Cocina en Puerto Rico", a Spanish/English cookbook which includes Jewish recipes and Jewish holidays.
Some American personages with Puerto Rican and Jewish roots are: Geraldo Rivera, Freddie Prinze, Jr., David Blaine, Bruno Mars, Benjamin Agosto, Hila Levy, Ian Gomez, Leslie Kritzer, Julio Kaplan, Joaquin Phoenix, and Jenna Wolfe.
The American television sitcom "Welcome Back, Kotter", which originally aired on the ABC network from September 9, 1975 to June 8, 1979, had a character named Juan Epstein, played by Robert Hegyes. According to script Epstein was a fiercely proud Puerto Rican Jew. In the 2008 film "Nothing Like the Holidays", actor John Leguizamo plays the role of Mauricio Ridriguez, a Puerto Rican whose wife Sarah (played by actress Debra Messing) is of the Jewish faith. In one scene of the film, the family discusses the fact that there are many Jewish Puerto Ricans and that in San Juan there is a large Jewish community.
Resolution 1480.
On October 31, 2005, the Senate of Puerto Rico approved Senate Resolution 1480, recognizing the contributions which the Jewish community has made to the way of life of Puerto Rico and the friendship which exists between the peoples of Puerto Rico and Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="20161616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161616" title="Carver Christian High School">
Carver Christian High School

Carver Christian High School (CCHS) is a Christian independent secondary school in Burnaby, British Columbia.
Overview.
Carver Christian was established under the partnership of elementary and middle schools Vancouver Christian School and John Knox Christian School. It is sanctioned by the B.C. Ministry of Education and incorporates a Christian perspective in its curriculum.

</doc>
<doc id="20161641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161641" title="Murasaki (disambiguation)">
Murasaki (disambiguation)

Murasaki is the main character in "The Tale of Genji".
Murasaki may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20161660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161660" title="ADE model">
ADE model

An ADE model is a genetic model for twin studies which includes dominance genetic effects. Biometrical genetic modeling of twin or other family data can be used to decompose the variance of an observed response or phenotype into genetic and environmental components. Convenient parametrizations requiring few random effects allow such models to be estimated using widely available software for linear mixed models (continuous phenotypes) or generalized linear mixed models (categorical phenotypes). 
"A" stands for additive genetic effects, "D" for non-additive genetic (or dominance) effects, and "E" for nonshared environment effects.

</doc>
<doc id="20161673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161673" title="Alfred Jaëll">
Alfred Jaëll

Alfred Jaëll (5 March 183227 February 1882) was an Austrian pianist. His students included Benjamin Johnson Lang and Samuel Sanford (the eponym of the Sanford Medal).
Life.
He was born in Trieste. He studied under Carl Czerny and began his public career at the age of 11, appearing at the Teatro San Benedetto, Venice, in 1843. The following year he studied with Ignaz Moscheles in Vienna. In 1845 and 1846 he lived in Brussels, then Paris. According to one source, he was a student of Chopin, and according to another, he was a student of Liszt; however, most sources make no mention of these associations.
Jaëll made a tour of the United States, which was so successful that he stayed for three years, from 1851 to 1854. He made his New York debut on 15 November 1851, to ecstatic reviews. At his second concert on 22 November, he introduced Adelina Patti to the American public. He also gave recitals with Ole Bull. He was generally acknowledged to be the finest pianist ever to have visited North America up to that time. He took some of Louis Moreau Gottschalk’s works into his repertoire and helped to popularise them. He returned to Europe in 1854. He was made court pianist to the King of Hanover in 1855. He performed in London in 1862 and 1866.
In 1866 he married Marie Trautmann, a French pianist and writer of pedagogical works. They toured together, performing their own works as well as the standard repertoire. He was one of Henryk Wieniawski’s accompanists for his famous performances of Beethoven’s "Kreutzer Sonata". He was the soloist in the London premiere of Joachim Raff’s Piano Concerto in 1875.
Alfred Jaëll died suddenly in Paris in 1882, aged only 49, leaving Marie a 35-year old widow. He left a number of "extremely effective" transcriptions from Wagner, Schumann and Mendelssohn, as well as original compositions, all now forgotten.

</doc>
<doc id="20161678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161678" title="Depala Vas">
Depala Vas

Depala Vas (, ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Depala Vas was first mentioned in 1309 as the German form "Diepoltsdorf" (in 1539 as the Slovene form "ex Depolia vas"). The name Depala Vas is derived from the Slavic personal name "Depal" (probably of German origin, derived from "Dietpald" or a similar name). The name therefore literally means 'Depal's village' and likely refers to an early inhabitant of the place. In the 19th century the German name was "Depelsdorf".

</doc>
<doc id="20161690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161690" title="Emba">
Emba

Emba may refer to:
The acronym EMBA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20161741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161741" title="Eishōsai Chōki">
Eishōsai Chōki

Eishōsai Chōki (), also known as Momokawa Chōki, was a designer of ukiyo-e style Japanese woodblock prints who was active from about 1786 to 1808. He, along with Utamaro, was a pupil of Toriyami Sekien (1712–1788). Chōki is best known for his pictures of beautiful slender women, often with atmospheric backgrounds.
Although he signed most of his works Chōki (), he also signed some work Eishōsai () and Shikō ().

</doc>
<doc id="20161750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161750" title="Dobovlje">
Dobovlje

Dobovlje is a small settlement in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20161758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161758" title="Yonsei Medical Journal">
Yonsei Medical Journal

The Yonsei Medical Journal is a general medical journal which has been published since 1960 by the Yonsei University, College of Medicine. It is published bimonthly. The journal covers in all areas related to medicine based on clinical or basic research. The editor in chief is In-Hong Choi.

</doc>
<doc id="20161784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161784" title="Choki">
Choki

Chōki or Choki is a Japanese name that may refer to:
Choki is also a town in central Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="20161868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161868" title="The Legend of the Evil Lake">
The Legend of the Evil Lake

The Legend of the Evil Lake () is a 2003 South Korean fantasy/horror film directed by Lee Kwang-hoon. It is a remake of Shin Sang-ok's 1969 film "A Thousand Year-Old Fox". The film was not particularly well received and was seen by 101,478 people at Seoul theaters.
Plot.
The film opens with the massacre of a primitive tribe by Silla’s first king, Park Hyeokgeose and his technologically advanced army. The Auta tribal chief in death throes vows vengeance against Silla, and their blood and resentment fill the place where the Sacred Tree was standing, and turns into a lake. To seal off the Auta tribe's force of sorcery, he drives his Holy Sword deep into the Sacred Tree.
The narrative resumes nearly one millennium later, circa A.D. 896, as Silla is showing symptoms of strain and the court is beset by constant rebellions. Queen Jinseong (Kim Hye-ri), troubled by the threats to the throne, leans on General Biharang (Jung Joon-ho) against the counsels of her ministers. Biharang strives to save the country, but he is also weary of the endless battles. He, however, spurns the Queen’s romantic attentions in favor of his betrothed Jaunbi (Kim Hyo-jin), the daughter of an executed rebel, with whom he wishes to settle down and lead a quiet, peaceful life.
While Biharang has left for the country’s border to quench the rebels, Jaunbi is chased by assassins who were apparently ordered by the Queen to kill her. In panic, Jaunbi removes the Sword from the Sacred Tree thus releasing the soul of Auta tribal chief. But the assassins easily overpower her and try to rape her. Jaunbi somehow slips away from their hands and reaches at the edge of the Evil Lake. She throws herself into the Lake before leaving her necklace there as a sign for Biharang that she is dead.
The spirit of the Auta tribe who are resentful of the Silla kingdom use Jaunbi’s body to take their revenge on Silla. She is transformed into a flying phantasm with superpowers and seeks to lay waste to Seorabeol, capital of Silla. When the moon soaked with a thousand years’ resentment shines its rays upon the dark earth, an age-old revenge begins, and love turns to tragedy.

</doc>
<doc id="20161881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161881" title="Confederate Memorial in Nicholasville">
Confederate Memorial in Nicholasville

The Confederate Memorial in Nicholasville is an historic statue located on the Jessamine County courthouse lawn in Nicholasville, Kentucky, ten miles south of Lexington, Kentucky. It is one of three locations regarding the Civil War in Jessamine County; the other two are Camp Nelson Civil War Heritage Park and Camp Nelson National Cemetery.
It consists of an granite pedestal and bronze "Confederate" soldier statue with knapsack and kepi hat. Inscriptions are on all four sides of the pedestal, including a passage from "Bivouac of the Dead".
The process for erecting the statue started in 1880, when Jefferson Oxley, a veteran of the Confederate Army, started the Jessamine County Memorial Association to fund such a statue. However, by 1896, sixteen years later, it had still not been built. The Association was told there was a Union soldier monument which had not been paid for, and could be theirs at a discount. For $1,500 the monument was purchased, and the Yankee was "galvanized" into a Confederate soldier.
At the dedication, over 3,500 spectators came to witness the occasion, including 160 from Louisville who came by special train. Among the Louisvillians was Bennett H. Young, who spoke at many such statue dedications. The statue was unveiled by Oxley's son Lawson, as Jefferson Oxley had died.
On July 17, 1997, the Confederate Memorial in Nicholasville was one of sixty-one different monuments related to the Civil War in Kentucky placed on the National Register of Historic Places, as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission.

</doc>
<doc id="20161909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161909" title="Maurice Stonefrost">
Maurice Stonefrost

Maurice Frank Stonefrost CBE (September 1, 1927 – October 25, 2008) was a British civil servant. He was most prominent for his involvement with the Greater London Council (GLC) from 1973 until its dissolution in 1985.
Background.
Stonefrost was born in Bristol and attended Merrywood Grammar School. He did National Service with the RAF from 1948–51. After that he worked for several local authorities, starting in Bristol before moving to Slough in 1954, Coventry in 1956, and West Sussex in 1961. From 1964 to 1973 he worked as the secretary for the Institute of Municipal Treasurers and Accountants.
Greater London Council.
From 1973–77 he worked with the Labour administration under Rex Goodwin to keep London out of the financial problems that plagued New York City. From 1977–81 he managed the finances for the GLC under the Conservative administration led by Horace Cutler.
He achieved his greatest prominence under the Labour administration that began in 1981 under Ken Livingstone by allowing the city government to pursue its political goals within a feasible budget. Additionally, he was able to get his officials to manipulate the central government's local financing scheme to obtain £200m of additional financing from other governmental agencies. He also argued strongly against the dissolution of the GLC because of the resulting "fragmentation and chaos" that would result for the other London governmental agencies and the increased cost of borrowing money for each of the those agencies.
After the Greater London Council.
After the GLC was dissolved in 1985 he led an investigation into the Liverpool City Council's near bankruptcy and recommended stabilizing its finances by halting hiring, raising rents and tax rates, and reorganizing its debt obligations. From 1986–90 he was Chief Executive Officer of the British Rail Pension Fund (BRPF). He was involved with the sale of a collection of fine art owned by the BRPF after fine art prices rose in the 1980s. Although Labour Party Shadow Arts Minister Mark Fisher objected to the possibility that the collection might leave Britain, Stonefrost maintained the most important outcome was receiving the highest price for the works.
From 1990–93 he was chairman of Municipal Mutual Insurance (MMI). MMI had been a primary insurer of local governments in Britain but had expanded to also insure cars and homes. When he joined MMI had become overexposed to problems relating to school arson attacks and general financial market problems and he engineered a sale to Zurich Insurance in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20161931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161931" title="List of Russian military accidents">
List of Russian military accidents

This is a list of Russian military accidents that took place in Russia after the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991. Accidents have variously been attributed to cutbacks in spending on equipment, the lack of maintenance of hardware, and the theft of parts for sale to criminal gangs due to low pay in the services.

</doc>
<doc id="20161937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161937" title="Collaborative engineering">
Collaborative engineering

Collaborative engineering is defined by the International Journal of Collaborative Engineering as a discipline that "studies the interactive process of engineering collaboration, whereby multiple interested stakeholders resolve conflicts, bargain for individual or collective advantages, agree upon courses of action, and/or attempt to craft joint outcomes which serve their mutual interests."
Collaborative engineering is quickly becoming a topic of great interest in recent years due to the explosion of internet technologies. This upsurge is partially due to the success of projects such as Wikipedia and Linux that have proven the efficacy of internet collaboration.
References.
K. Daniel: Collaborative Engineering, Vdm Verlag Dr. Müller, ISBN 3-8364-0132-0, 2007

</doc>
<doc id="20161960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161960" title="Teruaki Kobayashi">
Teruaki Kobayashi

Career statistics.
Last update: 8 March 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20161996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161996" title="Kunie Kitamoto">
Kunie Kitamoto

Career statistics.
Last update: 3 February 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20162019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162019" title="Hiroyuki Komoto">
Hiroyuki Komoto

Career statistics.
Last update: 3 February 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20162076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162076" title="Češnjevek, Cerklje na Gorenjskem">
Češnjevek, Cerklje na Gorenjskem

Češnjevek () is a village in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to the Holy Spirit.

</doc>
<doc id="20162095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162095" title="Edward Jeffries">
Edward Jeffries

Edward J. Jeffries Jr. (April 3, 1900 – April 2, 1950) was an American politician, councilman, and mayor of Detroit.
Early life.
Edward Jeffries was born in Detroit, Michigan, on April 3, 1900, the son of Judge Edward J. Jeffries and Minnie Stott Jeffries. The elder Jeffries was an alderman, a police justice, and a long-serving judge on the Recorder's Court. He had run unsuccessfully for mayor multiple times, seeing himself as a representative of the underclass, and instilled in the younger Jeffries a sense of civic responsibility.
The younger Jeffries attended the Detroit Public Schools and the University of Michigan, receiving a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Michigan in 1920 and a law degree from the University of Michigan Law School in 1923. He then continued his education at Lincoln's Inn in London in 1923 and 1924, studying Roman and British common law. After his tour in Europe, Jeffries returned to Detroit to take up law practice. In 1929, he became general counsel for the Maccabees, a position he held until his death in 1950. In 1930, Jeffries married Florence O. Bell.
Politics.
Jeffries ran for Detroit City Council in 1932, and served on that body for four terms, from 1932 until 1940, serving the last two as City Council president. While serving on the Council, Jeffries came under the influence of long-time councilman John C. Lodge. Jeffries was already more moderate in stance than his radical father, eager to work within the existing power structure, and Lodge, who shared a similar outlook, was a natural ally.
In 1939, Jeffries ran for mayor of Detroit against Richard Reading as an economically conservative, socially responsible reformer. Reading, enmeshed in an enormous corruption scandal that eventually sent him to jail, lost the election by more than two-to-one. He ran for election as mayor four more times, winning the next three to serve as mayor from 1940 to 1948. Jeffries bid for a fifth term was unsuccessful because of his unpopularity in the wake of the 1943 race riot, and he lost to councilman Eugene Van Antwerp. Jeffries was elected once more to serve on the City Council, beginning in 1950, but died in office.
Edward Jeffries suffered a heart attack on March 18, 1950, while on vacation in Miami Beach, Florida. He died shortly thereafter on April 2, 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="20162111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162111" title="Keisuke Kurihara">
Keisuke Kurihara


</doc>
<doc id="20162119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162119" title="Patrick Mooney (Irish politician)">
Patrick Mooney (Irish politician)

Patrick Mooney (12 November 1903 – 30 October 1989) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Monaghan constituency at the 1954 general election. He was re-elected at the 1957, 1961 and 1965 general elections but lost his seat at the 1969 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20162158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162158" title="West Terrace Cemetery">
West Terrace Cemetery

The West Terrace Cemetery is South Australia’s oldest cemetery, first appearing on Colonel William Light’s 1837 plan of Adelaide. The 27.6 hectare site is located in the south-west corner of the Adelaide central business district, between West Terrace, Anzac Highway, Sir Donald Bradman Drive and the Noarlunga/ Belair Railway Lines. Originally known as the Adelaide Public Cemetery, it is divided into a number of sections for various communities and faiths, including two Catholic areas, as well as Jewish, Afghan, Islamic and Quaker sections.
History.
Throughout much of its early history the West Terrace Cemetery was plagued with controversy and mismanagement. It was the subject of much public and religious debate and was many times under threat of closure. As early as the 1880s the size of the cemetery was considered insufficient to keep up with demand.
In 1843 the establishment of a Jewish burial area began the distinctive denominational division of the cemetery. In 1845 a Catholic cemetery was established on land adjacent the main public cemetery and in 1849 a third of the public cemetery was given over to the Church of England.
The Smyth Chapel was built in 1871 as a memorial to the Very Reverend Dr John Smyth, Vicar General, who lies buried in the crypt beneath the chapel. It was designed by E.J. Woods in the latter part of 1870 as a result of a competition conducted by the Smyth Memorial Fund and built by Peters and Jones for approximately 472 pounds.
Situated within the Catholic area, the foundation stone was laid on 18 December 1870 by the venerable Archdeacon Russell, Vicar General, and was officially opened and formally consecrated on 22 October 1871.
In 1902, the first crematorium in the southern hemisphere was built and began operating in 1903. For the next 20 years, this was the only crematorium in Australia. A number of famous and important South Australians have been buried in the cemetery and since 2002, the site has been administered by the Adelaide Cemeteries Authority, which also controls a number of other cemeteries within the metropolitan area.
AIF Cemetery.
With concerns from various patriotic associations about soldiers from the First World War without relatives being buried in unmarked graves in the cemetery, a deputation to the Minister of Public Works in February 1920 sought a "Soldiers Lot" not only for these soldiers but also those whose families wished to bury their "soldier loved ones" there. The minister set aside a half an acre of the "Light Oval" for this purpose, with a monument to be erected by public subscription and soldiers in unmarked graves to be re-interred there. The first burial was in March 1920 but with slow progress of public fund raising the area was not dedicated until Sunday 10 December 1922.
There are buried 272 Commonwealth service personnel from both World Wars in West Terrace Cemetery whose graves are registered by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20162160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162160" title="Ilium Building">
Ilium Building

The Ilium Building is located at the northeast corner of Fulton and Fourth (northbound US 4) in Troy, New York, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 13, 1970, and since 1986 has also been a contributing property to the Central Troy Historic District.
It is a five-story, seven-by-four-bay structure of buff-colored brick with decorative stone and terra cotta trim with a flat roof and stone cornice. It was designed by local architect Marcus F. Cummings and built in 1904 by the Ilium Realty Company. Today it remains one of the landmarks of downtown Troy.

</doc>
<doc id="20162161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162161" title="Patrick Mooney">
Patrick Mooney

Patrick Mooney may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20162177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162177" title="Shota Matsuhashi">
Shota Matsuhashi

Career statistics.
Last update: 30 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20162204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162204" title="Grad, Cerklje na Gorenjskem">
Grad, Cerklje na Gorenjskem

Grad is a village in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Helena and the current building is from the late 17th century with later alterations, but is likely built over earlier foundations with a reused stone in the belfry inscribed with the date 1426.

</doc>
<doc id="20162223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162223" title="Toshihiko Uchiyama">
Toshihiko Uchiyama

Career statistics.
Last update: 4 February 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20162244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162244" title="Aviaarktika">
Aviaarktika

Aviaarktika was a Soviet airline which started operations on 1 September 1930 and was absorbed by Aeroflot on 3 January 1960.
History.
Aviaarktika was the flying branch of the Department of Polar Aviation of Glavsevmorput. Its first head was Mark Shevelev and it was originally based in Krasnoyarsk. It moved to Moscow in 1932.
Aviarktika established routes along the rivers and lakes of Siberia and Northern Russia; the Ob River with a base at Omsk, on the Irtysh and Yenisei rivers, with a base at Krasnoyarsk, on the Angara near Lake Baikal at Irkutsk, and at Yakutsk on the Lena.
Fleet.
Initially Aviaarktika flew The Junkers F.13 floatplane and six Dornier Wal flying boats. By 1933 there were 42 aircraft including Tupolev ANT-4 and ANT-6's.
AVIAARKTIKA Tupolev ANT-4, CCCP H-317, currently located at the Ulyanovsk Aircraft Museum in Ulyanovsk Baratayevka Airport (Central) (UWLL), is the only surviving example of the ANT-4. CCCP H-317 crash landed in Siberian tundra in 1944 and was recovered 39 years later and restored for the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20162245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162245" title="Greece national beach soccer team">
Greece national beach soccer team

The Greece national beach soccer team represents Greece in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the HFF, the governing body for football in Greece.
Current squad.
"Correct as of August 2012"
Coach: Stefanos Soilemes

</doc>
<doc id="20162266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162266" title="Ukrvozdukhput">
Ukrvozdukhput

Ukrvozdukhput (Ukrainian Society of Airways, "Ukrainski Vosdukhni Put"
) was an airline based in Kharkiv, Ukrainian SSR during the interbellum. It operated scheduled domestic (USSR) services.
History.
Founded on June 1, 1923 Ukvozduchput began operating on April 15, 1925 when it offered service from Kharkiv to Odessa and Kiev. From June 15, 1925 the company also offered flights to Moscow and Rostov-on-Don, completing its network centered on Kharkiv.
Ukrvozdukhput was the second scheduled airline ever in the Soviet Union (after Deruluft).
By 1928, Ukvozduchput was carrying more than 3,000 passengers a year. But, the Soviet central government's "Five-Year Plan" called for all air service in the Soviet Union to be controlled by one government agency. In 1929, Ukvozduchput was absorbed into the newly formed national airline Dobrolet (along with the other Soviet operators -- Zakavia and Deruluft).

</doc>
<doc id="20162285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162285" title="Hideo Tanaka (footballer)">
Hideo Tanaka (footballer)

Career statistics.
Last update: 4 February 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20162300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162300" title="Bokator (film)">
Bokator (film)

BOKATOR (Khmer:ល្បុក្កតោ) is a Khmer historical art action documentary film which contains two parts: The first describes the origin and nature of the martial art Bokator, while the second part is a mini-film starring martial arts and adventure writer Antonio Graceffo, called “Brooklyn Bokator".
Tag Lines.
"Before there was Muay Thai, there was Bokator".
Plot.
A boxer from Brooklyn with a bad attitude and a fat belly gets beaten up by an old man. Seeking revenge, he returns to a boxing trainer, played by his real-life coach Paddy Carson, asking his coach to get him in shape so he can beat up the old man.
His coach, Patty, tells him, “If an old man beats you, then you must not fight him, you must learn from him.”
“As always, I was honored to play in a Khmer movie. I am so grateful for all of the email and support that has come to me from Khmer people around the globe,” says Graceffo, who receives countless emails daily. “The actual acting was pretty funny. I play a big out of shape boxer from Brooklyn. It wasn’t much of a stretch. The story is, in a lot of ways, based on my own experience of coming to Cambodia to train. For example, in the beginning of the film, my character doesn’t speak Khmer, and he gets a little sick when his training brothers ask him to eat spiders. By the end, he gets used to all of that and he learns to respect the spirit of Angkorian warrior.”
Release date.
The release date of the Bokator film was set at 2007 but was delayed because Tim, the director, was working on another Khmer film, called “The Red Sense.” It was shot in Australia. The film is currently in post production, to be released later in 2008.
Reviews of the film was atrocious and its poor production value and acting are hard to watch for the general viewer.
Bokator surviving master joins in film.
San Kim Saen survived the Khmer Rouge years, and then returned to Cambodia. He is the man credited with reviving the dying Khmer Martial Art of Bokator. Today he works closely with writers and film makers in an effort to document his country’s art and share it with the world as well as starring in '"Bokator".
In addition to the independent film, San Kim Saen and his two American students have worked together on two shows for the History Channel, “Human Weapon,” and “Digging for the Truth.” Bokator will also be featured on the brand new web TV show, Martial Arts Odyssey, hosted by Antonio Graceffo. The show follows Graceffo around the world as he explores new and often obscure martial arts. The pilot is currently running on youtube.com.
Origin.
Bokator/Boxkator, or more formally, Labokator ល្បុក្កតោ is a Khmer martial art that may be a predecessor to the Southeast Asian kickboxing styles. History indicates that Bokator or an early form thereof was the close quarter combat system used by the ancient armies of Angkor 1000 years ago.
Controversy.
Many spectators and Cambodians argue that Bokator was just a term coined by San Kim Saen. Their argument is that the actual name of the ancient art is really called Kbach kun boran Khmer. Also, they argue that Labokator/Boxkator/Bokator is actually the art of twin sticks much like Eskrima of the Philippines.
San Kim Saen was a hapkido teacher who suddenly became a bokator master. He patched together several teachings from what he could find to fabricate a new recreation called Bokator and it was publicized and mouthpieced by Antonio Graceffo.

</doc>
<doc id="20162306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162306" title="Patrick Curran">
Patrick Curran

Patrick Joseph Curran was an Irish Labour Party politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin County constituency at the 1932 general election. He lost his seat at the 1933 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20162307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162307" title="Dvorje, Cerklje na Gorenjskem">
Dvorje, Cerklje na Gorenjskem

Dvorje () is a village in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Geography.
Dvorje stands at the top of an alluvial fan on the right bank of Reka Creek at the point where it leaves a gorge and enters the Cerklje Plain (). The houses in the village are clustered along secondary roads adjoining the main road between Cerklje na Gorenjskem and Visoko. The soil is sandy with limited fertility.
Name.
The name "Dvorje" is a contraction of the plural demonym "*Dvor′ane" 'residents of Dvor'. The name "Dvor" literally means 'manor' and is a relatively common toponym in Slovenia; in addition to 'manor', it may also refer to a farm with outbuildings, an estate, a (fenced-in) courtyard, or a barnyard, as well as a medieval agricultural estate comprising up to 40 farms.
History.
Strmol Castle stands west of the village, below Dvorje Hill (). It was cited in a number of sources dating back to the 145th to 16th centuries. Before the Second World War, a sawmill and a roller mill operated in the village.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas and belongs to the Parish of Cerklje na Gorenjskem. It was first mentioned in sources from 1485, and the current building dates from 1755. The main altar was created by Jurij Tavčar (1820–1892) and features a 1755 painting by Janez Valentin Metzinger (1699–1759).
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Dvorje include:

</doc>
<doc id="20162319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162319" title="Ronnie Chan">
Ronnie Chan

Ronnie Chan Chi-chung (; born 1949, Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong/Chinese entrepreneur. He received his MBA from the University of Southern California (U.S.).
Since 1991, he has been the chairman of Hang Lung Group and Hang Lung Properties, one of the largest real estate developers in Hong Kong. He succeeded the chairman position in the companies from his uncle. He is also the vice-president of the Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong, a Co-Chairman of the Asia Society and Chairman of its Hong Kong Center, and an advisor to the China Development Research Foundation of the State Council of the People's Republic of China. 
He also serves on the governing or advisory bodies of several think-tanks and universities, including China Foreign Affairs University, the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and his alma mater, the University of Southern California. 
He was a director of Enron Corporation when it filed for bankruptcy as a result of fraud. In November 2009, he attended the Horasis Global China Business Meeting in Lisbon, where his criticisms of American financial policy garnered widespread attention.

</doc>
<doc id="20162326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162326" title="Trend FM">
Trend FM

Trend FM was a radio station in Auckland, New Zealand that broadcast at 107.7MHz to most parts of New Lynn, Blockhouse Bay, Mount Roskill, New Windsor, Green Bay, Avondale, Lynfield, Hillsborough, Kelston and Waterview
It played a mix of Hindi and English Music.

</doc>
<doc id="20162345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162345" title="Daisuke Sudo">
Daisuke Sudo


</doc>
<doc id="20162364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162364" title="Archie Cassidy">
Archie Cassidy

Archie J. Cassidy was an Irish Labour Party politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Donegal constituency at the September 1927 general election. He lost his seat at the 1932 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20162394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162394" title="Hiroto Mogi">
Hiroto Mogi

Career statistics.
Last update: 5 February 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20162407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162407" title="Palm Island Mens Group">
Palm Island Mens Group

The Palm Island Men's Group was set up to deal with social problems, particularly for young Aboriginal men in trouble. Lex Wotton, who was at the centre of a successful push to set up a "cell watch" program on Palm Island, was a founding member and director of this group.

</doc>
<doc id="20162412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162412" title="Neva Enfilade of the Winter Palace">
Neva Enfilade of the Winter Palace

The Neva Enfilade of the Winter Palace, St Petersburg is a series of three large halls arranged in an enfilade along the palace's massive facade facing the River Neva.
Originally designed as a series of five state rooms by the architect Francesco Rastrelli in 1753, they were transformed into an enfilade of three vast halls in 1790 by Giacomo Quarenghi. Following a fire in 1837 they were rebuilt under the direction of Vasily Stasov. Frequently used as the palace ballrooms, they formed a processional route, and were the focus of the imperial court. In 1915, the last Tsar, Nicholas II had the enfilade transformed into a military hospital. Following the Russian Revolution of 1917, the enfilade, along with the remainder of the building, has been used as a series of exhibition halls of the State Hermitage Museum.
History.
The Palace was originally built in 1732, as an official residence for the Tsaritsa Anna I of Russia and designed by the architect Francesco Rastrelli. The Tsaritsa found the small Winter palace of Peter the Great insufficiently grand, and had taken over the neighbouring, and grander, palace of Admiral General Fyodor Matveyevich Apraksin, this she had rebuilt to form her own Winter Palace.
During the reign of Anna's successor, Elizabeth, Rastrelli, still working to his original plan, devised an entirely new scheme in 1753, on a colossal scale—the present Baroque Winter Palace (externally the palace seen today); the Tsaritsa wanted the palace to exceed in beauty and size all other European royal palaces. The expedited completion of the palace became a matter of national honour to the Empress, and to pay for it taxes were increased on salt and alcohol to fund the extra costs, although the Russian people were already burdened by taxes to pay for Russia's wars. The final cost was 2,500,000 rubles. By 1759, shortly before Elizabeth's death, an imperial Palace truly worthy of the name was nearing completion; at that time, the Neva enfilade contained five the principal state rooms. Work continued during the short reign of Elizabeth's nephew Peter III and on into the reign of Peter's widow Catherine the Great.
During Catherine the Great's reign, Neoclassicism came into vogue, and the new Tsaritsa was a great admirer. Rastrelli was dismissed and new architects working in the new fashions were employed. During this period, the original ornate rococo decoration of the palace was replaced with the more simple and stark neoclassicism which is a hallmark of the Palace today. The Neva enfilade was completely redesigned between 1790-93 by the architect Giacomo Quarenghi. Taking in the floor above, he transformed the original five rooms into three vast halls: the Concert Hall, the Great Hall and the Great Ante-Room. They were decorated in classical style with faux marbre and columns supporting life size statues.
Following a disastrous fire which destroyed most of the Winter Palace's interiors in 1837, the halls were recreated in similar style by the architect Vasily Stasov.
Court use of the enfilade.
Until 1905, during the winter months, the Tsar and Tsaritsa were traditionally resident in the palace; this was the period of the Saint Petersburg social season and the first floor piano nobile would be in near constant use. The remainder of the year the imperial couple resided elsewhere, and the palace housed the staff and the officials of the monarchy, who occupied the ground and second floors. The halls of the enfilade were designed to form an important part in the ceremonial life of the court, not just as ballrooms for festivities but for processional use. From the entrance to the private apartments at the western end of the Concert Hall, Imperial processions would proceed in state through the enfilade to the Jordan Staircase or turn and continue through the eastern state rooms.
Before 1917, during ceremonies and functions, access to the various hall of the enfilade was dictated by rank. Those who were most important were positioned closest to the beginning of an imperial procession in the Concert Hall, the lesser exalted in the Nicholas Hall and the least important in the Great Ante-Room. The imperial court was very conscious of rank. This was particularly obvious amongst the ladies attached to the court. Etiquette dictated that all these ladies, regardless of age, wore white silk dresses with a low decolletage and a red or olive green velvet train with gold embroidery. On their heads they wore red or green kokoshniks studded with jewels. While other women present were allowed coloured dresses, the train and kokoshnik was mandatory court dress.
Further classification was given to the women's ranks by indication of whether they were "Dames a Portrait" or "Demoiselles d'Honneur." The former, higher ranking class wore the Tsaritsa's portrait mounted in diamonds on their left breast, while the latter wore the Tsaritsa's monogram surrounded by diamonds. In between these two ranks were the "Dames du Palais" who like the "Dames a portrait" wore olive green, the lower ranking "Demoiselles d'Honneur" wore red.
While red and green were the colours of the Tsar and Tsaritsa, further colour was added by the women attached to the numerous Grand Duchesses. Each Grand Duchess had her own colour, and all the ladies attached to the suite would wear it. Queen Victoria's foreign secretary, writing to her in 1894 of a state procession through the enfilade, recorded of the Grand Duchesses' colours that one "is a particularly hideous shade of orange." The Foreign Secretary then went on to describe the ""8,000 to 10,000"" people present in the Winter palace's ""interminable halls"", and a particular "Demoiselle d'Honneur" who was ""so old that she was propped up against a wall."" Overall, the splendour and size of the Winter Palace and its colourful and bejewelled ladies failed to impress the Foreign Secretary for he reported to the Queen that the Grand Church ""was not very large"" and that the assembled imperial court had ""an absence of beauty as compared with that seen at one of Your Majesty's drawing rooms."" He did, however, concede that the Queen's granddaughter looked ""simply magnificent...the perfection of what one would imagine an Empress of Russia on her way to the altar would be."". That wedding of Queen Victoria's granddaughter to the Tsar was to be one of the final huge gatherings at the Palace, however. The palace's state rooms had had their swan song during the reign of Alexander II between 1855 and 1881.
Alexander II was the last Tsar to use the Winter Palace extensively not only for governing the empire but also entertaining. Of special note were the Bals des Palmiers given at the palace. On these occasions, 100 palm trees were brought from the hot houses at Tsarskoe Selo; these would be scattered throughout the enfilade, and around them supper tables seating 15 people would be constructed. During the course of the evening the Tsar would make the rounds of the tables, eating a piece of bread or fruit at each, in order that the guests may say that they had dined with the Tsar.
Following the assassination of Alexander II, the Winter Palace was never truly inhabited again. The new Tsar Alexander III was informed by his security advisers that it was impossible to make the Winter Palace secure. The Imperial family then moved to the seclusion of the Palace of Gatchina, some 40 miles from St. Petersburg. When in St. Petersburg, the Imperial family resided at the Anichkov Palace, but the Winter Palace was used for official functions. Alexander III, however, was not a lover of society and, when using the Winter Palace, preferred playing bridge in an anteroom to dancing. While most St Petersburg balls did not conclude until 6am, at the Winter Palace, from 2am the Tsar would dismiss the musicians from the orchestra one by one, until only the pianist and a fiddler remained, by which time his guests had taken the hint and gone.
The final imperial reception at the Winter Palace was a themed, fancy dress ball celebrating the reign of Alexei I, which took place on 22 January 1903. The Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovitch recalled the occasion as ""the last spectacular ball in the history of the empire... a new and hostile Russia glared through the large windows of the palace...while we danced, the workers were striking and the clouds in the Far East were hanging dangerously low."" The entire Imperial family, the Tsar as Alexei I and the Tsaritsa as Maria Miloslavskaya, all dressed in rich 17th century attire posed in the Hermitage's theatre, many wearing priceless original items brought specially from the Kremlin, for what was to be their final photograph together. The following year Russia was at war, and the Tsar and Tsaritsa abandoned St Petersburg, the Winter Palace, and high society (considered by the Tsaritsa to be decadent and immoral ) for the greater comfort, security and privacy of Tsarskoe Selo.
The Concert Hall.
The Concert Hall has an architrave seemingly supported by paired Corinthian columns, the capitals of which serve as plinthes for life-size statues of the various muses. It is decorated in a similar loose Baroque influenced neoclassical style as the Great Anteroom at the western end of the Enfilade. It is indicative of the size of the Winter Palace, that whereas most other royal palaces such as Buckingham Palace, Queluz and Sanssouci all have music rooms, the Winter Palace has a concert hall this is because it was the intention of the builders of the Winter Palace that their palace should outshine all other royal palaces. In fact Catherine the Great, for whom the enfilade was designed, was delighted when she bought an art collection for the Winter palace that Frederick the Great, the creator of Sanssouci could not afford.
So it was, that from this vast double height hall that solemn Imperial processions began. On such occasions the Concert Hall would be reserved for the highest ranking guest and members of the court. At a given moment, four "massive Ethiopians", the Tsar's official bodyguards, fantastically dressed in scarlet trousers, gold jackets, white turbans and curved shoes, would ceremonially open the doors from the private Arabian Hall ("2 on plan above") and the imperial procession would pass through the enfilade. The procession through would be preceded by the Marshal of the Court carrying a gold staff seven feet high topped with a diamond crown. On less formal occasions, as the hall's name suggests, it was used for concerts, balls and grand receptions.
Today, as part of the State Hermitage Museum, the room houses the silver reliquary of St Alexander Nevsky, formerly at the Alexander Nevsky Monastery. The reliquary was brought to the Palace in 1922, where it was set up to obscure the now blocked, grand doors from which the Imperial family used to enter from the private apartments.
The Nicholas Hall.
The Nicholas Hall is located in the centre of the enfilade. The largest room in the palace at , it was originally simply known as the Great Hall, and was the setting for many imperial balls and receptions. Following the death of Nicholas I in 1855, a large equestrian portrait of the late tsar was hung from the wall, and the hall was renamed the Nicholas Hall.
While in the same architectural rhythm as the preceding Concert Hall, the architecture is more severe. Here, the architrave is immediately below the ceiling. The only ornamentation is the carving of the corinthian capitals and the entablature.
Writing in 1902, the Duchess of Sutherland and the American-born Duchess of Marlborough, herself the chatelaine of one of Britain's great palaces, described their impressions of a court ball held in the Nicholas Hall.
Ironically, the Duchess of Sutherland then went on to describe the hungry peasants outside the gates - ""... all the want of penury of the peasants and this strange show to keep up the prestige of the aristocracy and the autocracy of one gentle, quiet little man.""
During World War I, the hall was used as an infirmary. It was restored in 1957, when the State Hermitage Museum was under the direction of Mikhail Artamonov.
The Great Antechamber.
The Great Ante-Chamber of the Winter Palace is the principal entrance hall to the state apartments of the palace. The first room of the piano nobile at the head of the Jordan staircase, it formed the processional exit of the Neva enfilade, and presented a procession with a choice, either to descend the staircase and exit the palace, which happened once a year for the ceremony of blessing the waters of the Neva, or to turn right and continue through the next enfilade to the small throne room ("5") or continue on through the Armorial Hall ("6") and Military Gallery ("7") to the Great Throne Room ("8") or Grand Church ("9").
Exhibition Halls.
Today, as part of the State Hermitage Museum the halls of the Neva enfilade are preserved as "palace interiors" containing only minimal furniture they are used for exhibitions. Many of the mirrors which lined the interior walls opposite each window have been concealed behind exhibition boards which creates a utilitarian feel to the halls, and one has to look upwards to the carved captals, statues, great chandeliers and moulded ceilings to gain an impression of the hall's glacial grandeur and classical architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="20162433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162433" title="Kenji Baba">
Kenji Baba


</doc>
<doc id="20162462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162462" title="Gakuto Kondo">
Gakuto Kondo

Career statistics.
Last update: 29 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20162465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162465" title="K152 (band)">
K152 (band)

K152 (Korean: 하늘기대, Hanja: 天空期待, "), is a boy band in South Korea formed by K152 Entertainment in 2011. Inspired by SM Groups: Super Junior, SHINee, TVXQ, and SNSD. The group is composed of 9 Members: Park Min Kyung (Leader), Lee Min Kyu, Kim Kyuri, Choi Min Hyung, Kim Kibum, Lee Jae Hyuk, Kim Junho, Kim Kyu Jae, Kim Junsu. They are not very known yet.
They are often referred to as HNKD, the first of which is an acronym of the group's Korean name Ha Neul Ki Dae. In China and Taiwan, they are known as 天空期待 (') and in Japan as 天空期待 (').
As of March 2011, The group became inactive, due to the 8 Members focusing on their studies, Meanwhile, Their leader, Minkyung is on his solo activities, and soon releasing his 1st album named: Super SHINee (슈퍼샤이니), containing 16 Tracks.
2010: Pre-Debut.
July 2010, Before debut, The group was only a Duet group called "MinRi" (민리), who was composed of 2 Members: Minkyung, and Kyuri
2010: New Members.
On August 2010, 3 New Members where added to the group (Junho, Junsu, and Minkyu)
2010: New set of members.
On November 2010, 4 More members was added, which completed the group. The new members added to the group was: Jaehyuk, Kibum, Kyujae and Minhyung.
2010-2011: Debut.
On December 2010, The group made their debut when they performed Super Junior's No Other (너 같은 사람 또 업서, "Neo gateun saram tto eopseo")
2011: Leader's solo.
On April 2011, The group became inactive due to the 8 Members focusing on their studies. Meanwhile, their Leader, Minkyung is currently on his solo activities and releasing his own solo album named: Super SHINee (슈퍼샤이니).

</doc>
<doc id="20162478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162478" title="Discoteuthis discus">
Discoteuthis discus

Discoteuthis discus is a species of squid in the family Cycloteuthidae. They occur in the tropical and subtropical Atlantic Ocean and the central North Pacific. While mature specimens have not been found, the unnamed species "Discoteuthis" sp. A has been hypothesised as the mature form. 

</doc>
<doc id="20162505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162505" title="MECC (disambiguation)">
MECC (disambiguation)

MECC stands for several meanings, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20162511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162511" title="Masatoshi Mihara">
Masatoshi Mihara

Mihara previously played for Sagan Tosu in the J. League Division 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20162525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162525" title="James Shannon (Irish politician)">
James Shannon (Irish politician)

James Shannon (died 17 October 1933) was an Irish Labour Party politician and trade union official. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Wexford constituency at the June 1927 general election. He lost his seat at the September 1927 general election having only served 3 months as a TD. He was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1932 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20162532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162532" title="Garmendia">
Garmendia

Garmendia is the surname of a noble family of the Basque Country region of Guipuzcoa, in Spain. The surname means "the volcano" or "the fire mountain" ("gar" 'fire', "mendi" 'mountain'), after Garmendia de Iraurgui, later known as Salvatierra de Iraurgui, later the site of the cities of Azpeitia and Azkoitia.
The family Garmendia enjoys the status of hidalgo, of ancient origin, previous to the Reconquista.
The family spread out of the Basque Country to the rest of Spain and, during colonization, to Argentina, Chile, United States and Cuba. 
The coat of arms is "Argent, a boar sable, running away from a hunter, who injures it with a lance sable tipped azure, upon a hill vert with a tree vert."

</doc>
<doc id="20162551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162551" title="Yōsuke Ishibitsu">
Yōsuke Ishibitsu

Career statistics.
Last update: 29 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20162567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162567" title="Timothy Quill">
Timothy Quill

Timothy Quill (9 May 1901 – 10 June 1960) was an Irish Labour Party politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork North constituency at the June 1927 general election. He lost his seat at the September 1927 general election having only served 3 months as a TD. He was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1937 and 1938 general elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20162570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162570" title="Ryosuke Matsuoka">
Ryosuke Matsuoka


</doc>
<doc id="20162577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162577" title="Middle East Cancer Consortium">
Middle East Cancer Consortium

Middle East Cancer Consortium (MECC) is a regional initiative for cancer research and treatment. Established in 1996, MECC members include USA, Cyprus, Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Palestinian Authority, and Turkey. It aims to reduce the incidence and impact of cancer in the Middle East region through the solicitation and support of collaborative research.

</doc>
<doc id="20162593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162593" title="Discoteuthis laciniosa">
Discoteuthis laciniosa

Discoteuthis laciniosa is a species of squid in the family Cycloteuthidae. The species occurs throughout the Atlantic, Indian and Pacific Oceans.
External links.
Tree of Life web project: "Discoteuthis laciniosa"

</doc>
<doc id="20162597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162597" title="Petroleum Safety Authority Norway">
Petroleum Safety Authority Norway

The Petroleum Safety Authority Norway (, PSA) is a Norwegian governmental supervisory authority under the Norwegian Ministry of Labour and Social Inclusion. The PSA has regulatory responsibility for safety, emergency preparedness and the working environment in the petroleum activities in Norway. The director is Magne Ognedal.
The PSA was established on 1 January 2004 as an independent, governmental supervisory body, located in Stavanger.
Responsibilities.
The PSA has regulatory responsibility for safety, emergency preparedness and the working environment in the petroleum activities, including petroleum facilities and associated pipeline systems at Melkøya, Tjeldbergodden, Nyhamna, Kollsnes, Mongstad, Sture, Kårstø and Slagentangen, as well as any future, integrated petroleum facilities. 
The regulatory responsibility covers all phases of the activities; such as planning, engineering, construction, use and finally, removal. 
The Norwegian Government has assigned the Petroleum Safety Authority Norway the following tasks: 
In the broadest sense, the entire work and purpose of the Petroleum Safety Authority Norway is to ensure that the petroleum activities are conducted prudently as regards health, environment and safety. The ministry has issued the following guidelines for how the PSA should carry out its tasks: 
Follow-up shall be system-oriented and risk-based. This follow-up must be in addition to, and not instead of, the follow-up which the industry carries out for its own part. There shall be a balanced consideration between the PSA's role as a high risk/technological supervisory body and as a labour inspection authority. Participation and cooperation between the parties are important principles and integral preconditions for the activities of the Petroleum Safety Authority Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="20162603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162603" title="Hiroki Kishida">
Hiroki Kishida


</doc>
<doc id="20162609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162609" title="Gilbert Lynch">
Gilbert Lynch

Gilbert Lynch (died 1 November 1969) was an Irish Labour Party politician and trade union official. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway constituency at the June 1927 general election. He lost his seat at the September 1927 general election having only served 3 months as a TD.

</doc>
<doc id="20162611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162611" title="Jes Holtsø">
Jes Holtsø

Jes Holtsø (born 30 December 1956) is a Danish actor most notable for his role as Kjeld's son Børge in the Olsen Gang films. The reason that he was chosen to play Børge was actually his thick glasses, which became his characteristic. Later he played the Olsens' son, William Olsen in the Danish television series Huset på Christianshavn from 1970 to 1977 and the film based on the series Ballade på Christianshavn in 1971. As an adult Jes never pursued acting, though he did take part in the last Olsen Gang film, "Olsen Bandens sidste stik", as the adult Børge.
After having been a drug-addict and alcoholic for much of his youth, he is now clean, and has, himself, worked at an institution to help addicts. He has recently competed in the Danish version of "Britain's Got Talent", as a singer, after which he released an album.
Today Jes works as a theater picturesque at the Royal Danish Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="20162612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162612" title="List of fictional demons">
List of fictional demons

These demons appear in works of fiction, not limited to writing or to entertainment purposes. For example, some are from video games and some are from Dante's "Inferno".
List of theological demons covers those from religion, theology, demonology, and mythology; the sacred and its study.
Names of God, List of deities, and List of deities in fiction cover God and gods in various ways. List of legendary creatures and Names of the demons may also help explain what is not here.
Some demons may be in both the fictional and theological lists. Many demons have names with several spellings but few are listed under more than one spelling.
Every listing should include a parenthetical reference, usually one with a blue link. 

</doc>
<doc id="20162624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162624" title="Songsuradet Rebellion">
Songsuradet Rebellion

The Songsuradet Rebellion (Thai: กบฏพระยาทรงสุรเดช; RTGS: Kabot Phraya Songsuradet) also known as the Rebellion of 18 corpses (Thai: กบฏ 18 ศพ) was an important Thai historical event in 1939. Phraya Songsuradet (Thai: พระยาทรงสุรเดช) actually did not instigate the rebellion or coup in any way yet it was named after him. The coup was in truth carried out by Luang Phibulsonggram (Thai: หลวงพิบูลสงคราม) or Phibul on 29 January 1939 to purge the country of his political enemies and former rivals (one of them just happened to be Songsuradet).
Background & Phraya Songsuradet.
The roots of the rebellion began during the Coup d'état of June 1933, when Phraya Phahon Phonphayuhasena ousted Phraya Manopakorn Nititada and replace him as Prime Minister. Phraya Songsuradet a supporter of Phraya Mano and many of his companions were barred from politics for life by the new premier. Songsuradet went on exile in Sri Lanka for 2 years. 
During before and after the coup conflicts arose between Songsuradet and Phibulsonggram, who were both Ministers of State and members of the People’s Committee.
When Luang Phibulsonggram succeeded Phraya Phahon as Prime Minister of Thailand on the 11 September 1938, there were many resistance to his premiership based on his dictatorial style and cronyism. This coupled with his role in suppressing the Boworadet Rebellion; resulted in three assassination attempt: 2 by gunmen and 1 by poisoning.
The Purge.
In 1938 Songsuradet, by then having retired from politics for 5 years (but not yet from the Army) was Commander of the Military School in Chiang Mai. On the 16 December he was commanding a military exercise (practiced by his students) in Ratchaburi Province, west of the capital. On that date he received orders from Bangkok relinquishing his command of all units, stripping him of all his ranks and titles and forcing him to retire from the army without pension and his expulsion from the country. Under fear of death Songsuradet complied and with his Aide-de-camp Captain Samruad Kanjonsit (Thai: ร้อยเอกสำรวจ กาญจนสิทธิ์) escaped to Cambodia.
The ‘rebellion’ however did not end there, in the early hours of the morning on the 29 January 1939 Phibul, with the help of his Minister of the Interior and Director of the Royal Thai Police, ordered the arrest of a further 51 ‘suspects’ (suspected of being sympathizers of Songsuradet). The persons arrested included "inter alia" Prince Ragsit, Prince of Chainat (Thai: พระองค์เจ้ารังสิตประยูรศักดิ์) (a son of King Chulalongkorn), General Phraya Thepahatsadin (Thai: พระยาเทพหัสดิน) (a 62 year old former Commander of the Siamese Expeditionary Force during the First World War) and Phraya Udom Pongphensawad (Thai: พระยาอุดมพงศ์เพ็ญสวัสดิ์ ) (former Minister of State). Many others were former politicians such as members of the People’s Assembly and many were military officers and aristocrats. A further 20 ‘suspects’ were arrested by the end of the day including one of Phibul’s own servant. 
A special Tribunal was created by Phibul to try those involved in the so-called ‘rebellion’ and the assassination attempts on Phibul’s life. 7 were released under lack of evidence, 25 were imprisoned for life and 21 were to be executed by firing squad. However 3 were pardoned, due to their honorable records and services to the nation, the 3 included Prince Rangsit and Phraya Thepahatsadin, who were instead imprisoned for life. The other 18, however did not share that fate, they were incarcerated at Bang Kwang Central Prison. Eventually they were executed by firing squad in installments of four prisoners a day.
Aftermath.
Songsuradet, having escaped to Cambodia, lived the rest of his life in abject poverty, making a living by selling small confectionery in the streets of Phnom Penh; he died in 1944. Many of the other suspects who were imprisoned by Phibul were eventually pardoned by Khuang Abhaiwongse when he became Prime Minister in 1944.
The rebellion was in effect Phibul’s own version of the Night of the Long Knives. By 1938 he had consolidated his power to such an extent that he had become virtual dictator of the country, changing the name of the country from Siam to Thailand in June 1938. He was able to accomplish this using brutal tactics and the absence of any credible opposition; Prajadhipok had by then been succeeded to the throne by Ananda Mahidol, who was only 13 years old and was studying in Switzerland. The tribunal which Phibul had set up to try these suspects was filled with judges appointed by him and his government, there were no lawyers present and no witnesses were called. Historians agree today that the men executed were mostly innocent and were not a part of real plot to kill Phibul or overthrow his government. Phibul was eventually removed in 1944, however four years later he returned as Prime Minister from 1948–1957, dying in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20162636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162636" title="Denis Cullen">
Denis Cullen

Denis Cullen (23 September 1878 – 26 November 1971) was an Irish Labour Party politician and trade union official. 
In 1925 the Labour Party identified high taxation as a government weakness and decided to contest the Dublin North and Dublin South by-elections. Cullen, as general secretary of the Irish Bakers Union, was candidate in Dublin North with Thomas Lawlor, Irish Municipal Employees Union, in Dublin South. Neither of them were elected.
He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North constituency at the June 1927 general election. He lost his seat at the September 1927 general election having only served 3 months as a TD.

</doc>
<doc id="20162645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162645" title="My Everything">
My Everything

My Everything may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20162661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162661" title="1992 European Junior Swimming Championships">
1992 European Junior Swimming Championships

The 1992 European Junior Championships were held from 13–18 August 1992 in Leeds, Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="20162690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162690" title="Kenta Tokushige">
Kenta Tokushige

Career statistics.
Last update: 5 February 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20162692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162692" title="Martín Cortés, 2nd Marquis of the Valley of Oaxaca">
Martín Cortés, 2nd Marquis of the Valley of Oaxaca

Don Martín Cortés y Zúñiga, 2nd Marquis of the Valley of Oaxaca (1532–1589) was the son and designated heir of Spanish conquistador Hernán Cortés by his second wife, Juana de Zúñiga. Don Martín shared his name with an elder half-brother, whose mother was Doña Marina.
Biography.
Martín Cortés was born in Cuernavaca, Morelos, in the then-viceroyalty of New Spain, now Mexico. He had an older half-brother with the same name (Martín Cortés (el Mestizo), 1523-1568), son of Hernán Cortés y La Malinche, nicknamed "El Mestizo". In this article Martín Cortés Zúñiga is referred to as simply "Martín" while any reference to his brother will be suffixed "el Mestizo".
Martín Cortés Zúñiga traveled with his father to Spain in 1540, to serve King Charles I of Spain, and later his successor Philip II of Spain. He participated in the Battle of St. Quentin in 1557, and in the Netherlands campaign.
During his residence in Spain, he married his niece, Ana Ramírez de Arellano. He maintained close ties with the aristocracy and intelligentsia of the moment, such as the writer López de Gómara, to whom he dedicated the biography he wrote of his father Hernán Cortés.
Martín, with his brothers Luis and Martín el Mestizo, returned to a friendly welcome in the viceroyalty of New Spain in 1563. At the time, during a period of disturbances in the city of Mexico City, Martín was considered the richest person in New Spain, and promptly demonstrated arrogant and spendthrift ways.
Martín led a movement along with some other encomenderos, fighting to prevent the abolition of ecomiendas, and greater autonomy for the new world. On the death of the Viceroy Luís de Velasco in 1564, Martín was named Captain General by the Mexico City Council with hints of independence for the viceroyalty. In 1565 there was a push to crown Martín king of New Spain. On 16 July 1566, the failure of these subversives lead to the arrest of the leaders, including Martín, his brothers, and the rich and influential Alonso de Ávila, nephew of the conquistador of the same name. The conspirators were sentenced to death, but on arrival of the new viceroy Gastón de Peralta on 15 November 1567, the Cortés brothers were spared. Most of the other conspirators, including Alonso de Avila, were executed by public beheading.
Martín was given leave in April of 1567 to travel to Spain to plead their case before the King. He served time in Algeria, along with his brother Luis. Martin was pardoned in 1574, his properties returned to him, and was allowed to leave Algeria but not return to New Spain. His brother Luis, who had also served time in Algeria was allowed to return to New Spain.
Martín Cortés died in Madrid, Spain, 13 August 1589.
A codex held by the Latin American Library at Tulane University, the "Atatepec Land Claim to recover a tract of land from the marques," describes litigation against Martín Cortés.

</doc>
<doc id="20162694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162694" title="Thomas Tynan">
Thomas Tynan

Thomas Tynan (1859 – 24 September 1953) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Leix–Offaly constituency at the June 1927 general election. He lost his seat at the September 1927 general election having only served 3 months as a TD.

</doc>
<doc id="20162706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162706" title="Yūzuru (opera)">
Yūzuru (opera)

Ikuma Dan initially wrote incidental music for Kinoshita's play in 1949. Later, determined to transform the music into an opera, he approached Kinoshita who agreed to release the play under the condition that it was set to music word for word. Dan started composing the opera and finished the work a year later in 1951. The première was held at Osaka Asahi Hall on January 30, 1952.
Dan revised the opera in 1956 and the revised version premièred at the Zurich Music Festival on June 27, 1957.
In 1994, the 600th performance of the opera with the composer conducting the Tokyo City Philharmonic Orchestra was recorded and released by Columbia Music Entertainment.
The opera lasts approximately one hour and fifty minutes. The vocal score is published by Zen-On Music Company Ltd.
Synopsis.
The story takes place in an isolated mountain village in ancient Japan. It is winter. The scene is the interior and exterior of Yohyō's snow-covered, straw-thatched hut.
The simple-minded peasant Yohyō lives with his gentle and beautiful wife, Tsū. Once, long before, he saved the life of a wounded crane by pulling an arrow from its body. Unbeknownst to Yohyō, the crane assumed human form to become his wife. Tsū loves her husband with all her body and soul. Wishing to make life easier for Yohyō, she secretly weaves a gorgeous cloth from her own feathers. Wrapped in the chaste love of his wife, the simple-hearted Yohyō has forgotten the evils of human greed.
The villagers Sōdo and Unzu learn of the valuable cloth and impress upon Yohyō that much merriment and wealth awaits them in the city if his wife were to weave more cloth for which they would be handsomely paid. Deceived by the words of his evil friends and lured by the promise of riches and pleasures, Yohyō urges the reluctant Tsū to weave more of the valuable fabric.
Tsū sadly wonders why man is never satisfied with love, always longing for riches. In response to her beloved husband's insistent demands, she resolves to weave another cloth knowing any further sacrifice could be fatal. 
Overwhelmed and despondent at the thought of her tragic circumstances, Tsū falls unconscious in the snow. Yohyō carries her gently to the fireside to revive her. He does not understand her spiritual suffering. Tsū asks if he still yearns for riches, but Yohyō has become a prisoner of greed and insists that she continue weaving the cloth. Broken-hearted, Tsū enters the back room to finish her work.
Tsū returns hovering near death. She hands the magnificent cloth to her husband. Leaving her passionate heart behind, Tsū transforms back into a crane and flaps her way into the snowy twilit night on her final journey. Yohyō realizes that he has lost the priceless affection of his devoted wife. Clutching the precious cloth in his hands, he watches her disappear from sight.
Orchestration.
2 flutes (piccolo), 2 oboes, 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons, 4 horns, 2 trumpets, 3 trombones, 1 tuba, percussion (tympani, cymbals, triangle, gong, snare drum, bass drum), harp and strings

</doc>
<doc id="20162713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162713" title="Eugene Mullen">
Eugene Mullen

Eugene Mullen (born c. 1898–date of death unknown) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician, professor and priest. 
Mullen was born in Roemore, Breaffy, County Mayo, to national school teacher parents, Thomas and Mary. A schoolteacher by profession, he was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Mayo South constituency at the June 1927 general election. He lost his seat at the September 1927 general election having only served 3 months as a TD.
Mullen subsequently became a professor. Later, on 16 December 1938, he joined the Order of the Discalced Carmelites, assuming the name Father Ephraim. As a Carmelite monk, Mullen wrote the epic poem "Ode to St. Patrick" as well as other lyrical pieces.
He was a younger brother to Thomas Mullen, who was a TD for the Dublin County constituency from 1938 to 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="20162714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162714" title="Pour un Nouveau Roman">
Pour un Nouveau Roman

Pour un Nouveau Roman (translated as For a New Novel (US), Towards a New Novel (UK)) is a 1963 collection of theoretical writings by French author Alain Robbe-Grillet. 
Published by Les Éditions de Minuit, the articles which constitute the book had been published between 1955 and 1963 in a number of French publications, and some were revised prior to inclusion in the book.
In it, he argues (with reference to his own novels and those of prominent modernist writers such as Proust and Samuel Beckett) that the novel form must be re-imagined by each generation. He takes issue with the common idea that the 19th century bourgeois novel (exemplified by Balzac) is the benchmark by which all novels must be judged. After all, he argues, each new form of artistic expression was once new and strange. It is the obligation of the artist to create new and strange artworks which in turn create reference points to judge future artworks (and which will by necessity be useless to do so).
Controversially, he argues against "several obsolete notions" such as character, story and depth.
The English translation is by Richard Howard, and publication in the US was originally by Grove Press, and in the UK by Calder Publishing.

</doc>
<doc id="20162719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162719" title="Masaki Yanagawa">
Masaki Yanagawa

Career statistics.
Last update: "January 30, 2010"

</doc>
<doc id="20162722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162722" title="Task Force 88 (anti-terrorist unit)">
Task Force 88 (anti-terrorist unit)

Task Force 88 is an American special operations unit formed since 11 September 2001, of which little is publicly known. It is described as a "hunter-killer team" with its core made up of Delta Force, 75th Ranger Regiment Rangers, members of the USAF 24th Special Tactics Squadron, and Navy DEVGRU operators. The unit was reported to be responsible for both the cross border raid into Syria from Iraq in October 2008 that resulted in eight deaths including Abu Ghadiya and several US operations in the Horn of Africa targeting al Qaeda.
History as Task Force 145.
Since the invasion of Iraq, the unit went through a number of changes of designation. Task Force 20 was amalgamated with Task Force 5 (formerly Task Force 11/Task Force Sword) in Afghanistan in July 2003, and became Task Force 21. It was then redesignated Task Force 121, and later as Task Force 626, Task Force 145, and Task Force 88. Neville notes that he omitted the 'current' (c.2008, time of writing) designation of the unit. However he did say that it was also known obliquely as Other Coalition Forces – Iraq (OCF-I), 'a wry reference to the CIA unit of the moniker OGA.'
It was a combined U.S. and British military special forces provisional grouping specifically charged with hunting down high-value al-Qaeda and Iraqi leadership including Osama bin Laden and, prior to his death on 7 June 2006, Al-Qaeda in Iraq leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. It is believed that the Task Force played a role in the medium altitude strike mission that killed al-Zarqawi just outside Baqubah. The Task Force was charged with disrupting al-Qaeda operations in Iraq and, to a lesser extent, Afghanistan.
The action arm of the task force was made up of operators from 1st Special Forces Operational Detachment-Delta, United States Naval Special Warfare Development Group ('DEVGRU'), British Special Air Service, British Special Boat Service and soldiers from the 75th Ranger Regiment. Members of the CIA's elite Special Activities Division paramilitary unit were also believed to be an important part of the group. Support elements include the Army's 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment (Night Stalkers), the Air Force’s 24th Special Tactics Squadron, and British paratroopers from the Special Forces Support Group.
The unit was operating up until at least January 2007; it is not clear whether it is still operational with the U.S. drawdown from Iraq. In January 2007 Task Force 88 established a subsidiary task force, Task Force 17, in addition to an existing task force, Task Force 16. Task Force 17 was established to 'counter Iranian influence.' Task Force 17 was to be made Initially Operationally Capable as of 'NLT 15 January 2007 and Full Operational Capability (FOC) will be in place NLT 15 February 2007.'
Operations.
The task force is known to operate very autonomously. In their only publicly known operation they reportedly conducted several raids without requiring approval from higher authorities. The task force was also responsible for the elimination of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
Over 18 months beginning in early 2007, the task force reportedly arrested 3,500 terrorists in Baghdad and killed several hundred others. Thus, al Qaeda bomb attacks went down from an average of 150 per month (killing monthly 3,000 people) to about two. During the campaign, six SAS troops were killed and 30 injured. Delta Force suffered an overall 20 percent casualty rate.
During operations in Al-Anbar province, TF88 operatives entered the insurgent controlled city of Haditha, several times finding Zarqawi's hideouts. Their raids found eggs still cooking, just missing the terrorist leader. Based on this current and actionable intelligence, they asked the commander of II MEF(FWD) to have to city of Haditha assaulted in order to flush Zarqawi out. The general chose the 3rd Bn 1st Marines, experienced in heavy fighting from Operation Phantom Fury, to assault the city.
It is not clear what the reduced U.S. military role following the U.S.–Iraq Status of Forces Agreement and associated drawdown to purely advisory operations has had on the task force's operations.
Organization.
Organization as of October 2006.
TF 145, or TF 88 as it may now be known, was commanded by a colonel (the commanding officer of the Army's Delta Force) and is based at five locations across Iraq. Its task organization drew on every unit of the U.S. Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC) as well as on the CIA's Special Activities Division and British special operations forces.
The headquarters element, which included the majority of the task force's many aviation and intelligence assets, was based at Balad Air Base between Samarra and Baghdad; the four elements that it controlled, each commanded by a lieutenant colonel or equivalent, were spread across the country.
Task Force Center is probably co-located with TF 145's headquarters element at Balad, but it could also be based at Camp Liberty, since it is responsible for the Baghdad region. TF Center is based around a direct-action squadron; the three Delta Force squadrons and SEAL Team 6 appear to rotate through this position. It is also supported by a rotating company-sized element of the 75th Ranger Regiment and elements of the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment. TF Center has taken casualties in the Yusufiya area, where one of its helicopters was shot down in spring 2006.
Task Force West is structured similarly to TF Center in that it has a company-sized force protection element from the 75th Rangers and is based around a battalion-sized direct action unit that can at any given time be a Delta Force squadron or Naval Special Warfare Development Group (known also as SEAL Team 6). It seems that these units rotate every three to four months. TF West is responsible for operations in Anbar, where it is known to have been active at various times in Fallujah, Qaim, Husayba, and Ramadi; Delta Force lost nine operators during combat in Husaybah, Qaim and Ramadi. It is likely that TF West is based either at Camp Asad or Camp Taqaddum.
Task Force North is organized differently: it is based around a full battalion of the 75th Rangers (the position rotates among the three battalions), with a company-sized element from Delta Force acting in support. TF North was based at FOB Marez in Mosul.
Task Force Black/Knight.
Based in the Baghdad area, TF Black (which was supported by Parachute Regiment members of the Special Forces Support Group) is based around a squadron of the British army's 22 Special Air Service Regiment, with integrated units from the Special Boat Service and US 1st SFOD-D (Delta Force). It has participated in operations in the Baghdad area when British or Canadian hostages are involved. Operation Marlborough in July 2005, when the SAS killed three insurgent would-be suicide bombers, was also carried out by this unit in the Iraqi capital. Sergeant Jon Hollingsworth, killed in Iraq with the SAS, was decorated for his service in this unit.
Reportedly, TF Black has removed or killed 3,500 insurgents from the streets of Baghdad. With the removal of these insurgents, the number of bombings has been reduced from 150 per month to about 2 per month. In October 2004, all SAS personnel in Iraq including Task Force Black were banned from handing over suspects to the US forces if the suspects were going to be taken to a US interrogation center due to the fact of the bad reputation those centers were getting. Another setback for the task force was during the Second Battle of Fallujah when the SAS was banned from going into the city alongside its American counterpart because of the pressure that the government was feeling from the unpopularity of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="20162735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162735" title="Khmer People's National Liberation Armed Forces">
Khmer People's National Liberation Armed Forces

The Khmer People's National Liberation Armed Forces (KPNLAF) was the military component of the Khmer People's National Liberation Front (KPNLF) a political front organized in 1979 in opposition to the Vietnamese-installed People's Republic of Kampuchea (PRK) regime in Cambodia. The KPNLAF was loyal to Son Sann, a former Prime Minister under Prince Norodom Sihanouk and the founder of the KPNLF political movement.
Establishment.
The KPNLAF was formed in March 1979 from various anti-communist groups that had concentrated on the Thai-Cambodian border and which were opposed to the People's Republic of Kampuchea, the Vietnamese-backed government of Cambodia. Many of these groups were essentially warlord bands, engaging more in smuggling and in internecine fighting than in combat operations. They were brought together by General Dien Del, a former career officer of the Khmer Republic who became chief of the KPNLAF General Staff. By mid-1979 there were 1600 armed soldiers in the KPNLAF.
The KPNLF was proclaimed on October 9, 1979 at Sok Sann, a camp in the jungles of the Cardamom Mountains that contained barely 2000 men and was a merger of 13 armed groups, some of them remnants of the Khmer National Armed Forces. The following month the first shipment of 3000 rifles arrived from Beijing. In 1981 overall command was given to General Sak Sutsakhan, another prominent member of the Republic's former army.
Expansion 1981–82.
General Dien Del opened an officer's training school at Ampil Refugee Camp (Ban Sangae) in January 1981. The first graduating class of 82 cadet officers, 68 company-level commanders and 76 platoon-level commanders immediately took up posts in the field. This was further helped by the arrival of some 3000 Chinese weapons in March.
Because of Son Sann's non-communist credentials, the KPNLAF offered an alternative to those Cambodians who supported neither Sihanouk, Hanoi nor the Khmer Rouge, and it quickly became the second largest guerrilla force in Thailand, second only to the remnants of the Khmer Rouge. By mid-1981, with about 7,000 personnel under arms, it was able to protect its refugee camps and occasionally to conduct forays into Cambodia.
In June 1982 the KPNLF joined the Coalition Government of Democratic Kampuchea, although military operations between the three partner organizations never achieved any degree of coordination.
Nong Chan Refugee Camp became the KPNLAF’s military headquarters at the end of 1982, although Ampil Camp remained the administrative headquarters until it was destroyed in early 1985. Nong Chan housed the KPNLAF’s 3rd, 7th and 9th battalions and a Special Forces commando unit, while the 1st Battalion was at Nong Samet Refugee Camp and the 2nd at Ampil. By early 1984 Son Sann claimed that his KPNLF army “…had 12,000 fully armed fighters, with an additional 8,000 trained but still without weapons.”
Equipment.
The KPNLAF favored strike-and-retreat guerrilla tactics and tended to operate in small, lightly armed, highly mobile units of 6 to 12 soldiers. 
Due to the lack of weapons, many KPNLAF troops carried their own guns, including American M-16s which had been supplied by the US military to Khmer National Armed Forces troops prior to 1975. A few soldiers even carried hunting rifles or shotguns.
KPNLAF forces were adept at the use of landmines, particularly blast mines such as the PMN-2 and M-14, as well as bounding fragmentation mines such as the M16A2 and the M2A4.
The Vietnamese offensive of 1984-85.
Two developments in the mid-1980s greatly diminished KPNLAF capabilities as a fighting force. The first of these was the Vietnamese dry season offensive of November 1984 to March 1985, which weakened the KPNLAF's numbers and forced them to abandon several fortified border encampments (such as Nong Samet and Nong Chan) on the Thai-Cambodian border. The other insurgent forces, the Khmer Rouge and the Armée Nationale Sihanoukiste, were also affected by this offensive, which reduced the number of camps on the border from 21 to 11. The Government of Thailand and the international community viewed the quartering of KPNLAF troops in civilian camps as a recipe for disaster, and United Nations Border Relief Operation, the UN agency responsible for security on the border, relocated the camps inside Thailand with troops in separate camps from refugees.
The second development, equally harmful to the KPNLAF cause, was the dispute that broke out among the top leaders. Following the loss of the border camps, contemporary reports noted that "open revolt" had broken out among guerrilla commanders over the "dictatorial ways" of Son Sann, who had continued as president of the KPNLF, and his "interference in military matters." The crisis resulted in the virtual paralysis of the KPNLAF until leadership issues were resolved in late 1986.
Commando operations inside Cambodia.
Partly as a result of leadership disputes that prevented the development of a coordinated military strategy, the KPNLAF turned to sabotage and demolition in order to wage a war of attrition. Starting in 1983 the Special Air Service of the United Kingdom secretly provided training to a 250-man KPNLAF commando battalion. Commandos were trained to operate independently in enemy territory in six-man units that attacked bridges, railways, trains, office buildings, artillery, power lines, transformers, and radar stations, using small group tactics, booby-traps, landmines and improvised explosive devices manufactured from commercial products or conventional ordnance. Students were also trained in tactics, weapons, navigation, first aid, radio communications, and unarmed combat. At least six training courses of six to ten weeks were conducted between 1986 and 1989. The training was provided in Thailand at a Thai military facility near the Burmese border, and in Singapore. Revelation by John Pilger of these activities caused considerable debate in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom in July 1991.
Demobilization.
Hostilities involving KPNLAF forces had largely ended by mid-1989, and Vietnam withdrew the bulk of its occupying troops from Cambodia by September 21, 1989. General Dien Del presided over the demobilization of the KPNLAF in February 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20162742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162742" title="Feindouno">
Feindouno

Feindouno may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20162753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162753" title="Non-Nuclear Futures">
Non-Nuclear Futures

Non-Nuclear Futures: The Case for an Ethical Energy Strategy is a 1975 book by Amory B. Lovins and John H. Price. The main theme of the book is that the most important parts of the nuclear power debate are not technical disputes but relate to personal values, and are the legitimate province of every citizen, whether technically trained or not. Lovins and Price suggest that the personal values that make a high-energy society work are all too apparent, and that the values associated with an alternate view relate to thrift, simplicity, diversity, neighbourliness, craftsmanship, and humility. They also argue that large nuclear generators could not be mass-produced. Their centralization requires costly transmission and distribution systems. They are inefficient, not recycling excess thermal energy. They are much less reliable and take longer to build, exposing them to escalated interest costs, mistimed demand forecasts, and wage pressure by unions.
Lovins and Price suggest that these two different sets of personal values and technological attributes lead to two very different policy paths relating to future energy supplies. The first is high-energy nuclear, centralized, electric; the second is lower energy, non-nuclear, decentralized, less electrified, softer technology.
Subsequent publications by other authors which relate to the issue of non-nuclear energy paths are Greenhouse Solutions with Sustainable Energy, Plan B 2.0, Reaction Time, State of the World 2008, The Clean Tech Revolution, and the work of Benjamin K. Sovacool.

</doc>
<doc id="20162773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162773" title="Rosanoff">
Rosanoff

Rosanoff is the surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="20162790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162790" title="Waldemar Wilenius">
Waldemar Wilenius

Waldemar Wilenius (October 26, 1868 Hämeenlinna − September 21, 1940 Helsinki) was a renowned Finnish architect at the end of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th century designing buildings in first a Neo-Renaissance style before moving to an Art Nouveau style. Wilenius completed his studies at the Finnish Polytechnical Institute in 1889, after which he undertook further studies at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts in Stockholm and the Technical University of Berlin. After his studies he returned to Helsinki where he worked at the National Board of Building, fulfilling various positions until 1889. He also established his own architect's office. Wilenius is particularly known for a number of apartment blocks built in the centre of Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="20162797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162797" title="Little Sahara">
Little Sahara

Little Sahara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20162801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162801" title="Henry Broderick">
Henry Broderick

(James) Henry Broderick was an Irish Labour Party politician. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Longford–Westmeath constituency at the June 1927 general election. He was re-elected at the September 1927 general election but lost his seat at the 1932 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20162836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162836" title="Thomas Lawlor (politician)">
Thomas Lawlor (politician)

Thomas Lawlor was an Irish Labour Party politician and trade union official.
In 1925 the Labour Party identified high taxation as a government weakness and decided to contest the Dublin South and Dublin North by-elections. Lawlor, as general secretary of the Irish Municipal Employees Union was the candidate in Dublin South, with Denis Cullen of the Irish Bakers Union running in Dublin North. Neither of them were elected.
Lawlor was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South constituency at the June 1927 general election. He lost his seat at the September 1927 general election. He was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1932 general election but re-gained his seat at the 1937 general election. He lost his seat again at the 1938 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20162838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162838" title="Gratefulness">
Gratefulness

Gratefulness also Katanho is a Cambodian Drama film, based on a true life of a young girl who lived in Phnom Pehn. The film was considered one of the best films of the year in Cambodia. The film had a highly successful theatrical run and received several awards at the Khmer film festival. These included the best actress award for Ly Chan Siha. Despite being based on true life, the film has some similarity to Thailand's 1985 film Walli (thai:วัลลี) . as well as another film produced by Campro production, Neang Neath which seem to be the remake of Nang Nak, Thai 1999s horror film. This film was released at the Kirirom cinema in Phnom Pehn with English Subtitle.
Tag Lines.
"She ran to school because she wanted to study, She ran back home because of her gratefulness"
Plot.
This movie was based on a true story. Lyka was born in a poor family where she was living with her parent and a blind grandma but one day, her father was killed in a car accident when he on the way back home from his work in the Battam bong province. After his death, the mother worked every day and night to feed the family until one day, she was sick. So everything fell to Lyka; she took care of her sick mother and blind grand mother. She ran many kilometers to school and went home after the break and she tried to find another job to buy the medicines and food for her mom and grandmother.
One day, Lyka wrote an Essay which telling a misery life and gratefulness of herself to the class as well as the writing made every classmate including the teacher knew the true life of Lyka. Her essay about her life was published in a newspaper and generous donations flooded in both from inside Cambodia and from foreign countries to Lyka's family which fed her family and paid the hospital bills for Lyka's mother. Lyka's mother life was like the sunset as Lyka was too late to cure her mother from the illness.
At the end, we see Lyka was sitting on railway for a moment and then walking along it when thinking of her life at tomorrow while the sunset.
Awards.
the film received many awards in Khmer film festival:
The Successful of The Actress.
After her role in Gratefulness, Ly Chan Siha become a famous actress. She had roles in several other films including Moronak Meada and won the award for best actress.

</doc>
<doc id="20162855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162855" title="Grupo Calvo">
Grupo Calvo

The Calvo Group is a backward vertically integrated group of companies dedicated to fishing, processing and distribution of canned goods. The group is centred on Luis Calvo Sanz, S.A., a company established in 1940 in Carballo.
In 2003 Calvo opened a facility in El Salvador. In 2006 Calvo expanded its canned fish facility in Gomes da Costa, Brazil. In November 2008 Calvo closed its cannery in Laayoune, Western Sahara. In 2008 Calvo had a net profit of two million Euros.

</doc>
<doc id="20162859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162859" title="Natalia Oreiro discography">
Natalia Oreiro discography

This is the discography of Natalia Oreiro, a Uruguayan pop-rock singer.

</doc>
<doc id="20162865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162865" title="Melanargia occitanica">
Melanargia occitanica

The Western Marbled White "(Melanargia occitanica)" is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It can be found in North Africa and South Western Europe.
The length of the forewings is 25–28 mm. The butterflies fly in one generation from April to June.
The larvae feed on various grasses.

</doc>
<doc id="20162881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162881" title="Albatrellus subrubescens">
Albatrellus subrubescens

Albatrellus subrubescens is a species of polypore fungus in the family Albatrellaceae. The fruit bodies (mushrooms) of the fungus have whitish to pale buff-colored caps that can reach up to in diameter, and stems up to long and thick. On the underside of the caps are tiny light yellow to pale greenish-yellow pores, the site of spore production. When the fruit bodies are fresh, the cap and pores stain yellow where exposed, handled, or bruised.
The species is found in Asia, Europe, and North America, where it grows on the ground in deciduous or mixed woods, usually in association with pine trees. It is closely related, and physically similar, to the more common "Albatrellus ovinus", from which it may be distinguished macroscopically by differences in the color when bruised, and microscopically by the amyloid (staining bluish-black to black with Melzer's reagent) walls of the spores. The fruit bodies of "A. subrubescens" contain scutigeral, a bioactive chemical that has antibiotic activity. "A. subrubescens" mushrooms are mildly poisonous, and consuming them will result in a short-term gastrointestinal illness.
Taxonomy and phylogeny.
The species was first described as "Scutiger subrubescens" by American mycologist William Murrill in 1940, based on collections that he found growing under oak near Gainesville, Florida, in November 1938. In 1947 he transferred it to the genus "Polyporus". Josiah Lincoln Lowe examined Murrill's type material and thought that it did not differ from "Albatrellus confluens". In 1965, Zdeněk Pouzar made collections from Bohemia (now the Czech Republic), and described it as a new species ("Albatrellus similis"), unaware of the similarity to Murrill's Florida specimens. Further study revealed that "A. similis" was identical to Murrill's "Scutiger subrubescens", and Pouzar transferred the latter epithet to "Albatrellus". In 1974, Pouzar recognized that Lowe's species "Albatrellus confluens" was distinct from "A. subrubescens". The specific epithet "subrubescens" is derived from the Latin words "sub" ("under") and "rubescens" ("to grow red").
Four "Albatrellus" species were included in a large-scale phylogenetic analysis of the Russulales order published in 2003. Based on their ribosomal DNA sequences, the four form a clade, or monophyletic group (that is, they derived from a single ancestor). Of the four tested species, "A. ovinus" was most closely related to "A. subrubescens". The polypore "Wrightoporia lenta" (type species of the genus "Wrightoporia") occurred on a single branch basal to the albatrellus clade, implying that it was an earlier ancestor from which the "Albatrellus" species were derived. In a more recent (2010) molecular analysis by Canadian mycologist Serge Audet aimed at clarifying relationships among species formerly placed in "Scutiger", "A. subrubescens" grouped in a clade with "A. ovinus" and "A. citrinus". According to Audet, these species, in addition to "A. avellaneus" and "A. piceiphilus", are the constituents of an "Albatrellus" with limits defined by molecular genetics. Other "Albatrellus" species were transferred to segregate genera: "A. fletti" and "A. confluens" to "Albatrellopsis"; "A. caeruleoporus" and "A. yasudae" to "Neoalbatrellus"; "A. pes-caprae" and "A. ellisii" to an amended "Scutiger".
Description.
The cap of "A. subrubescens" is between in diameter, with a central, eccentric (away from the center), or rarely lateral (attached to the edge of cap) stem. Initially, the cap is convex with an involute margin, flattening out with age. The cap margin may be folded or flat. The cap surface in young specimens is smooth but soon forms appressed scale-like spots, which may transform into scales in age. Initially, the cap has white margins and a brownish-violet center with scale-like spots; the center later becomes orange-brownish or ochraceous brown. According to Canadian mycologist James Ginns, who described North American "Albatrellus" species in 1997, some North American specimens may be covered with blackish-gray to purple-gray fibrils, but this characteristic is not seen in European collections. The cap discolors yellowish when bruised.
The stem is long and thick, cylindrical, irregular, and its base may be somewhat pointed, or bulbous. Initially white, the stem develops orange/violet spots and later brownish orange spots; in old specimens the stem may be brownish brick red. The tubes on the pore surface (underside of the cap) are about 2.5–3 mm long and decurrent in attachment. The pores are small, measuring about 2–3 per millimeter. They are initially greenish-white, but later turn dark brown; dried specimens can have pores that are tinted green. Fruit bodies have a "faintly fragrant, pleasant" odor; in his original report on the species, Murrill noted that specimens left to dry in an oven developed a strong odor of burnt sugar. The taste of the mushroom has been described variously as indistinct, or "distinctly bitter". The type material was noted by Murrill to taste bitter, an observation later corroborated by Pouzar with European collections. "A. subrubescens" mushrooms are mildly toxic: consumption causes a gastrointestinal illness that usually subsides one to four hours after ingestion.
In deposit, the spores are white. The spores are 3.4–4.7 by 2.2–3.4 µm, ellipsoid to ovoid in shape, and amyloid (absorbing iodine when stained with Melzer's reagent). Most have a single large oil drop. The spore-bearing cells (the basidia) are club-shaped, 12–16 µm long by 5.7–7.7 µm thick, and have four thin, slightly curved sterigmata that are 3.4–4.3 µm long. The hymenium lacks any cystidia. The hyphal system is monomitic, meaning that the context is made of thin-walled generative hyphae. These hyphae have lengths in the range of 3.5–30 µm (most commonly 6–17 µm), with thin walls (up to 1 µm thick), and are hyaline (translucent). Although they are inamyloid, some hyphae have internal masses that are colored pale bluish-gray to black, which makes them appear collectively grayish-black under the microscope. Gloeoporous hyphae (wide and thin-walled with refractive contents) are also scattered throughout the context, as well as some hyphae with expanded tips that are thick-walled and amyloid.
Similar species.
In general, "A. subrubescens" can be distinguished from other "Albatrellus" species by its white cap that becomes orange when bruised, its simple-septate hyphae, small amyloid spores, and habitat under pines. In the field, "Albatrellus ovinus" is difficult to differentiate from "A. subrubescens" due to its similar appearance. "A. ovinus" usually lacks the violet color often seen in the cap and stem of "A. subrubescens". Microscopic characteristics can be used to reliably distinguish the two species: the spores of "A. subrubescens" are amyloid, in contrast to those of "A. ovinus", and "A. ovinus" spores are smaller, typically 3.8–4.6 by 3.3–3.5 µm. Other similar species include "A. tianschanicus", described from the Altai Mountains in East-Central Asia, and the Japanese species "A. cantharellus". Unlike "A. subrubescens", these species have hairy scales on the surface of their caps, and the scales are darker than the spaces between the scales. Also, the scales of "A. subrubescens" are not much darker than the area between the scales. Both of these Asian species have larger spores than "A. subrubescens": those of "A. cantharellus" are 4.5–7 by 4–5.5 µm, while those of "A. tianschanicus" are 5–7 by 4–5 µm.
"Albatrellopsis confluens" has caps that are pinkish-buff to pale orange, and white flesh that dries to a pinkish-buff; it has a taste that is bitter, or like cabbage. The spores of "A. confluens" are weakly amyloid. Additional differences distinguishing "Albatrellopsis confluens" from "A. subrubescens" include the presence of clamp connections in the context hyphae, and mycelium on the base of the stem. The European fungus "A. citrinus", originally considered a morphotype of "A. subrubescens", was described as a new species in 2003. It is distinguished from "A. subrubescens" morphologically by its smaller caps (up to in diameter), the yellowish bruising of the caps with age or after handling, and the absence of violet spots on the cap. "A. citrinus" associates with spruce rather than pine, and requires calcareous (lime-rich) soil.
Habitat and distribution.
Fruit bodies of "A. subrubescens" are usually solitary, but sometimes several (typically between two and eight) are stuck together by the stem bases or on the sides of their caps. A strictly terrestrial species, it is not found fruiting on wood. It prefers to grow in pine woods, but has occasionally been associated with silver fir in Europe; fruit bodies associated with the latter tree species tend to be less robust than those found growing with pine. It is suspected that "A. subrubescens" may be mycorrhizal with two- and three-needle pines (i.e., those species that have their needles attached in bundles of two or three), although its ecological preferences are not known with certainty. Ginns, relating a personal communication with David Arora, wrote that Arora encountered several clumps of fruit bodies in an area in California containing mostly knobcone pine (a three-needle pine), manzanita, huckleberry and a few mandrones.
The species has been reported from a variety of locations in temperate regions of Asia, Europe, and North America. In North America, its distribution includes Alberta, Quebec, and the Northwest Territories in Canada. In the United States, it is found in Alabama, Arizona, California, Florida, New York, Texas, Washington, and Wisconsin. The North American distribution extends south to Mexico, in Chiapas. In Asia, the fungus has been recorded from Yunnan in southwest China, and Tibet. In Europe, collections have been reported from Austria, Czechoslovakia, Finland, Germany, Italy, Poland, Sweden, Switzerland, Yugoslavia, and the Ukraine.
Bioactive compounds.
"Albatrellus subrubescens" contains the bioactive compound scutigeral, which has antibiotic activity. This chemical—also found in the related species "A. ovinus"—may contribute to the mushroom's toxicity by disturbing the body's intestinal flora. Scutigeral interacts selectively to the dopamine receptor D1 subfamily (the most abundant dopamine receptor in the central nervous system, regulating neuronal growth and development, and mediating some behavioral responses). A 1999 publication suggested that scutigeral has agonistic activity at vanilloid receptors (a receptor found on sensory nerves in mammals); specifically, that it affects the uptake of calcium in the neurons of rat dorsal root ganglia. Later reports failed to corroborate this pharmacological activity. One 2003 study reported that scutigeral acts as a weak antagonist on the human vanilloid receptor VR1, while another study published that year did not find any activity.

</doc>
<doc id="20162892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162892" title="List of individuals deported or removed from the United States">
List of individuals deported or removed from the United States

The following is an incomplete list of notable individuals who have been deported from the United States. The Bureau of Immigration and Customs Enforcement of the United States Department of Homeland Security handles deportation in the United States. In several cases (i.e., Charlie Chaplin, Adam Habib and Conrad Gallagher), the orders of deportation and/or exclusion were later lifted.
Aside from the Alien and Sedition Acts of 1798 there was no applicable deportation law in the United States until an 1882 statute specifically geared towards Chinese immigrants. The Alien and Sedition Acts gave the President of the United States the power to arrest and subsequently deport any alien that he deemed as dangerous. The 1882 Chinese Exclusion Act was designed to suspend Chinese immigration to the United States, and deport Chinese residents that were termed as illegally residing in the country. The types of individuals that could be deported from the United States was later reclassified to include those who were insane or carrying a disease, convicts, prostitutes, those entering the United States over the immigration quotas, anarchists, and those that belonged to organizations which supported the overthrow of the United States government by use of violence.
Legislation enacted by the United States Congress in 1891 gave a time limit of one year after an alien entered the country for the individual to be deported and decreased judicial review of deportation proceedings. The office of superintendent of immigration in the Department of the Treasury was also created with the 1891 enactment, and this responsibility later passed to the Immigration and Naturalization Service in the United States Department of Justice. During the Red Scare in 1919, a number of persons were deported under suspicion of illegal activity. The statute of limitations on deportation from the United States was removed under the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952. Deportation laws were cited during the 1950s in order to remove union leaders and alleged members of the Communist party said to be illegal immigrants to the country. According to "Funk & Wagnalls New World Encyclopedia", about 23,000 aliens were deported annually from the country during the latter period of the 1980s.
Subsequent to the establishment of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (IIRIRA), deportation and exclusion began to be referred to as "removal" proceedings. Any individual who is not a United States citizen or national is deportable or removable. If an individual is deemed by the government to be removable, he or she will receive an order of removal, called a "Notice To Appear" (NTA) before an immigration judge, who will rule. Either party (the alien or the government prosecutor) may appeal (by legal brief, not in person) an immigration judge's decision to the Board of Immigration Appeals (BIA), based in Falls Church, Virginia, which operates under the aegis of the United States Department of Justice. If an alien fails to appear for any immigration hearing, he or she is usually ordered deported or removed "in absentia". Those individuals who illegally immigrated to the United States constitute the single largest portion of people deported from the country. Once deported or removed, an alien is not allowed to reenter the country unless given special permission to do so by the United States Attorney General. The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency placed 164,000 criminals into deportation proceedings in 2007, and estimated that figure would be 200,000 for 2008. 
In 2001 approximately 73,000 illegal immigrants with criminal convictions were deported from the United States, and in 2007 this figure was 91,000. In 2011, the United States deported 396,906 people. Of those deported 54.6% were criminal offenders.

</doc>
<doc id="20162896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162896" title="Larentia clavaria">
Larentia clavaria

The Mallow ("Larentia clavaria") is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found from Europe to North Africa and from Anatolia to the Caucasus.
The wingspan is 36–40 mm. The moth flies from August to November depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Althaea officinalis" and "Malva" species.

</doc>
<doc id="20162909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162909" title="Peruvian Naval Aviation">
Peruvian Naval Aviation

The Peruvian Naval Aviation () is the air branch of the Peruvian Navy. It was originally formed in 1919 as the Naval Aviators Corps ("Cuerpo de Aviadores Navales") but was merged in 1932 with the Peruvian Army Aviation. The service was recreated under its current name on July 3, 1963. It is currently made up of three operational squadrons and the Naval Aviation School ("Escuela de Aviación Naval"). The squadrons are distributed among three bases: Lima-Callao, which is part of Lima's Jorge Chávez International Airport, San Juan de Marcona and Pucallpa.
Organization.
Training squadron based at San Juan de Marcona.
Reconnaissance and maritime surveillance squadron.
Transport squadron.
Attack squadron, based at Lima-Callao and naval units.
Aircraft.
Former aircraft types include Keystone K-55 (1927-?), Grumman S-2E Tracker - (1973–1984), Handley Page and Boeing NB-1, as well as helicopter such as the Alouette III and the Bell 47G (1962-?).

</doc>
<doc id="20162918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162918" title="Coenagrion hastulatum">
Coenagrion hastulatum

The Northern Damselfly or Spearhead Bluet (Coenagrion hastulatum) is a damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
The species is widespread and common in northern Eurasia but is restricted to elevated or bog-like sites towards the west and south. In Britain, it is confined to a few small lochans in Scotland.
"C. hastulatum" is long.
The specific part of the scientific name, "hastulatum", from the Latin "hastula" (small spear) is because of the distinctive markings on the second segment of the abdomen that resembles a spear.

</doc>
<doc id="20162924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162924" title="Leo Zobel">
Leo Zobel

Leo Zobel (28 January 1895, Nitra - 25 April 1962) was a Slovak chess master.
He won the 7th Czechoslovak Chess Championship at Prague 1931. He also took 12th at Trenčianske Teplice 1928 (Boris Kostić won), tied for 9-10th at Brno 1929 (the 6th CSR-ch, Karel Opočenský won), and tied for 10-11th at Stubňanské Teplice 1930 (Andor Lilienthal won).

</doc>
<doc id="20162927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162927" title="Ramon Flecha">
Ramon Flecha

Ramón Flecha is a professor of sociology at the University of Barcelona, Doctor Honoris Causa from West University of Timişoara, and a renowned researcher in social sciences in Europe. Alain Touraine commented about Flecha's contribution: "At times, as Ramón Flecha demonstrates, knowledge goes from bottom to top, when individuals without degrees produce and invent cultural analyses based on their own experience." Ulrich Beck has said that Flecha's book "Contemporary Sociological Theory": "combines rigorous research with facts, including the intention for a dialogical utopia. But this broad intention is presented in the book, joining theory with critique and empirical research with praxis, in such a charming way that it grabs its readers and captures them under its spell."
Flecha’s investigations stand out for their joint impact in the scientific, political and social domains. The main conclusion of the first project that he directed in the European Union’s Framework Program of research WORKALO. "The creation of new occupational patterns for cultural minorities: The gypsy case" was passed by unanimous vote by the European Parliament leading to different European and member states’ policies. The second project directed by him (INCLUD-ED."Strategies for inclusion and social cohesion from education in Europe") was the only one from the Social Sciences and Humanities included in the list that the European Commission published with 10 successful scientific investigations. 
His sociological contributions cover different areas: research methodology (communicative methodology), culture (dialogic literary gatherings), economy (successful cooperative actions), education (learning communities), cultural groups (dialogic societal community), new masculinities (alternative masculinities), sociology of science (scientific, political and social impact) and social theory (dialogic societies). His work has been published in twelve different languages including German, Catalan, Korean, Chinese, Spanish, Basque, Galician, Finnish, French, English, Portuguese, Romanian.  
A doctoral thesis published as a book presents large evidence of the coherence in both his personal and his social life through with the values and feelings that he has promoted through his intellectual work. This thesis, entitled  "Aportaciones de Jesús Gómez y Ramón Flecha a las teorías y prácticas dialógicas (1965-2006)" of Jesús Gómez and Ramon Flecha a to dialogic theories and practices was defended by Elisenda Giner and directed by Donaldo Macedo (University of Massachusetts), Floro Sanz (UNED) and LuisTorrego (Universidad de Valladolid). The hall was full of people coming from very different places. It ended with the proven conclusion: we can teach boys and girls that their friendships, if they take care of them, cannot only make their lives extraordinary, but also improve the lives of all humanity.
Biography.
Ramon Flecha was born in 1952. In 1967 he collaborated in the creation of a center of cultural activities in the poorest area of his hometown, Bilbao. From 1969, and until the dawn of democracy in Spain, he was a member of the clandestine movement against Franco’s dictatorship (Giner, 2010). He played a relevant role as a leader of the democratic movement in all the places where he studied, worked or lived, managing to combine this role with his open opposition to those who within these clandestine movements were in favor of other sort of dictatorships and to those who exerted or justified sexual harassment within organizations. As proven by the many and diverse evidence collected by Dr. Giner (2010), he was always consistent in his personal and social life with the ideas bof democracy, equality and freedom which he defended in his work. 
In 1978 he moved to live in a neighborhood with shaks in Barcelona and he founded the Popular Centre La Verneda-Sant Martí, which cultural democratic task has been highlighted by an article in the Harvard Educational Review, being the first Spanish educational experience published in this journal. The theory and practice of Dialogic learning elaborated in that first experience has been the basis of the transformation of schools in Learning Communities. His book "Sharing Words" (published in Spain, USA and China) narrates the personal and social transformation of the participants in the dialogic literary gatherings which is a cultural activity created by Flecha in 1981. In the first scientific studies that he directed, he elaborated the communicative methodology of research which is currently acknowledged, published and taught by some of the most relevant scientific research programs, the best universities and the most relevant journals. His theory of the dialogic societies has guided the foundation and the activities mof a research centre (CREA) which is being presented as a model of sociological work in the 21st century. In 2007, he started, together with Erik Olin Wright an International research network about successful companies with solidarity, and therefore his concept of successful cooperative actions. In 1977, he started a work around the new masculinities that has been opening up a path against the flow until recently when the concept of alternative masculinities is being investigated and published. 
In 1991 Flecha founded CREA, centre of research that has had a great impact improving both forms of work as well the personal relations within the Spanish universities. The research of SAFO, CREA women’s group, led to the legislation of the obligation for Spanish universities to have commissions of equality and protocols against gender violence in the Equality Law of 2007. In January 2004 they broke the silence in Spanish universities and Flecha supported them as the director of the centre. The hard prosecution of the university lobby of harassers against the members of the centre did not stop the fact that, from then on, Spanish university professors were more free to develop their intellectual tasks and also freely decide their personal relationships, with the strength of the harassments to prevent this decreasing slowly. CREA has also been distinguished for maintaining an internal atmosphere of scientific and coexistence excellence among people from very diverse options as regards culture, gender, ideology, religion, types of life and social origins. 
In 2007, he received the Doctorate Honoris Causa by the University of West Timisoara. In the year 2010 the FAGIC (Federation of Roma Associations of Catalonia) awarded him with the FAGIC prize for his contribution to the recognition of the Roma people. In June 2013, he received the Gold Medal for the Merit in Education 2012 awarded by the Government of Andalusia.
Throughout his career, Flecha has given lectures around the world, in universities such as Harvard, Columbia, Montpellier, Aachen, Glasgow, Porto Alegre, Seoul, and UNAM.

</doc>
<doc id="20162937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162937" title="Bigeye bomb">
Bigeye bomb

The Bigeye bomb was a proposed U.S. binary chemical weapon. The Bigeye was a glide bomb designed under the auspices of the U.S. Navy. Initially approved by the Carter administration, the program persisted into the early 1990s.
Background.
As the stockpile of unitary chemical weapons began to leak in the 1970s the Department of Defense was acutely aware of the public backlash this created. With this in mind the Pentagon insisted it needed a binary chemical weapons program to counter and deter a Soviet or third-world chemical attack. The U.S. Army's Chemical Corps was reactivated in 1976 and with it came the increased desire for the Army to acquire a retaliatory chemical capability in the form of that binary chemical weapons program. Initially, the United States was in arms control talks with the Soviet Union and then-President Jimmy Carter rejected Army requests for authorization of the binary chemical weapons program. The talks deteriorated and Carter eventually granted the request. However, at the last minute Carter pulled the provision from the budget, this action left the decision on a retaliatory binary chemical weapons program to Ronald Reagan.
History.
Bigeye was the codename for the BLU-80, a concept conceived during 1959. During the 1970s at Pine Bluff Arsenal around 200 test articles were produced. Initial contracts for the Bigeye were awarded in June 1988, to the Marquardt Company, the project's primary contractor. The original timeline for the U.S. binary chemical weapons program called for the Bigeye to be deployed by September 1988. Reagan authorized the spending of more than $59 million in 1986 ($ in present-day terms) to revive the chemical weapons program, under the original timeline, the Bigeye was to be the first of these weapons produced. After a General Accounting Office (GAO) report pointed out numerous flaws in the program the U.S. Senate moved to effectively kill the binary chemical weapons program, including the Bigeye bomb. In 1989 President George H.W. Bush announced that the U.S. would retain the option to produce such binary weapons even after the Chemical Weapons Convention took effect. At the time of his announcement, 1992 was the earliest date Bigeyes were expected to be produced.
Specifications.
The Bigeye was a roughly bomb delivered by plane. It consisted of two separate canisters of chemical weapons which were combined just before flight. It was the separation that was meant to make handling the weapons simpler by increasing their shelf life and decreasing the amount of maintenance they required. The bomb was a U.S. Navy weapon designed to spray VX nerve agent over a target area by gliding through the air over it. Inside the weapon two compounds, non-toxic by themselves, sulfur and QL, were combined to create VX.
The Bigeye bomb would have weighed ; would have been chemical agent, VX in this case. It was to have a length of and a diameter of . The glide bomb had a wingspan of . The Bigeye was not planned to have any guidance, propulsion or autopilot systems.
Problems and issues.
The 14 year plus, on again off again, Bigeye bomb program was plagued with problems and controversy from its outset. The Chemical Corps was accused of interest in binary chemical weapons only to enhance its recent reactivation; critics also charged the Army was opposed to arms control talks. Also criticized was the entire idea of a modern American chemical weapons program. Such a program, the argument went, would actually encourage others to develop chemical weapons, as opposed to acting as a deterrent.
The testing, which had dismal results, presented its own set of problems. In 1987 the Navy conducted 58 tests, results were "very inconsistent". Problems the Navy encountered with the Bigeye included excessive pressure build-up, questions about the lethality of the chemical mixture, unpredictable agent burning, and overall performance concerns. Scientists debated the efficacy of the binary weapons program, especially since the Bigeye had only been tested using simulants. This led to speculation that the binary weapons might be inferior to those unitary weapons they were replacing. The GAO repeatedly backed these assertions, maintaining that the Bigeye was not adequately tested and that it had encountered major technical issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20162949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162949" title="Walter Skocik">
Walter Skocik

Walter Skocik (born September 6, 1940 in Schwechat) is a former international Austrian footballer and football manager.

</doc>
<doc id="20162960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162960" title="Paracolax tristalis">
Paracolax tristalis

The Clay Fan-foot "(Paracolax tristalis)" is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 28–35 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various shrubs and deciduous trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20162967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162967" title="Online marketing platform">
Online marketing platform

Online marketing platform (OMP) is an integrated web-based platform that combines the benefits of a business directory, local search engine, search engine optimisation (SEO) tool, customer relationship management (CRM) package and content management system (CMS).
The Online Marketing now has grown to global scale but lately, it has reversed the growth to local level. It's called local online marketing platform where the strategy is not to amass huge chunk of market but by spreading into small local groups and catering to the market locally.
Software market.
Ebay and Amazon are well known online marketing and logistics management platform.<br>
With Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest, or LinkedIn, the world of Social Media opens up new retail online marketing platforms.
<br>
Since few years, many online business marketing platforms such as Marketo, Aprimo, MarketBright or Pardot have been bought by major IT companies (Eloqua-Oracle, Neolane-Adobe and Unica-IBM).

</doc>
<doc id="20162977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162977" title="Adergas">
Adergas

Adergas (in older sources also "Adergaz", ) is a village in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Velesovo Monastery.
The Velesovo Monastery, a Dominican convent, was developed around the local church, dedicated to the Annunciation. It was founded by the Patriarchate of Aquileia in 1238, but was badly damaged in 1471 during an Ottoman raid. The current building, what was the eastern wing of the original monastery, dates to the first half of the 18th century and was erected upon the plans of the constructor expert . It houses the local school, the parish offices, and a number of residences. The Baroque church of the monastery was erected in the second half of the 18th century upon the plans of the architect . It contains the oldest Medieval statue in Slovenia, the Velesovo Madonna, dated to ca. 1220. The statue is a painted wooden Romanesque sculpture about half a meter tall from about 1220.

</doc>
<doc id="20162981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20162981" title="Sixteen Soldiers">
Sixteen Soldiers

Sixteen Soldiers is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Sri Lanka. It also comes from India under the name Cows and Leopards. The game is similar to draughts and Alquerque as players hop over one another's pieces to capture them. However, unlike draughts and standard Alquerque, the game is played on an expanded Alquerque board consisting of four triangular boards attached to the four sides of an Alquerque board. Also, pieces can move and capture in any direction from the beginning. There is no promotion to King. Its actual closest relatives are Peralikatuma and Kotu Ellima which are also from the Indian subcontinent. The only real difference between these three closely related games is the number of pieces. In Sixteen Soldiers, each player has 16 pieces hence the name of the game. In Peralikatuma, each player has 23 pieces. In Kotu Ellima, each player has 24 pieces. Sixteen Soldiers is also related to the Indonesian game of Permainan-Tabal. 
Goal.
The player who captures all the other player's pieces wins. 
Equipment.
An expanded Alquerque board is used. Four triangle boards are attached to the center of the four sides of an Alquerqe board. Each player has 16 pieces. One player has the white pieces, and the other has the black pieces, however, any two colors or distinguishable objects will do. Pieces are played on the intersection points of the board.
Game Play and Rules.
1. Players decide what colors to play, and who starts first. Players alternate their turns, and only use one piece to either move or capture per turn.
2. Each players pieces are initially set up on the first four ranks of their side of the board.
3. A piece moves one space per turn in any direction following the pattern on the board onto an unoccupied point on the board.
4. A piece can capture an enemy piece in any direction by the short leap as in draughts or Alquerque. The player's piece must be adjacent to the enemy piece, and leap over it onto a vacant point on the other side. The leap must be in a straight line following the pattern on the board. The same piece can continue to capture and even change direction to capture provided capturing requirements are satisfied. Captures are compulsory. A piece must continue to capture if it is able to do so. Captured pieces are removed from the board. 
5. If a player does not capture any enemy piece during their turn, but was actually able to do so, then the other player removes that piece that failed to make its capture from the board. If there is more than one piece to choose from, any one will do. The piece is said to be "huffed", and then removed.
6. If a player has more than one option to capture, then the player can choose any one (and only one) of them. 
Related Games.
Peralikatuma, Kotu Ellima, Permainan-Tabal, draughts, Alquerque

</doc>
<doc id="20163011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163011" title="Customer interaction tracker">
Customer interaction tracker

Customer interaction tracker (CIT) is a software and/or process of gathering information about customers interactions against all levels throughout a business. A CIT does not only track customers who have actually bought a product or service, but also keeps track of future prospects and how they interact with sales organisations. 
The difference between a CRM system and CIT is the approach and philosophy of what a customer actually is. CRM tends to see a customer as a user of a product or service, where CIT focuses on a broader perspective; from potential customer, active customer and terminated customer. By logging all actions a customer do when interacting with you as a company, in every level, on every product/service, trends can be analysed on very specific customer groups. 
The weak point of a CIT is that it demands that all user interactions is logged into the system. Failing to do so renders analysis uncertain and in worst case useless.

</doc>
<doc id="20163012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163012" title="Just Friends (disambiguation)">
Just Friends (disambiguation)

Just Friends is a 2005 romantic comedy film.
Just Friends may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20163019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163019" title="Louis Puech">
Louis Puech

Louis Puech (1 May 1852, Gavernac, Bozouls, Aveyron - 15 July 1947, Aubignac, Aveyron) was a député of the French Third Republic and Minister of Public Works in the second government of Aristide Briand from 3 November 1910 to 24 February 1911. During his 30 years in office he was inscribed with the group of Républicains de gauche. He was the brother of the sculptor Denys Puech, director of the Villa Médicis (1921–33).
Life.
A lawyer by profession, he was noted for pleading in several varied political affairs, notably those of the grévistes of Decazeville (also known as the Watrin affair) and the anarchists Monod and Lucas.
Conseiller municipal for Paris between 1893 and 1898 and a député for the Seine (3rd arrondissement of Paris) from 1898 to 1932, he was known for having denounced the poor care and pitiable monitoring of the archives for France's colonial African administrations, revealing he was in possession of originals which should never have left Africa. His action forced the then Minister for the Colonies to review the organisation of the archives in French West Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20163024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163024" title="Naoki Matsuyo">
Naoki Matsuyo


</doc>
<doc id="20163038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163038" title="Hermina Morita">
Hermina Morita

Hermina 'Mina' Morita (born September 2, 1954), is the chair of the Public Utilities Commission (PUC) of the State of Hawaii. She previously served as a Democratic member of the Hawaii House of Representatives, representing the state's 14th District between her election in 1996 and 2011, when she was appointed to the PUC. The district includes Hanalei, Princeville, and Kapaa on the island of Kauai. Morita was the chair of the House Committee on Energy and Environmental Protection. 
On March 14, 2011 Morita was confirmed as chair of the Public Utilities Commission. She was appointed by Governor Abercrombie and is the first ever female chair of the PUC.

</doc>
<doc id="20163046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163046" title="Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Taliparamba">
Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Taliparamba

Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan is an Indian educational trust. It was founded on November 7, 1938 by Dr. K. M. Munshi, with the blessings of Mahatma Gandhi. The trust's programmes, through its 117 centres in India, 7 centres abroad and 355 constituent institutions, cover "all aspects of life from the cradle to the grave and beyond -- it fills a growing vacuum in modern life", as Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru observed when he first visited the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan in 1950.
Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Taliparamba Kendra (BVB Tpba) is a senior secondary school affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), New Delhi. It is a part of the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, a group of India's premier educational institutions and is situated in Mahatma Udyan, Taliparamba, Kannur District, Kerala.
Ideals
The Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan is a totally apolitical organisation. Munshi looked upon the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan as an "adventure in faith", a faith not only in India's past, present and future, but also in India's people who have a rich and unbroken cultural heritage. The Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan believes that there are elements in all cultures which transcend all barriers and knit people together. Its ideal is Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam, which means "the world is one family"
Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan's motto is "Let noble thoughts come to us from every side", a quote from the Rigveda. The constitution of the Bhavan lays down the qualities that everyone connected with the Bhavan should develop for the Bhavan's consolidation and sustained growth. They are:
History.
Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Taliparamba Kendra was founded in 1999 on 8.5 acres of land in the heart of Taliparamba Taluk. The school functions under the purview of the Taliparamba Kendra of Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan.Sri. P C VIJAYARAJAN is the Chairman of the Kendra. 
School motto.
The motto of the school is "Aa no badraaha kartavyo yanthu vishwatahah" (devanagari: आः नो भद्राः कर्तव्यो यन्तु विश्वतः) which translated to English means "Let Noble thoughts come to us from every side".

</doc>
<doc id="20163047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163047" title="Sota Nakazawa">
Sota Nakazawa

Club career stats.
Last update: 20 Feburuary 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20163057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163057" title="Ambrož pod Krvavcem">
Ambrož pod Krvavcem

Ambrož pod Krvavcem () is a high-elevation village in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Sveti Ambrož" (literally, 'Saint Ambrose') to "Ambrož pod Krvavcem" (literally, 'Ambrose below Mount Krvavec') in 1955. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms. In the 19th century the German name was "Sankt Ambrosi".
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Ambrose, thus also the village's name.

</doc>
<doc id="20163060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163060" title="Jean Dupuy">
Jean Dupuy

Jean Dupuy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20163064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163064" title="Spy in the House of Love">
Spy in the House of Love

Spy in the House of Love may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20163074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163074" title="Yohei Fukumoto">
Yohei Fukumoto

He was a member of Japan U-20 national football team for 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup held in Canada.
Club career stats.
Last update: 31 December 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20163080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163080" title="Madinat Jumeirah">
Madinat Jumeirah

Madinat Jumeirah the Arabian Resort - Dubai, is a luxurious 5 star resort in Dubai and is also the largest resort in the emirate, spreading across over 40 hectares of landscapes and gardens. It is designed to resemble a traditional Arabian town. The resort comprises two boutique hotels (Al Qasr and Mina A'Salam) and a courtyard of 29 summer houses called Dar Al Masyaf.
The resort has over 40 restaurants and bars.
Location.
Madinat Jumeirah is located along one kilometre of private beachfront adjacent to Jumeirah Beach Hotel, Burj Al Arab, and Wild Wadi Water Park. It is an approximate 30 minute drive from Dubai International Airport in non-peak traffic.
History.
Developer Mirage Mille retained Creative Kingdom (US/Dubai) to create the concept for the resort. Creative Kingdom then served as Thematic Architect for the development with DSA Architects (Dubai/South Africa) serving as Architect of Record. Leisure Quest International (US) developed the entertainment and attraction program and design. The project took 36 months to complete construction from the initial drawing boards to the opening of the first phase of the resort, Mina A’ Salam, in September 2003. The underlying concept was to recreate life as it used to be for residents along Dubai Creek, complete with waterways, abras, wind towers and a bustling souk.
Design.
Madinat Jumeirah encompasses two boutique hotels; Al Qasr which literally translates to The Palace, Mina A'Salam, and Dar Al Masyaf; Arabic summerhouses located around the resort grounds with views of the private beach and gardens. The resort also provides conference and banqueting facilities, and various dining options, with over 40 restaurants ranging from casual to signature dining, with some world renowned restaurants.
Mina A’ Salam or 'The Harbour of Peace' was the first of the boutique hotels to be completed, and features 292 rooms and suites. 
Al Qasr, which literally translates to 'The Palace', comprises 292 rooms and suites, designed to reflect a sheikh’s summer residence. 
Dar Al Masyaf consists of 29 stand-alone, two-storey residential retreats inspired by traditional Arabian summer houses. Each of the 29 'houses' features 8–11 rooms and suites which are extended across the resort grounds, surrounded by landscaped gardens, with some located on the beachfront, and guests have a 24 hour butler service.
5.4 km of waterways link the different areas of the resort, and water taxis (Abra (boat)) allow guests to travel along them to all parts of the resort. The waterway is in constant flow with sea water being pumped in at one end of the resort and flowing back out to sea at the other end. The waterways are also home to a turtle sanctuary that aims to rehabilitate injured turtles.
Turtle Rehabilitation.
The Madinat Jumeirah waterways are home to a turtle sanctuary which aims to house injured turtles prior to release back into the wild. The turtle pen is located at Mina a'Salam and is directly in between Al Muna and Zheng He's restaurants. 
Time Out Dubai - Turtles Saved
IOSEA Turtles

</doc>
<doc id="20163084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163084" title="Franz G. Jacob">
Franz G. Jacob

Franz G. Jacob (Jakob) (born 1870 - died ?) was a German chess master.
Born in Strasbourg, Alsace, he took 16th at Munich 1900 (the 12th DSB Congress, Géza Maróczy, Harry Pillsbury and Carl Schlechter won), tied for 27-28th in the Ostend 1907 chess tournament (Masters' Tournament, Ossip Bernstein and Akiba Rubinstein won), tied for 9-12th at Düsseldorf 1908 (the 16th DSB Congress, Frank Marshall won), and withdrew after round 6 at Hamburg 1910 (the 17th DSB Congress).

</doc>
<doc id="20163086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163086" title="1924 Rose Bowl">
1924 Rose Bowl

The 1924 Rose Bowl was a postseason American college football bowl game played between the independent Navy Midshipmen and the Washington Huskies, a member of the Pacific Coast Conference (PCC). The game took place on January 1, 1924, at the Rose Bowl stadium in Pasadena, California, closing the 1923 college football season. The game opened in front of approximately 40,000 people and ended in a 1414 tie. It was the first post-season bowl game for both teams. The 1924 game was the tenth edition of the Rose Bowl, which had first been played in 1902. Following the inaugural game's blowout score, football was replaced with chariot races until 1916. The Rose Bowl stadium had been constructed in 1923, making this edition the second game played in the arena.
The game's organizers had previously selected a team from the East Coast and the West Coast, and asked the Washington Huskies to represent the West Coast. Washington requested that the Navy Midshipmen be their opponents, and Navy accepted. Washington selected Navy in favor of several teams from the east which had amassed better records. Both teams had suffered only a single loss during the season, but Washington had won eight games compared with Navy's five, although Navy had also amassed two ties. Predictions gave Washington a slight advantage in the game due to the weight difference between the teams: the Washington players were on average heavier than those of Navy.
The game kicked off in the afternoon; heavy rain showers had fallen the day before, causing a slight delay. The first quarter was scoreless, but Navy scored a touchdown on the first play of the second quarter. Washington answered Navy with a 23-yard touchdown run on the next drive. Near the end of the second quarter, Navy scored a touchdown on a two-yard run, giving them a 147 halftime lead. The third quarter was a defensive stalemate as neither team scored. Navy fumbled the ball on their own ten-yard line late in the quarter. Four plays afterward, Washington tied the game on a 12-yard touchdown pass. Navy threw an interception at midfield, and Washington drove down to the Navy 20-yard line before attempting a game-winning field goal. The kick missed and the game ended shortly afterwards.
For his performance in the game, Navy quarterback Ira McKee was named the Most Valuable Player. Navy led in nearly every statistical aspect of the contest. Washington returned to the Rose Bowl at the end of the 1925 season, falling to the Alabama Crimson Tide 2019. Navy did not participate in another bowl game until 1955, when their squad, nicknamed the "team named desire", upset the Ole Miss Rebels in the Sugar Bowl. Since the 1924 Rose Bowl, Navy and Washington have met five more times; the Huskies won three of the games.
Team selection.
The Rose Bowl game was first played in 1902, as a way to help fund the Rose Parade. Because of the first contest's lopsided score, a football game was not played again until 1916, having been replaced by chariot races. Between 1902 and 1947, the Rose Bowl was played between a team from the East Coast and a team from the West Coast. Until the construction of the Rose Bowl stadium, which began hosting the game in 1923, it was called the "Tournament East–West football game". Because the Pacific Coast Conference (PCC) was the only conference with teams located in the Western United States, a school from the conference had been chosen for every Rose Bowl game. The tournament committee invited the University of Washington Huskies to participate in the 1924 game, and they accepted. Washington was then allowed by the organization to select its opponent for the gamethe first time a team was allowed to do so. Washington chose the Navy Midshipmen based on a suggestion from the committee, and Navy accepted the invitation.
Navy.
The Navy Midshipmen entered the Rose Bowl under coach Bob Folwell with five wins, one loss, and two ties (512). Navy's sole loss in the 1923 season came in their annual game against Penn State, which they lost 213. All five of Navy's wins came against eastern teams, including Colgate and William and Mary, and two of Navy's wins were shutouts, against Colgate and Saint Xavier. Navy tied 00 with Army in the 1923 Army–Navy Game, the last game of the season, played on November 23 in front of nearly 70,000 spectatorsincluding high-ranking military officials. Their other tie was a 33 game against Princeton. Navy was selected by Washington to participate in the Rose Bowl, although several teams with better records were eligible. Both Cornell and Yale finished the season with an undefeated 80 record. Eleven teams finished with only one loss, including Furman (101), Notre Dame (91), and the Virginia Military Institute (VMI) (91).
Washington.
The Washington Huskies entered the 1924 Rose Bowl with a record of eight wins and one loss (81) under coach Enoch Bagshaw. Washington opened their season with victories over teams from the battleships "Mississippi" and "New York"; because these teams did not represent colleges, they were not considered an official part of Washington's schedule. Washington's first official game ended with a 340 shutout of Willamette, which was followed by four more shutouts. Washington's next game was a 2614 victory over PCC opponent Montanathe first points Washington allowed all season. The squad's following game was their sole loss: a 90 shutout by conference opponent California. Washington finished the regular season with two straight wins over conference opponents, including a victory in the Apple Cup over Washington State.
Pre-game buildup.
The 1924 Rose Bowl was the first meeting between Navy and Washington, and was the first bowl game that either team participated in. The competitors were announced on November 30, 1923, and the teams arrived for the bowl in mid-December, holding practices until the evening before the game. Heavy rain fell the night before the competition; Bagshaw said, "Wet weather will not bother us", and Folwell said, "My men will know what to do in the mud and will be there doing it". However, because of the wet conditions, several football critics predicted that Washington would have a slight advantage in the game due to their larger size. It was estimated that 52,000 people would attend the game. For the first time, the participating teams were responsible for ticket sales, and as a result only 40,000 people actually attended; a large number of tickets were sold to a navy fleet which was called to service on December 31, the day before the game. The competition was the first Rose Bowl to be broadcast on radio, and was aired by a local Pasadena station.
Navy.
During the 1923 football season, the Navy Midshipmen outscored their opponents 13343, led by quarterback Ira McKee, who threw several touchdown passes throughout the year. Navy's other offensive strong point was running back Carl Cullen, who ran for several hundred yards during the season. The Navy defense was considered weak by football critics, with an average player weight of less than that of Washington. Navy's defense had stopped running plays successfully during the regular season, but had trouble defending pass plays. Navy's special teams were considered by critics to be decent, about even with those of Washington.
Washington.
The Washington Huskies had outscored their opponents 20337 during the regular season, excluding the games against the USS New York and USS Mississippi. Washington's running backs, George Wilson and Elmer Tesreau, led their offense during the season, each gaining several hundred rushing yards. However, Tesreau was suffering from boils on his knee, and his coaches urged him to not play in the Rose Bowl. The Washington defense was considered superior to that of Navy, being much larger on average. Washington's defense had been very effective during the regular season, holding five teams scoreless and allowing more than ten points to be scored against them only once. Washington's special teams were considered to be average.
Game summary.
The kickoff for the Rose Bowl was originally scheduled for 2:00 p.m. on January 1, 1924, but the night before the game, a meeting of the Rose Bowl organization rescheduled the kickoff time to 2:16 p.m. the same day. This was likely due to poor field conditions caused by the previous night's rain. The opening ceremonies were the most elaborate of any bowl game up to that time, with numerous events held. Navy admiral Samuel Shelburne Robison received an admiral's salute from Navy's band when he took his seat. The Navy band and the color guard of the marines performed the National Anthem, then the marine color guard hoisted the U.S. flag over the field. Both teams' mascots were walked around the field before the kickoff. The Tournament of Roses predicted that tickets would be sold out by the day of the game, but actual ticket sales were much lower than they had hoped. Still, sales were higher than those of several previous competitions.
First half.
The game began at the rescheduled time, with a temperature of and the field still wet. Because of the playing conditions, running plays were ineffective, which caused problems for the Washington offense. Navy instead used passing plays, which the Washington defense had trouble stopping. Navy was driving down to the 22-yard line of Washington when the first quarter ended. Navy controlled the first quarter, completing all six passing attempts and holding the Washington offense to under 100 yards gained.
On their first play of the second quarter, Navy scored a touchdown on a pass play from Ira McKee to Carl Cullen. McKee kicked the extra point for Navy, giving them a 7–0 lead. In an attempt to trick Washington, Navy tried an onside kick on the next play, but Washington recovered the ball. After two short running plays, Washington quarterback Fred Abel completed a 23-yard pass to running back Kinsley Dubois, bringing Washington inside the 25-yard line. On the next play, running back George Wilson ran the ball 23 yards for a touchdown. Washington's kicker converted the extra point to tie the game at 7–7. After several drives from each team that did not result in further scoring, Navy completed a 57-yard pass down to the Washington eight-yard line. Two plays later, Ira McKee ran the ball in from two yards out for a touchdown, then afterward converted the extra point. The first half ended with Navy leading by 147, having completed all 11 passes they attempted.
Second half.
Both teams' defenses controlled the third quarter, allowing no points to be scored. Navy's McKee completed three more pass plays before his first incompletion, which came on his fourteenth attempt. Washington's offense had little success in the third quarter, being held to only a few yards gained and turning the ball over once. In the fourth quarter, after several unsuccessful drives by each team, Navy made a major error. After being stopped on their own 26-yard line, Navy improperly lined up in a punt formation, and the center snapped the ball over the punter's head. The ball was recovered by Washington on the Navy ten-yard line. Washington lost two yards in three plays, and faced a fourth down from the Navy 12-yard line. Washington stacked their offensive line, allowing their left guard, James Bryan, to become an eligible receiver. Fred Abel passed the ball to Bryan, who caught it just short of the goal line and walked into the end zone for the touchdown. Washington's kicker then converted the extra point, tying the game at 14.
Navy received the ball from Washington and began to throw it erratically. After gaining several yards, Ira McKee threw an interception near midfield. On the next play, Fred Abel threw a long pass to George Wilson, who was tackled on the Navy 20-yard line after gaining 30 yards. Washington brought out their placekicker, Leonard Ziel, to kick a 32-yard field goal, which would have won them the game. Ziel kicked the ball about a yard short of the right upright, giving the ball back to Navy with the game still tied. A few plays later the game ended in a 1414 tie.
Statistical summary.
For his performance in the 1924 Rose Bowl, Navy quarterback Ira McKee was awarded with Most Valuable Player (MVP) honors. McKee completed 16 of 20 passes for a total of 175 yards, including one pass for a touchdown. McKee also had 85 rushing yards on twelve attempts. Washington running back Elmer Tesreau was given the game's Ironman Award, though he had made little effect on the game. Against the urging of his coaches, Tesreau had played with boils completely covering one knee. He left near the end of the game, and was later discovered to have broken his previously unaffected leg in multiple places.
Navy's McKee threw for a perfect 11 of 11 passes during the first half, but completed just five of nine attempts during the second half. Two of these incompletions were interceptions. McKee outthrew Washington's Fred Abel by 110 yards. Carl Cullen was McKee's main receiver for the game, catching ten passes from him, one of which was taken for a touchdown. The other six passes were caught by other receivers. On the ground, Cullen rushed for the most yards of any player, gaining 102 throughout the course of the game. McKee was Navy's key runner, gaining 85 yards. Cullen, McKee, fullback Alan Shapley, and other team members rushed for a total of 187 yards during the game. McKee completed both extra point attempts, and the squad's punter kicked five times, for an average distance of 33.8 yards.
Abel attempted eight passes during the game, and completed just three for a total of 65 yards. Of Abel's five incompletions, two were interceptions. Kinsley Dubois caught two of Abel's completed passes, amassing 53 receiving yards. Guard James Bryan caught the other, a 12-yard touchdown pass. George Wilson led Washington in rushing yards, gaining 87 over the course of the game, and scoring Washington's only rushing touchdown. Kinsley Dubois came next, gaining 30 yards, followed by Abel, with 20. The remainder of the team's 137 rushing yards were amassed by others, including Tesreau. Washington's kicker Leonard Zeil was two for two on extra points, but missed his only field goal attempt. Washington punted nine times, averaging 33 yards per attempt.
Aftermath.
The tie gave Washington an 811 record for the 1923 season, the second best in school history up to that point. It remained behind the 1916 season, when the squad went 601. Navy's record went to 513, a slight improvement from the previous year, when the team went 52. It became Navy's eighth straight winning season.
Washington went 811 in the 1924 season, remaining under the direction of coach Enoch Bagshaw. The team was invited to the 1926 Rose Bowl after completing an undefeated 1101 1925 season. They lost the game to the Alabama Crimson Tide by a score of 2019. Washington finished the 1920s with an overall record of 65266; Bagshaw coached the team for every season except 1920, when they were under the leadership of Stub Allison. Navy finished the 1924 season with a 26 record, ending their number of consecutive winning seasons at eight. The Navy football team was not invited to participate in another bowl game until 1955, when the "team named desire", so named due to coach Eddie Erdelatz comparing the squad to the play "A Streetcar Named Desire", defeated the Ole Miss Rebels in the Sugar Bowl 210. Navy finished the 1920s with a record of 55228; nine of the ten seasons ended in winning records. Navy's coach, Bob Folwell, left the team after the 1924 season, to be replaced by Jack Owsley. Navy and Washington have since met five times, with Washington currently leading the series 321.
Because the 1924 Rose Bowl and several later Rose Bowls had very high ticket sales, the Tournament of Roses Association decided to close off the southern end of the Rose Bowl stadium and expand the seating from a horseshoe design to one that surrounded the entire field. The 1924 game was the first in which the Tournament of Roses made participating schools responsible for ticket sales. The strategy has been used since, with only a small number of tickets allocated to Tournament officials for each yearly edition.

</doc>
<doc id="20163098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163098" title="Defoamer">
Defoamer

A defoamer or an anti-foaming agent is a chemical additive that reduces and hinders the formation of foam in industrial process liquids. The terms anti-foam agent and defoamer are often used interchangeably. Commonly used agents are insoluble oils, polydimethylsiloxanes and other silicones, certain alcohols, stearates and glycols. The additive is used to prevent formation of foam or is added to break a foam already formed.
In industrial processes, foams pose serious problems. They cause defects on surface coatings. They prevent the efficient filling of containers. A variety of chemical formulae are available to prevent formation of foams.
Properties.
Generally a defoamer is insoluble in the foaming medium and has surface active properties. An essential feature of a defoamer product is a low viscosity and a facility to spread rapidly on foamy surfaces. It has affinity to the air-liquid surface where it destabilizes the foam lamellas. This causes rupture of the air bubbles and breakdown of surface foam. Entrained air bubbles are agglomerated, and the larger bubbles rise to the surface of the bulk liquid more quickly.
History.
The first defoamers were aimed at breaking down visible foam at the surface. Kerosene, fuel oil and other light oil products were used to break down foam. Other vegetable oils also found some use. Fatty alcohols (C7 - C22) were effective but expensive antifoams. They were added to oil products to boost the efficiency. Milk and cream were forbears for modern day emulsion type defoamers.
During the 1950s experiments with silicone based defoamers started. These were based on polydimethylsiloxane (silicone oil) dispersed in water or light oil. Silicone oils worked well, but caused surface disturbances in many applications like paints and papermaking. In 1963 the first antifoams with hydrophobic particles (hydrophobic silica) in light oil were patented. In the early 1970s, hydrophobic waxes like ethylene bis stearamide dispersed in oils developed. These types of defoamers were very efficient, but the oil crisis of 1973 made these too expensive and resulted in a push for reduction of the oil content. The solution was adding water. So water extended (water in oil emulsion) and water based (oil in water emulsion) defoamers appeared.
The development of silicone based defoamers has continued, using different emulsifiers and modified silicone oils. In the early 1990s, silicone emulsion defoamers that caused less surface disturbances were used in the wood pulping industry with great success. These caused better washing, reduced biological oxygen demand (BOD) in effluent and reduced deposits.
Classification.
Oil based defoamers.
Oil based defoamers have an oil carrier. The oil might be mineral oil, vegetable oil, white oil or any other oil that is insoluble in the foaming medium, except silicone oil. An oil based defoamer also contains a wax and/or hydrophobic silica to boost the performance. Typical waxes are ethylene bis stearamide (EBS), paraffin waxes, ester waxes and fatty alcohol waxes. These products might also have surfactants to improve emulsification and spreading in the foaming medium.
These are heavy duty defoamers and are normally best at knocking down surface foam.
Powder defoamers.
Powder defoamers are in principle oil based defoamers on a particulate carrier like silica. These are added to powdered products like cement, plaster and detergents.
Water based defoamers.
Water based defoamers are different types of oils and waxes dispersed in a water base. The oils are often white oils or vegetable oils and the waxes are long chain fatty alcohol, fatty acid soaps or esters. These are normally best as deaerators, which means they are best at releasing entrained air.
Silicone based defoamers.
Silicone-based defoamers are polymers with silicon backbones. These might be delivered as an oil or a water based emulsion. The silicone compound consists of an hydrophobic silica dispersed in a silicone oil. Emulsifiers are added to ensure that the silicone spreads fast and well in the foaming medium. The silicone compound might also contain silicone glycols and other modified silicone fluids.
These are also heavy duty defoamers and are good at both knocking down surface foam and releasing entrained air.
Silicone based defoamers are also suitable in non-aqueous foaming systems like crude oil and oil refining. For very demanding applications fluorosilicones may be suitable.
EO/PO based defoamers.
EO/PO based defoamers contain polyethylene glycol and polypropylene glycol copolymers. They are delivered as oils, water solutions, or water based emulsions. EO/PO copolymers normally have good dispersing properties and are often well suited when deposit problems are an issue.
Alkyl polyacrylates.
Alkyl polyacrylates are suitable for use as defoamers in non-aqueous systems where air release is more important than the breakdown of surface foam. These defoamers are often delivered in a solvent carrier like petroleum distillates.
Industrial problems.
The most noticeable form of foam is foam floating on the stock surface. It is easy to monitor and relatively easy to handle. Surface foam may cause problems with liquid levels and give overflow. This might reduce the process speed and availability of process equipment.
Mechanical problem factors.
Mechanical factors that may generate foam and entrapped air:
The main classes of air that are of concern to the mechanical systems are
Foam in process and coolant liquids.
Foam, entrained and dissolved air that are present in coolants and processing liquids, may cause various kinds of problems, including:
Test methods.
There are several ways to test defoamers.
The easiest is looking at the surface foam. All that is needed is a system for generating foam. This might be done with a round pumping system with a nozzle and a cylinder or an air injection system into a cylinder. The cylinder is fitted with a scale to measure the foam height. This equipment may have a heater to control the temperature.
Entrained air can be tested with similar equipment that has a density meter that can record changes of the liquor density over time.
Drainage can be tested with a filter system for measuring the time to drain a liquid through the filter. The filter might be pressurized or have a vacuum.
Applications.
Detergents.
Anti-foams are added in certain types of detergents to reduce foaming that might decrease the action of the detergent. For example dishwasher detergents have to be low foaming for the dishwasher to work properly.
Food.
When used as an ingredient in food, antifoaming agents are intended to curb effusion or effervescence in preparation or serving. The agents are included in a variety of foods such as chicken nuggets in the form of polydimethylsiloxane (a type of silicone).
Silicone oil is also added to cooking oil to prevent foaming in deep-frying.
Industrial use.
Defoamers are used in many industrial processes and products: wood pulp, paper, paint, industrial wastewater treatment, food processing, oil drilling, machine tool industry, oils cutting tools, hydraulics, etc.
Pharmaceuticals.
Antifoaming agents are also sold commercially to relieve bloating. A familiar example is the drug Simethicone, which is the active ingredient in drugs such as Maalox, Mylanta, and Gas-X.

</doc>
<doc id="20163102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163102" title="Franz Jakob">
Franz Jakob

Franz Jakob may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20163109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163109" title="Apno">
Apno

Apno (in older sources also "Apne") is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20163110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163110" title="Tintorettor Jishu (film)">
Tintorettor Jishu (film)

Tintorettor Jishu () (2008) is a thriller film directed by Sandip Ray based on the story of the same name by Satyajit Ray. It is the third film of New Feluda Franchise as well as the sequel of Kailashey Kelenkari
Plot.
The Niyogi family have a famous painting by the Italian master Tintoretto. However, not everyone is aware of the value of the painting. One of the family members steals it, and international buyers are interested in it. Feluda chases the criminals all the way to Hong Kong. There was a surprise waiting for him there. Eventually, Feluda (with the help of a relative stranger) succeeds in solving the mystery.
Cast.
Sagar Bhoumik, a young Bengali painter from Dum Dum Cantonment, North Kolkata, painted the depiction of Tintoretto’s Jesus used in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20163111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163111" title="Shinichi Terada">
Shinichi Terada

Club career stats.
Last update: 30 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20163113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163113" title="August Starek">
August Starek

August Starek (born 16 February 1945) is a former international Austrian footballer and football manager. He ist also known as Gustl Starek and der Schwarze Gustl (German for "the black gustl").

</doc>
<doc id="20163117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163117" title="Stevenson, Jacques &amp; Co v McLean">
Stevenson, Jacques &amp; Co v McLean

Citation.
"Stevenson, Jaques, & Co. v McLean" 5 QBD 346, heard at the High Court - Queen’s Bench Division is an English contract law case concerning the rules on communication of acceptance by telegraph. Its approach contrasts to the postal rule.
Facts.
Plaintiff (P) was an iron merchant who purchased iron to sell on to third parties. Defendant (D) was the holder of warrants (titles) for quantities of iron. By telegram (dated Saturday 27 September) D offered to sell iron to P for “40s., nett cash, open till Monday” (the original offer) On Monday morning P sent telegram to D asking whether D would “accept forty for delivery over two months, or if not, longest limit you would allow” [348 (P’s telegraphic enquiry). D did not respond to the telegram and later that day sold all warrants to another party. D sent a telegram to P at 1.25pm on the Monday advising all warrants had been sold (D’s telegram of warrants sold). Prior to receiving that communication, P sent a telegram to D at 1.34pm advising acceptance of offer (P’s acceptance of offer). P subsequently sued D for non-delivery of iron warrants alleging breach of contract.
Legal Issues.
1. Whether P’s telegraphic enquiry constituted a counter offer, the effect of which would be to extinguish D’s original offer. 
2. Whether the decision in Cooke v Oxley 3 T. R. 653 has the effect of allowing the Defendant (McLean) to revoke the offer to sell prior to its acceptance by the Plaintiffs (Stevenson, Jaques & CO).
3. Related to the second issue was a question as to whether the telegram from D at 1.25pm effectively revoked the original offer, notwithstanding that it was not received by P until after P had accepted the offer.
Court findings.
As to the first issue, having regard to the nature of the wording of P’s telegraphic inquiry and the volatility of the iron market, the communication cannot be regarded as a counter-offer but a mere inquiry to which the defendant should have responded. The circumstances can be distinguished from Hyde v Wrench 3 Beav. 334 where there was a clear counter-offer Lush, J at 358.
As to the second and third issues the argument advanced by D misrepresents the proposition for which Cooke v Oxley stands. The correct principle is that a unilateral promise to hold open an offer is not binding upon the person who made it and can be revoked prior to its acceptance. However, a revocation has no effect until it is actually communicated to the person to whom the original offer was made Lush J at 352 relying upon the American decisions in Tayloe v Merchant’s Fire Insurance Co How. Sup. Court Rep. 390 and Bryne & Co v Leon Van Tienhoven & Co 49 L.L. (C.P.) 316. As P had not received D’s telegram of warrants sold which would have the effect of revoking the original offer, the original offer stood and P’s subsequent acceptance of it resulted in a contract.
Judgment.
Lush J held that the plaintiff's telegram at 9.42am was not a rejection of the offer but a mere inquiry about whether the terms could be modified. Although McLean was at liberty to revoke the offer before Monday finished, that was not effective until it reached the plaintiffs. Lush J charged the defendant the amount of £1900 to be paid to the plaintiffs subject to any reduction by subsequent ruling

</doc>
<doc id="20163126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163126" title="Outsights">
Outsights

Outsights is an independent scenario planning consultancy founded in 1998 by Richard O'Brien and Tim Bolderson. The company is based in Islington, London, with seven full time employees and 30 associates. Outsights uses scenario planning and future thinking to help business, Government and organisations to anticipate, interpret and act upon important external developments in the outside world, and to plan strategies for several possible futures. 
In 2006, Outsights created the Sigma Scan, an online database of trends and drivers over the next 50 years for the UK Government, in partnership with Ipsos MORI. Scenario planning is currently being used to help advise UK Government policy, for example in the "Tackling Obesities: Future Choices Project" which was launched by Health Minister Dawn Primolo in October 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20163127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163127" title="Northern Ireland local elections, 1981">
Northern Ireland local elections, 1981

Elections for local government were held in Northern Ireland in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20163129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163129" title="Jean Dupuy (politician)">
Jean Dupuy (politician)

Jean Dupuy (1 October 1844, Saint-Palais, Gironde – 31 December 1919, Paris) was a French politician and media owner.
Life.
A huissier by profession, he practised in Paris and quickly became interested in the press and in politics, taking over leadership of "Le Petit Parisien" on the death of Paul Piégut in 1888. He renewed that journal's formula and its circulation continued to rise, reaching 1 million at the time of the Dreyfus affair.
In 1891, Jean Dupuy was elected senator for Les Hautes-Pyrénées and joined the Republican Left. He thus defended the free exchange regime (which wanted to abolish the agriculture minister Jules Méline) in his journal. Named minister of agriculture himself in the government of Pierre Waldeck-Rousseau, from 22 June 1899 to 3 June 1902, he organised the Crédit Agricole and created the Office of agricultural information. He also defended the French wheat producers in the assembly during the 1900 debate into the import and export of wheat and flour.
He then occupied other posts in different governments, notably that of minister for commerce and industry (1909–11), then minister of public works (1912–13 and June 1914), and minister of state (1917). Commander of the Mérite agricole, he was a member of the Académie d'Agriculture and the higher committee for agriculture.
Reelected a député on 3 January 1909, he died in 1919 after having launched the magazine "La Science et la Vie" in 1913. "Le Petit Parisien" then exceeded a circulation of 2 million copies, the highest in the world at the time. Jean's sons Pierre and Paul Dupuy took over from him, and also created other press groups.

</doc>
<doc id="20163135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163135" title="1917 Rose Bowl">
1917 Rose Bowl

The 1917 Rose Bowl, known at the time as the Tournament East-West Football Game, was a college football bowl game played on Jan 1, 1917. It was the 3rd Rose Bowl Game. The Oregon Webfoots defeated the Penn Quakers by a score of 14–0. It was Oregon's only Rose Bowl win prior to the 2012 Rose Bowl. Oregon team captain John Beckett was named the Rose Bowl Player of the Game when the award was created in 1953 and selections were made retroactively.
Oregon and Washington were both unbeaten in the Pacific Coast Conference that year, having tied in their head-to-head meeting. Oregon was invited to participate in the Tournament of Roses game prior to their final game, despite the fact that Washington had one more conference win than Oregon, having beaten California twice. On the basis of the extra victory, Washington is credited with having won the conference that year.
Game summary.
Oregon was led by the two Huntington brothers, Shy and Hollis. Following a scoreless first half, the Webfoots scored on a 15-yard pass in the 3rd quarter from Shy Huntington to Lloyd Tegert. Oregon scored again in the 4th quarter on a 1-yard run from Shy to lead the Webfoots to a 14–0 upset win. Shy Huntington also had three interceptions in the game. Oregon captain John Beckett was named MVP of the game.
Scoring.
First quarter.
No scoring.
Second quarter.
No scoring.
Game notes.
Attendance was swelled to 25,000 when the Pasadena Tournament of Roses put up temporary grandstand seating.

</doc>
<doc id="20163144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163144" title="Shoki Hirai">
Shoki Hirai

Club career.
Gamba Osaka.
Hirai was born in Tokushima, Shikoku region, and began his career playing for his local club Kamihachiman SC before moving to a higher level joining Premiere SC in 2000.
At age of 15, he was invited to attend Gamba Osaka youth academy. After spending three years there, Hirai signed his first professional contract with Gamba on 6 December 2005. He was, along with fellow player Michihiro Yasuda, promoted to the senior squad and assigned the number 34 shirt. He made his professional debut on 9 December 2006 in the Emperor's Cup 4th round match against Sanfrecce Hiroshima. The following season, Hirai took over the number 14 shirt, previously worn by Akihiro Ienaga.
In the 2008 season, Hirai playing time increased significantly as he appeared in 8 league matches. He made his J. League debut on 27 April 2008 against Vissel Kobe coming on as a substitute in the 80th minute. After making a few substitute appearances, he made his first league start on 26 July 2008 in a 1–0 defaut Oita Trinita playing 45 minutes. Hirai scored his first professional goal on 2 July 2008 in a J. League Cup match against Yokohama F. Marinos, which proved to be the winner as Gamba won the match 1–0. During the season, he signed new five-year contract.
Hirai had arguably one of the best seasons of his career in the 2010 season. He appeared in 31 total matches scoring a career-high 20 goals. On 23 March 2010, Hirai scored first career hat-trick against Singapore Armed Forces in the AFC Champions League. He was later named Man of the match for this performance, which led to a 4–2 victory.
Albirex Niigata.
On 12 January 2012 it was announced that Hirai would be joining Albirex Niigata on loan for the 2012 season.
International career.
On 16 March 2007, Hirai received his first call-up to the Japan U-20 squad, and won his first U20 cap as a substitute against Cape Verde on 25 March.
Club career stats.
Last update: 19 January 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20163154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163154" title="Archibald Rowlands">
Archibald Rowlands

Sir Archibald Rowlands GCB MBE (26 December 1892 – 18 August 1953) was a British civil servant. After serving as private secretary to three Secretaries of State for War, he was Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of Air Production during the Second World War. He then worked in India and later acted as a special advisor to Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the Governor-General of Pakistan.
Rowlands was born on 26 December 1892 and went to school in Penarth. He then studied at the University of Wales, obtaining a first-class degree in modern languages in 1914. He then studied at Jesus College, Oxford, with his university career being interrupted for three years during the First World War, during which he saw action as a captain in the Army Cyclist Corps; he was mentioned in dispatches and was awarded the Military MBE. In 1920, he joined the War Office as a member of the civil service, serving as private secretary to Sir Herbert Creedy, Secretary at the War Office, and then as private secretary to Viscount Hailsham, Viscount Halifax and Duff Cooper, who were successively the Secretary of State for War; Hailsham used to declare that Rowlands was the ideal private secretary. In 1936, Rowlands was seconded to the Indian Government as Adviser on Military Finance, before returning in 1939 Deputy Under-Secretary at the Air Ministry, then becoming Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of Air Production in 1940.
His work in the Ministry of Air Production was followed in 1943 by a return to India as adviser to the Viceroy on war administration, supervising various British government branches that had been moved to India during the war. He became Finance Member of the Governor-General's Executive Council. He was also chairman of the committee that reported into the administration of the province of Bengal, making various recommendations for improvement. In 1946, he left India to become Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of Supply, succeeding Oliver Franks. However, he stayed about a year in this position before being seconded as a special advisor to Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the Governor-General of Pakistan. He proposed removing levels of provincial administration to allow the unification of government in Karachi. His obituary in "The Times" said of his work in India and Pakistan that "he showed a vision and judgment which was little short of miraculous in the trying latter days of British rule and in the early days of native rule in the sub-continent. Industry and energy he had in abundance, yet these would have availed him little if there had not been a touch of genius in a mind at once penetrating and kindly – a rare combination."
After his year in Pakistan was over, he returned to the Ministry of Supply and was also a member of the Economic Planning Board. He was made a Knight of the Order of the Bath in 1941 and a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath in 1947. He retired at the age of 60 and became a member of the board of Express Newspapers. He died in Henley-on-Thames on 18 August 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20163169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163169" title="Hayato Sasaki">
Hayato Sasaki

Club career stats.
Last update: 30 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20163184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163184" title="Académie d'Agriculture">
Académie d'Agriculture

The Académie d'agriculture de France is a voluntary association aiming to contribute to the evolution of agriculture and rural life in the scientific, technical, economic, judicial, legal, social and cultural fields. It is the successor to the société d'agriculture de la Généralité de Paris, founded in 1761 by Louis XV, and has functioned in its present form since a decree of 1878 which recognised it as a public utility. 
It has 120 titular members and 180 French corresponding members, as well as 60 foreign members. Its bureau is its executive organ and is made up of 6 members, with a president elected for a year and a life secretary elected by his or her peers and named by decree of the French President. It awards annual prizes and medals for contributions to the advancement of agricultural knowledge. It is based in Paris in a hôtel particulier at 18 rue de Bellechasse in the 17th arrondissement. 

</doc>
<doc id="20163193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163193" title="Cerkljanska Dobrava">
Cerkljanska Dobrava

Cerkljanska Dobrava () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Dobrava" to "Cerkljanska Dobrava" in 1952. In the 19th century the German name was "Dobrawa bei Zirklach".

</doc>
<doc id="20163211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163211" title="Takumi Shimohira">
Takumi Shimohira

Club career stats.
Last update: 30 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20163217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163217" title="Four Days in June">
Four Days in June

Four Days in June is a 2006 historical novel by Iain Gale set during the time of Napoleon Bonaparte's Waterloo Campaign. It explains the campaign from the point of view of some of the ordinary British, French and Prussian soldiers on the ground over the four-day battle encompassing Quatre Bras, Ligny, Waterloo and Wavre.
Reception.
The novel was described by historical novelist Bernard Cornwell as "powerful" and "a triumph".

</doc>
<doc id="20163218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163218" title="Baxter College">
Baxter College

Baxter College is a mixed secondary school with academy status located in Kidderminster, Worcestershire, England. Prior to September 2002 the school was known as Harry Cheshire High School. The school provides education for pupils aged 11 to 18 years, and offers a wide range of courses at GCSE and A-Level.
History.
The school was previously known as Harry Cheshire High School. Due to a lack of good exam results and absence levels of up to 15% the school was placed under special measures by the Office for Standards in Education. In September 2002 it then became Baxter College. Its results have greatly improved, and it has attained specialist status as a Business and Enterprise College. 
The school has been paired with Haybridge High School in a Leading Edge Partnership to assist in the improvement of the school.
Notable alumni.
Justin Tomlinson Member of Parliament for North Swindon.

</doc>
<doc id="20163226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163226" title="Order of Agricultural Merit">
Order of Agricultural Merit

The Order of Agricultural Merit () is an order bestowed by the French Republic for outstanding contribution to agriculture. It was second in importance only to the Legion of honour within the French order of precedence when it was created.
The order was established on 7 July 1883 based on the proposition of the then Minister of Agriculture Jules Méline in an effort to adequately reward services to agriculture in view of the maximum number of the Legion of honour that could be awarded yearly. His reasoning was that more than eighteen million Frenchmen lived directly from this industry which had a direct and most powerful impact on the entire national economy, farmers, agronomists, professors, researchers, labour was intensive and never ending, devotion was commonplace but the rewards were rare.
The original 1883 decree created a single grade order, only "knights" () were thus decorated. The decree of 18 June 1887 added the grade of "Officer" () and a third grade, that of "Commander" () was created by a decree of 3 August 1900. The present form and statute of the Order of Agricultural Merit were outlined in decree 59-729 of 15 June 1959.
The Order comprises approximately 340,000 knights to date, of which approximately 23,000 are alive at any given time, including all living former ministers of agriculture, officers number approximately 60,000 to date with approximately 5,000 living and approximately 4800 were made commanders to date, with approximately 400 living at any given time.
Award statute.
The Order of Agricultural Merit rewards people who rendered exceptional services to agriculture whether in public duties or in the very practice of agriculture. It also rewards people who distinguished themselves in scientific research or in related publications. There are two annual investiture ceremonies, the first on January 1 and the second on the 14th of July. The annual contingent has been limited to 60 commanders, 800 officers and 3,200 knights.
Award prerequisites are as follows:
A 5% contingency is allowed for people gaining direct entry into the order as officers or commanders for exceptional reasons. Foreigners receiving the order are not subject to the seniority clause. Members of the Order of the Legion of Honour may be admitted to the Order of Agricultural Merit at the same rank they hold in the first.
An award certificate always accompanies the order.
Award description.
The Order of Agricultural Merit is in the form of a 40mm (35mm for pre November 1999) wide star, 60mm for the commander's insignia, with six white enamelled arms, the arms resting on a gilt wreath of wheat on the right and of corn on the left. On the obverse at its center, a gilt medallion bearing the effigy of the republic in the form of the relief right profile of a woman's head, the medallion is surrounded by a narrow blue enamelled band bearing the golden semi circular inscription "RÉPUBLIQUE FRANÇAISE" (). On the reverse, the gilt medallion bears the relief inscription on three lines "MÉRITE" "AGRICOLE" "1883" (), it is surrounded by a plain blue enamelled band.
The officers' and commanders' badges also bear a gilt wreath, half vine and half olive branch, between the insignia and the ribbon suspension ring.
The knight's insignia is made of silver, the officer's is made of silver-gilt, the commander's is made of silver-gilt or gold.
The order hangs from a 37mm wide silk moiré green ribbon with 5mm amaranth vertical stripes located 1mm from the edges. The commander's insignia is worn on a cravat around the neck.

</doc>
<doc id="20163232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163232" title="Robert Cyril Layton Perkins">
Robert Cyril Layton Perkins

Robert Cyril Layton Perkins FRS (15 November 1866 – 29 September 1955) was a distinguished British entomologist, ornithologist, and naturalist noted for his work on the fauna of the islands of Hawaii and on Hymenoptera. He is not to be confused with his son John Frederick Perkins also a hymenopterist.
Life.
Perkins was born on 15 November 1866 at Badminton, Gloucestershire and was educated at King Edward VI Grammar School, St. Albans – his father, Rev Charles Perkins, was the headmaster – and at Merchant Taylors' School before obtaining a scholarship in classics to Jesus College, Oxford in 1885. After two years of studying classics, he switched to reading Natural History, notwithstanding that he had not studied science at school, having been inspired to make the change by the lectures of Edward Poulton on the colour of insects. His first publications in natural history journals came when he was still studying classics. He obtained a fourth-class degree in the Animal Morphology specialism of the Natural Sciences course in 1889. In 1891, a committee appointed by the Royal Society and the British Association for the Advancement of Science asked Perkins to investigate the land fauna of the Hawaiian islands, and he was engaged in this for almost ten years, conducting research on the islands and carrying out studies at the University of Cambridge on his trips back home. The fruits of this research first began to be published in 1899, in "Fauna Hawaiiensis" (edited by David Sharp), and he completed his work in 1913 with a general introduction to the series. For this work, he was awarded the Linnean Society's gold medal for eminent services to zoology.
He worked for the Agricultural Department of the Hawaiian Islands between 1902 and 1904, and became the first Director of the experimental station of the Hawaiian Sugar Planters' Association's insect department in 1904, looking at controlling sugar cane pests and weeds with their natural parasites and enemies. In order to collect these, he made journeys to Australia and other places. Ill-health forced his retirement in 1912, and he moved to Newton Abbot, in Devon. He carried on working on Hawaiian insects and published his research for a further 20 years. He was also known for his work on British insects, including bees and sawflies. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1920 and, having been a Fellow of the Royal Entomological Society for more than 50 years, was appointed an Honorary Fellow in 1954. He died in Bovey Tracey, Devon, aged 88.

</doc>
<doc id="20163244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163244" title="The St. Francis Shangri-La Place">
The St. Francis Shangri-La Place

The St. Francis Shangri-La Place, also known as The St. Francis Towers 1 & 2 are twin-tower residential condominium skyscrapers in Mandaluyong City, Philippines. The towers are the 6th and 7th-tallest buildings in the country and Metro Manila as well, and are currently the tallest twin towers in the Philippines surpassing Pacific Plaza Towers with a height of 212.88 metres from the ground to its architectural spire. It also has two of the most number of floors in the Philippines. The buildings have 60 floors above ground, including a podium which connects the two towers, and 5 basement levels for parking, and are considered as one of the most prestigious residential buildings in the Philippines.
Project team.
The St. Francis Shangri-La Place was masterplanned and designed by Wong Tung International Ltd., in cooperation with local architectural firm Recio + Casas Architects. Structural design for the building was provided by Arup, and reviewed by international engineering firm Magnusson Klemencic Associates.
The buildings mechanical, electrical, and santiray engineering works was designed by WSP Hong Kong Ltd. Interior design was made by Brennan Beer Gorman Monk Architects (Interior Design).
The construction team is composed of Jose Aliling & Associates (Project / Construction Management); Davis Langdon & Seah Philippines Inc. (Quantity Surveying); and EEI Corporation (General Constractor).
Construction.
Groundbreaking for the towers were held on January 2005, months ahead of its official launching. Topping-off ceremonies was held on June 24, 2008, although only one tower is actually considered topped-off during that time. 
The towers were completed and opened in 2009 and taking over as the Tallest twin-towers in The Philippines from Pacific Plaza Towers.
Design.
The St. Francis Shangri–La Place’s interiors are spacious and feature large windows, high ceilings and individual balconies. Roomy living areas and sophisticated design blends with the Shangri-La tradition of quality and luxury, redefining today’s benchmark for condo living.
Structural dampers.
Due to the tower's location being close to an active fault in a highly seismic region and also subjected to typhoon winds, the St. Francis Shangri-La Place was the first building in the world to feature a revolutionary ‘damping’ system designed by international engineering company Ove Arup & Partners. The new system, which minimizes the standard wobble in high-rise buildings, employs the same technology used to strengthen the Millennium Bridge in London. This makes the St. Francis Shangri-La Place one of the safest buildings. 
The usual methods employed to strengthen buildings are to reinforce it with significant extra structure or to install tuned mass dampers. Both methods are not only expensive, but also make the building stiffer and heavier while consuming valuable space. The Arup solution works by inserting Viscous Dampers into the St. Francis Shangri-La Place to act as energy absorbers and damp out vibrations. Viscous dampers connect deep reinforced concrete outriggers from the central core of each building to the perimeter columns at one level. The added damping so derived, in excess of 6% of critical controls wind-induced motions, achieving occupant comfort objectives, and reduces the design wind overturning moment by a factor of 1.7. Not only is this a lower-cost solution, it is also more sustainable as it uses less material, and leaves more valuable space inside the building.
Reductions in the quantities of concrete and reinforcing steel in the St Francis Towers structure due to the incorporation of the Arup damping system and performance based seismic design saved the building's developer in excess of $5 million in construction cost and more net floor space (through smaller columns and core walls, and no need for space for TMDs).

</doc>
<doc id="20163248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163248" title="Shu Kurata">
Shu Kurata

Club career stats.
Last update: 17 January 2014
1Includes AFC Champions League and FIFA Club World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20163271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163271" title="Tug of War International Federation">
Tug of War International Federation

The Tug of War International Federation (TWIF) is the international governing body for the sport of tug of war.
Member countries.
Due to national organization and historical rivalry, certain countries are listed below as individuals, rather than as members of a larger political union. For example, Wales is considered separate from the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="20163277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163277" title="Harold Shedd">
Harold Shedd

Harold Shedd (born November 8, 1931) is a music industry executive and producer, best known for his role as producer of the country group Alabama as well as Reba McEntire, Shania Twain and Toby Keith. During his career he has headed Mercury Records and Mercury's sister label, Polydor.
Life and work.
Born November 8, 1931, Shedd began work in his hometown of Bremen, Georgia, where he was a member of a local band and worked in radio for fourteen years as DJ, engineer, sales manager and finally station owner. In 1972, he sold up and moved to Nashville, where by 1979 he was co-owner of the Music Mill recording studio.
Shedd was instrumental in Alabama, one of the first acts he worked with, being signed by RCA. The band’s debut single 'Tennessee River' was the first of Alabama's 21 consecutive number one hits that he produced.
Shedd also produced albums for Amie Comeaux, Roger Miller, Mel Tillis, Louise Mandrell, Dobie Gray, K. T. Oslin, Glen Campbell and Willie Nelson. While Reba McEntire had had top 10 singles, it was only with her collaboration with Shedd that she saw her first gold record, 1984’s "My Kind of Country" album, although the pair came into conflict over his suggestions for songs and "the sweetened arrangements he imposed on them".
In 1988 Shedd joined Mercury Polygram Records Nashville, where over the next six years, he oversaw the signing of Kentucky Headhunters, Shania Twain, Billy Ray Cyrus, Toby Keith and Kathy Mattea. In 1989 Shedd was inducted into the Georgia Music Hall of Fame.
After a period as President of Polydor Nashville, The Music Mill recording studio became the headquarters of VFR Records, owned by Shedd with partners Paul Lucks and Ed Arnold, for a time one of Nashville's more successful independent country labels, whose artists included Mark McGuinn and Trent Summar & The New Row Mob. VFR folded in 2002 due to a lack of funding.

</doc>
<doc id="20163278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163278" title="13th European Film Awards">
13th European Film Awards

The 13th European Film Awards were given on 2 December 2000 in Paris, France.
Winners and nominees.
Best European Actor.
'" Sergi López - "Harry, He's Here to Help (Harry un ami qui vous veut du bien)"
Best European Actress.
"' Björk - "Dancer in the Dark"
Best European Cinematographer.
'" Vittorio Storaro - "Goya in Bordeaux (Goya en Burdeos)"
Best European Film.
"' "Dancer in the Dark"
Best European Screenwriter.
"' Agnès Jaoui and Jean-Pierre Bacri - "The Taste of Others (Le goût des autres)"

</doc>
<doc id="20163292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163292" title="Yōsuke Fujigaya">
Yōsuke Fujigaya

Club career stats.
Last update: "19 January 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="20163316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163316" title="Protected (film)">
Protected (film)

Protected is a 1975 documentary film, narrated by Don Brady and Sydney born producer Robert Hughes. The film was directed by Alessandro Cavadini. It was an exposé of the ill-treatment of Aboriginal workers by white men. The details of what life was like for Indigenous Australians on Palm Island became more widely known when Allessandro Cavadini and Carolyn Strachan recreated the strike in 1957 by hundreds of the Island’s residents even though there was huge resistance from local authorities.
Some 22 years later in 2007, Aboriginal activist, and convicted Palm Island rioter Lex Wotton presented a screening of the film to the Film Fanatics society at Petersham Bowling Club. He recalled watching the film as a schoolboy and seeing his father on film. He said that screening opened his eyes to the way ""things were different on Palm"". He also said ""There are numerous things that people haven't documented but this was one thing that brought what was happening to the indigenous people to the attention of the wider community".

</doc>
<doc id="20163318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163318" title="Jump the gun">
Jump the gun

The idiom Jump the gun has its roots in an athlete starting a race before the starting pistol is fired. It refers to someone or to an act when it is started earlier than expected, or when something is spoken without required thinking. In finance, it refers to a scenario where various financial instruments are traded based on some knowledge that is not yet public.

</doc>
<doc id="20163333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163333" title="Temperance Row Historic District">
Temperance Row Historic District

The Temperance Row Historic District is a historic district in Westerville, Ohio. Westerville became the headquarters of the Anti-Saloon League of America (ASLA) in 1909. In the same year, the tract of land that would become Temperance Row was purchased by Purley Baker, general superintendent of the ASLA. Over the next fifteen years, new homes in the district were built for and occupied by the founders and leaders of the ASLA. The architecture in the district is predominantly Craftsman in style. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 16, 2008.
It is the 17th property listed as a featured property of the week in a program of the National Park Service that began in July, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20163371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163371" title="Glinje, Cerklje na Gorenjskem">
Glinje, Cerklje na Gorenjskem

Glinje is a small settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20163390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163390" title="Karl Adamek">
Karl Adamek

Karl Adamek (born 23 July 1910 in Vienna, died 8 January 2000) was an Austrian international footballer and manager.

</doc>
<doc id="20163409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163409" title="Sam Conn">
Sam Conn

Vernon Samuel Morris Conn (November 30, 1962 – January 30, 2010) was a journalist and actor. 
Biography.
He was born on November 30, 1962 in Chaves County, New Mexico, and died on January 30, 2010 in Santa Clara, New Mexico. 

</doc>
<doc id="20163423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163423" title="Ataaba">
Ataaba

The ataaba (, meaning "plaint" or "dirge", also transliterated 'ataba) is a traditional Arabic musical form sung at weddings or festivals, and sometimes also by people at work. Popular in Lebanon, Syria, Palestine, and Jordan, it was originally a Bedouin genre, improvised by a solo poet-singer accompanying himself on the rababa. As part of the Palestinian folk music tradition, ataabas are generally performed by a vocal soloist, without instrumental accompaniment, who improvises the melody using folk poetry for the verse. 
Sung unmetered in stanzas comprising four lines, the last word of the first three lines are homonyms, each with a different meaning, creating a pun. In urban settings, the ataaba is often paired with a metric choral refrain called a "mījanā".
The ataaba is also used by rural Palestinian women to express grief or reproach. The most common theme of an ataaba is love, though eulogies are also common. Less common themes include moral instruction, and descriptions of nature. 
Structure.
About half of all ataabas do not use fixed meter, while the other half use a standard "rajaz" or "wāfir" meter. Generally composed of four verses of poetry, the first three end with the same sound. The end of a verse or quatrain in an ataaba is marked by adding a word ending in "-ba" to the end of the fourth hemistich. The fourth and final verse usually ends with a word ending in the sound "aab" or "awa". 
While there are four lines of verse in an ataaba, these are usually sung as two musical phrases. These phrases are often a melodic curve beginning on the fourth or fifth, descending to the cadence and ending on the supertonic or tonic. All ataabas are performed by a soloist, who often begins by singing a long melismatic phrase on the syllable "ōf". While this opening sequence is not necessarily a part of the ataaba, the closing melismatic phrase sung to words such as "yā bā" ("O father"), "yā mā" ("O mother"), or "yā eyn" ("O eyes"), etc., is an integral part of the song's structure and is unique to this musical form. 
Performances.
The ataaba is one of many Palestinian folk music traditions that continues to be performed at weddings and festivals in Arab localities in Israel, as well as by Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza Strip. The ataaba and other forms of improvised poetry such as the "mawwal" and "mijana" have been used by Palestinians since the 1960s, "to express outrage and grief at the razing and appropriation of Palestinian villages by Israelis." Ataabas are also performed by famous Arab singers, such as the Lebanese singer and composer, Wadi' al-Safi.

</doc>
<doc id="20163433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163433" title="Children's Overseas Reception Board">
Children's Overseas Reception Board

The Children's Overseas Reception Board (CORB) was a British government sponsored organisation. The CORB evacuated 2,664 British children from England, so that they would escape the imminent threat of German invasion and the risk of enemy bombing in World War II. This was during a critical period in British history, between July and September 1940, when the Battle of Britain was raging, and German invasion forces were being amassed across the English Channel.
The children were sent mainly to the four Dominion countries, Canada 1,532 (in nine parties), Australia 577 (three parties), New Zealand 202 (two parties), and South Africa 353 (two parties), but also some to the USA. In the first few months over 211,000 children were registered with the scheme. A further 24,000 children had been approved for sailing in that time and over 1,000 volunteer escorts, including doctors and nurses, enrolled. It was planned as a temporary exile for the children, to return home to their families when conditions permitted.
Historical background.
Even before the Second World War began in September 1939, the British government had prepared for the evacuation of over a million vulnerable people, mainly children, from the towns and cities to safe areas in the countryside away from the risk of enemy bombing. It was widely believed that up to four million people could be killed by enemy attacks on British towns and cities.
When war did eventually break out, the question of sending British children to Commonwealth countries was brought up in Parliament. It was initially rejected on the grounds of creating panic or spreading defeatism. Instead the government decided that the evacuation to rural areas of Britain should continue as it was felt that this was adequate. 
Nonetheless, it is estimated that, by the end of 1941, some 14,000 British children had been evacuated overseas by private arrangement, over 6,000 to Canada and some 5,000 to the United States.
They went either to relatives or friends or left as part of private schemes, run by businesses such as Hoover and Kodak, who would evacuate the children of their British employees. At the beginning of the War America was neutral, and had strict immigration laws. This presented a serious obstacle to the U.S.A. accepting any significant number of British refugees. 
Initially these British evacuations to America were a private undertaking and not a British Government sponsored or aided evacuation, but this changed later (see below). 
In a related American activity, the non-governmental "U.S. Committee for the Care of European Children" (USCOM) was established by its Chairman, Clarence Pickett, in June 1940. Its purpose, was to try to save mainly Jewish refugee children who came from Continental Europe (as contrasted with those of the CORB from Great Britain), and to evacuate them to America. Images of German bombing raids and European refugees had a major impact on American opinion and this increased when the Germans began bombing the UK. USCOM was organized by the Quaker American Friends Service Committee (AFSC), but operated on a non-sectarian basis. As America was neutral until December 1941, USCOM was able to operate in Vichy France and managed to save over 800 Jewish children. The organisation was strongly supported by First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt. Other organisations and individuals also worked to save Jewish children and send them to the United States.
It is important to stress once again, that the U.S. Government did not aid them in any way. (Contrast the Kindertransport program, which the British Government explicitly aided.)
It is estimated that about 1,400 such Jewish and other children were saved in this manner, nearly all from Continental Europe and a few from Britain. Collectively, these children are known as the One Thousand Children. The One Thousand Children entry tells much more about this rescue effort, which included many other important organisations. 
In 1941 Geoffrey Shakespeare, British Under-Secretary of State for Dominion Affairs, announced that a total of 838 children had been sent under the auspices of the American Committee for the Evacuation of European Children, with the collaboration of the Children’s Overseas Reception Board.
The Scheme organisation.
On 10 May 1940, the Germans started their second blitzkrieg that overran the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg, and threatened France. Neville Chamberlain, resigned immediately as Prime Minister, and Winston Churchill was appointed to head a coalition government. Shortly afterwards the Germans initiated their assault on France, quickly overrunning the northern part of the country and forcing the evacuation of British and French troops from Dunkirk between 27 May and 4 June. 
With the fall of France imminent, the children's evacuation scheme was again was presented in the British Parliament, and this time approved.
In Churchill’s newly formed War Cabinet on 17 June, Under-Secretary of State for Dominion Affairs Geoffrey Shakespeare was tasked with implementing the evacuation programme. The same day, negotiations opened with the travel agency Thomas Cook & Son, for the new department to be housed in their London Head Office at 45 Berkeley Street. The British Government would meet the cost of the voyages with contributions taken from parents on a sliding scale, involving a means test. 
Although the British Government was now involved, and this scheme was sanctioned by the Cabinet, Churchill and some others were not personally keen on the idea. Queen Elizabeth, wife of King George VI, had made her views clear at the outbreak of war. There was some suggestion that the Queen and her daughters should be evacuated to North America or Canada. To this the Queen replied: 'The children won't go without me. I won't leave the King. And the King will never leave.' Throughout the Second World War the Queen and her children shared the dangers and difficulties of the rest of the nation.
The new organisation and staff were quickly assembled and the scheme launched. Applications for children would be made through schools throughout the country. They would travel alone and be accompanied by selected teachers or escorts at a ratio of one to every 15 children, in addition to nurses and doctors. They would travel to the port of embarkation and be accommodated in a hostel, where final medical checks were made. In order to embark rapidly; the usual formalities were dispensed with, there would be no passports. Each child was given a luggage label with its C.O.R.B. number and as each child embarked they were given an identity disc, also with its C.O.R.B. number. 
At its height the C.O.R.B. employed some 620 staff.
SS "Volendam" and SS "City of Benares".
Within two weeks of each other, two ships carrying CORB children ‘Sea Evacuees’ as they were known, were torpedoed by German U-boats.
The first was the Holland America Line's , whose passengers included 320 children bound for Halifax and New York. She left Liverpool on 29 August with convoy OB-205, consisting of 32 other ships, and including , carrying 126 CORB male evacuees. On 30 August 1940 at about 11.00pm, the convoy was attacked by "U-60", firing two torpedoes that hit No. 1 hold and damaged and caused flooding in No.2 hold. The passengers and crew abandoned ship and were rescued by British merchantmen in the convoy, including the "Bassethound", the tanker "Valldemosa" and the Norwegian "Olaf Fostenes", together with the British destroyer . They were taken to Greenock and other west coast ports in Scotland. All 320 children were rescued, the only casualty was the ship's purser who was drowned. The "Volendam" did not sink, and was subsequently taken in tow to Scotland for repairs. When she was docked a second unexploded torpedo was found embedded in the bow, if it had exploded she would have probably sunk.
The second, (more distressing) incident to occur to an evacuation ship came on 17 September 1940, when the Ellerman Lines's , carrying 90 children bound for homes in Canada, was torpedoed and sunk. She had left Liverpool on 13 September for Quebec and Montreal. She was in convoy OB-213 with 19 other ships and was 253 miles west-southwest of Rockall, with the Atlantic weather getting worse and the ship sailing slowly. "City of Benares" was the flagship of the Convoy Commodore, and was leading the convoy. At around 11.45pm she was attacked by "U-48" with two torpedoes but they missed. A second torpedo attack just after midnight hit the ship. She was abandoned and sank within 30 minutes. The British destroyer picked up 105 survivors and landed them at Greenock. 42 survivors were left adrift in a lifeboat for eight days, until being picked up by and also landed at Greenock. The ship's master, the commodore, three staff members, 121 crew members and 134 passengers were lost. 77 of the 90 CORB children died in the sinking. This event brought the evacuation programme to a halt.
Political Consequences.
The sinking of the "City of Benares" caused outrage when it was reported on 23 September 1940. The British government protested that children should not have been innocent victims of war. The Americans called it a ‘dastardly act’. The Germans defended the U-boat attack, considering the ship a legitimate military target, and insisted that the British government was to blame for allowing children to travel on such ships in a war zone. The sinking was a public relations disaster for both the CORB programme and the Admiralty. The British public seemed more enraged at the Admiralty than at the Germans. The fact that the escorts were detached, "City of Benares" was at the head of the convoy, and the convoy was not taking any evasive action all featured prominently in the subsequent inquiry.
Some of the ships used for the scheme.
Liverpool was the principal port used for evacuation for the North Atlantic routes to Canada and America. Gourock and Greenock in Scotland were also used. Between 21 July and 20 September 1940, 16 voyages were made carrying 2,664 CORB children. In addition there were also privately sponsored voyages. The programme itself was very limited in size; nineteen ships set sail with 3,127 children, the vast majority of whom made it to their temporary foster homes in Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa and the United States.
Children's Overseas Reception Scheme (Advisory Council).
The following members were appointed to the Advisory Council as announced in Parliament on 26 June 1940.They met at 45 Berkeley Street London W1, Thomas Cook & Sons, Head Office.
The Right Honourable Lord Snell (Chairman), C.B.E., LL.D.Harry Snell, 1st Baron Snell.
Miss Florence Horsbrugh, M.P., Parliamentary Secretary, Ministry of Health.
Mr. James Chuter Ede, M.P., Parliamentary Secretary, Board of Education.
Mr. J. Westwood, M.P., Parliamentary Under-Secretary for Scotland.
Miss Ellen Wilkinson, M.P., Parliamentary Secretary, Ministry of Pensions.
Mr. E. R. Appleton, Organizer of Empire Youth movements.
Mr. Cyril Bavin, Y.M.C.A.
Reverend John Bennett, Catholic Council of British Overseas Settlement.
The Countess of Bessborough, Chairman of Council, Society for Overseas Settlement of British Women.
Miss, Grace Browning, Girl Guide's Association.
Mr. Laurence Cadbury, O.B.E., M.A., Chairman, Cadbury Brothers, Limited, an authority on school and welfare problems.
Lieut.-Colonel Culshaw, Salvation Army.
Miss Doggett, O.B.E., League of Empire.
Miss Ellen Evans, Principal, The Glamorgan Training College: also appointed with special reference to Wales.
Captain G. F. Gracey, Save the Children's Fund.
Mr. Gordon Green, Fairbridge Farm School.
Mr. W. A. F. Hepburn, O.B.E., M.C., LL.D., Director of Education for Ayrshire, also appointed with special reference to Scotland.
Reverend S. W. Hughes, Free Church Council.
Reverend Canon H. E. Hyde, Church of England Council for Empire Settlement.
Miss M. F. Jobson, J.P., Member of Fife Education Authority and County Council; also appointed with special reference to Scotland.
Miss E. A. Jones, M.A., Headmistresses' Association.
Mr. P. J. Kirkpatrick, Dr. Barnardo's Homes (Thomas John Barnardo).
Mr. Harold Legat, Boy Scouts' Association (The Scout Association).
The Right Honourable Sir Ronald Lindsay, G.C.B., G.C.M.G., sometime His Majesty's Ambassador to Washington.
Mr. W. A. Markham, M.A., Member of Executive National Children's Home and Orphanage.
Mrs. Norman, Vice-Chairman, Women's Voluntary Services.
Mrs. E. Parker, Ex-President, National Union of Teachers.
Dr. Donald Paterson, M.D., F.R.C.P., Physician, Great Ormond Street Hospital.
Miss Gladys Pott, C.B.E., ex-Chairman of Executive of Society for Overseas Settlement of British Women.
Mr. Brendan Quin, 1820 Memorial Settlement.
Sir William Reardon Smith, Baronet, an authority on shipping; also appointed with special reference to Wales.
Miss Edith Thompson, C.B.E., Chairman of Executive, Society for the Overseas Settlement of British Women.
A Scottish Advisory Council for CORB was also appointed, which met at 27, St. Andrew's Square, Edinburgh 2.
The Right Honourable the Lord Provost of Glasgow, P. J. Dollan, Esq., (Chairman).
Mr. Joseph Westwood, M.P., Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland. (also attended London HQ meetings)
Mr. A. L. Fletcher, B.A., former Director of Education for the County of Midlothian.
Miss Mary Tweedie, former Headmistress of the Edinburgh Ladies' College (The Mary Erskine School).
Mrs. McNab Shaw, a member of the Ayr County Council.
Miss Margaret Jobson, J.P., a member of the Fife County Council, and Fife Education Authority, (also attended London HQ meetings).
Mr. W. A. F. Hepburn, O.B.E., M.C., LL.D., Director of Education for Ayrshire, (also attended London HQ meetings).
A representative of the Quarrier's Homes, Bridge of Weir, who was appointed.
Aftermath.
After the disaster of the "City of Benares" British public opinion was opposed to the continuation of overseas evacuation, fearing further tragedies. Winston Churchill had been opposed to the scheme, so the government announced the cancellation of the CORB program. However, private evacuation efforts continued into late 1941. By September 1940 the Royal Air Force had achieved mastery over the German Luftwaffe in the Battle of Britain and the threat of an imminent German invasion (Operation Sea Lion) had abated.
Although the evacuation scheme had ceased in September 1940, CORB remained active. It was only disbanded, along with the advisory councils, in 1944, by which point the perceived German military threat had diminished.
The German captain of "U-48", Kapitänleutnant Heinrich Bleichrodt survived the war, and was held and tried by the Allies on war crimes charges concerning the sinking of the "City of Benares". He was accused of sinking the ship with the full knowledge that it had been transporting evacuees. He reaffirmed the German position that there was no way that he or the crew of the submarine could have known who was on board. It was upheld and he was acquitted. However, Bleichrodt refused to apologise to the survivors, despite several crew members of "U-48", including the radio operator, expressing their shock and regret once the facts became known.
External links.
The National Archives Children’s Overseas Reception Board Children's Overseas Reception Board

</doc>
<doc id="20163452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163452" title="Johann Köler">
Johann Köler

Johann Köler (8 March 1826 – 22 April 1899) was a leader of the Estonian national awakening and a painter. He is considered as the first professional painter of the emerging nation. He distinguished himself primarily by his portraiture and to a lesser extent by his landscape paintings. Some of his most notable pictures depict the Estonian rural life in the second half of the 19th century.
Life and work.
Johann Köler was born as the seventh child to a peasant family in Lubjassaare farmstead in Ivaski, Viljandi County. Despite the poverty of the parents Köler managed to attend the elementary and the district schools in Viljandi, Livonia. Then he attended a workshop of master painters in Võnnu. In 1846, Köler travelled to St. Petersburg to work as a sign writer, where his talent was soon discovered. From 1848 to 1855 Johan Köler studied drawing and painting at the St. Petersburg Imperial Academy of Arts.
During 1857 Köler travelled to Paris via Berlin, later returned to Germany, then travelled to the Netherlands and Belgium. In 1858, he travelled across the Alps to Milan, Geneva, Florence and Rome. There, he studied in a private academy and devoted his time to watercolor technique. In Rome during 1859 he presented his composition "Christ on the Cross".
Answering the call of the St. Petersburg Academy of Arts, Köler returned to the city in 1861. From 1862 to 1874 he was a teacher of the Grand Duchess Maria Aleksandrovna, the daughter of Czar Alexander II. In 1869–1870, he worked as a lecturer at the Academy. From 1886 to 1889 Köler worked in Vienna, Nice, and Paris.
Estonian national awakening.
The peak of Johann Köler's career coincided with the rise of the Estonian national awakening and he used his position in the imperial court to promote the cause of the Estonian people. He also was a friend of the journalist Carl Robert Jakobson, one of the authors of the idea of the Estonian self-determination.
From 1891 to 1893 Köler was the president of the Society of Estonian Literati ("Eesti Kirjameeste Selts").
Miscellaneous.
The town of Viljandi ingaugurated a monument to Köler in 1976. Eesti Post issued a commemorative postage stamp celebrating the 175th anniversary of his birth in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20163455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163455" title="Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1940–1943">
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1940–1943

This is a list of the members of the Australian House of Representatives in the 16th Australian Parliament, which was elected at the 1940 election on 21 September 1940. The incumbent United Australia Party led by Prime Minister of Australia Robert Menzies with coalition partner the Country Party led by Archie Cameron narrowly defeated the opposition Australian Labor Party led by John Curtin and continued to hold power with the support of two independents. In October 1941 the two independents switched their support to Curtin, bringing him to power.

</doc>
<doc id="20163456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163456" title="Great Scotland Yard">
Great Scotland Yard

Great Scotland Yard is a street in the St. James's district of Westminster, London, connecting Northumberland Avenue and Whitehall. It is best known as the location of the rear entrance to the original headquarters of the Metropolitan Police Service of London. 
History.
Although the etymology is not known for sure, according to a 1964 article in The New York Times, the name derives from buildings in the area being used to accommodate the diplomatic representatives of the then Kingdom of Scotland and occasionally Scottish kings when they visited English royalty. By the 17th century the street had become a site of government buildings and residences for civil servants. The architects Inigo Jones and Christopher Wren once lived there. From 1649–1651, the poet John Milton lived there during the Commonwealth of England under Oliver Cromwell's rule.
According to the London Metropolitan Police Service (MPS), the original Metropolitan Police Commissioner's office was located at 4 Whitehall Place, with a rear entrance on Great Scotland Yard. An 1862 map of Westminster shows this location. Over time, the name Scotland Yard came to be used generally as a metonym for the police headquarters.
A 1799 map of Westminster shows two other streets (no longer existing) named Scotland Yard. Middle Scotland Yard was located to the south of, and parallel to Whitehall Place. Lower Scotland Yard was the next street to the south.
The Clarence pub dates from 1896 and was named after the Duke of Clarence. At that time it was attached to the opposite corner across Great Scotland Yard by an archway. In 1908 the archway was removed in the redevelopment of Great Scotland Yard, the end of the building was refaced with newer and slightly different coloured bricks.
Since 1953 The Civil Service Club has been based in the Old Fire House, located at numbers 13-15, and is a social club for current and former members of the UK civil service.
Filming location.
A World War II scene in the 2007 movie "Atonement" with Keira Knightley and James McAvoy was produced in this road as was a scene from "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1".

</doc>
<doc id="20163457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163457" title="Michael Ian Shamos">
Michael Ian Shamos

Michael Ian "Mike" Shamos (born April 21, 1947) is an American mathematician, attorney, book author, journal editor, consultant and company director. He is (with Franco P. Preparata) the author of "Computational Geometry" (Springer-Verlag, 1985), which was for many years the standard textbook in computational geometry, and is known for the Shamos–Hoey sweep line algorithm for line segment intersection detection and for the rotating calipers technique for finding the width and diameter of a geometric figure. His publications also include works on electronic voting, the game of billiards, and intellectual property law in the digital age.
He was a fellow of Sigma Xi (1974–83), had an IBM Fellowship at Yale University (1974–75), was SIAM National Lecturer (1977–78), distinguished lecturer in computer science at the University of Rochester (1978), visited McGill University (1979), and belonged to the Duquesne University Law Review (1980–81). He won the first annual Black & White Scotch Achiever’s Award in 1991 for contributions to bagpipe musicography, and the Industry Service Award of the Billiard and Bowling Institute of America, 1996, for contributions to billiard history. Since 2001 he is a Billiard Worldcup Association official referee.
He has been editor in chief of the "Journal of Privacy Technology" (2003–2006), a member of the editorial boards of "Electronic Commerce Research Journal" and the "Pittsburgh Journal of Technology, Law and Policy", and a contributing editor of "Billiards Digest" magazine.
Shamos is the author of "The New Illustrated Encyclopedia of Billiards" (Lyons, 1999) among other related works, and is the curator of the Billiards Museum and Archive.
Michael Shamos is the Director of the MS in IT eBusiness Technology program at Carnegie Mellon University.

</doc>
<doc id="20163502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163502" title="2 Harihar Nagar">
2 Harihar Nagar

2 Harihar Nagar is a 2009 Malayalam film written and directed by Lal and produced by P N Venugopal. It is a sequel to "In Harihar Nagar" (except the first scene were the four meet each other) and a prequel to "In Ghost House Inn". The films chronicle the story of four very close friends Mahadevan (Mukesh), Govindan Kutty (Siddique), Appukuttan (Jagadish), and Thomas Kutty (Ashokan). The film ended up as a blockbuster in the Kerala box office.
Plot.
The movie starts with a flashback, in front of a church, in 1980 when the foursome were children. This scene the beginning of their friendship. Thomas Philip (a.k.a. Thomas Kutty) loses money to a scam artist, who responds to his complaints with violence. He is rescued by the other three who respond to his calls of distress. They then invite Thomas Kutty to join their group who, above all, vow never to cheat on one another. The scene is transitioned by the quote "Thomas kutty Vittodaa!" (Thomas kutty, time to run!) once the scam artist brings his friends to return the beating he got. 
The movie transitions to the current time: Each of them are introduced again, 20 years later. Mahadevan is a Psychologist and an unhappily married father in the Middle East. Govindan Kutty is a Civil Engineer-cum-CEO who's happily married and settled in Kochi. Appukuttan (now Dr. Appukuttan Nair) is a dental specialist, living in Bombay who often fights with his wife and twins. The prologue show them preparing to travel back to Harihar Nagar to attend Thomas Kutty's wedding; he, after years of "enjoying" his bachelor life, has decided to settle down and marry an orphan who belonged to the same church as him. The prologue also highlights that none of them have really changed from their flirtatious ways, despite being married.
After arriving at Harihar Nagar, they settle into Govindan Kutty's old house at Harihar Nagar. Disappointed at how life has become sombre after growing up, they decide to revert to their younger selves for the rest of the trip. To jump start their "trip back to youthfulness," Mahadevan suggests that they should create problems in the neighborhood: According to him, its only with problems that one becomes youthfully energetic. 
While staying at Govindan Kutty's house, they are greeted with flowers left at the doorstep with a tag reading "Maya." Immediately thinking that this is their old Maya, they go to meet her. They barely miss her, but Appukuttan throws a rock and breaks her car's rear window. An anonymous woman steps out of the car. But it is not "their" Maya. They are immediately arrested. Later, "Maya" comes and gets them out of jail saying that they are her friends and didn't recognize it because she hadn't seen them in a long time. Once out, she says not to bother her anymore because of this. Maya lives right across from Govindan Kutty's house. Trying to find the weakness that will draw her attention, one night Appukuttan looks to the window and is frightened by the sight of a ghostly figure with a "burned" face. 
Thomas Kutty is not staying with the other three on that night, but he arrives the next morning. Mahadevan says a sentimental story to make Maya believe that they're not here for wrong reasons. She later comes and visits them and becomes their friend. A hilarious sequence follows.
It is revealed that Maya is John Honai's daughter, in cahoots with her evil brother (John was the villain in the first part). Thomas Kutty gets kidnapped days before his wedding and his three friends are suspected. They are followed by the police. Meanwhile Junior Honai reveals that he has Thomas kutty. When the threesome (with great difficulty) enters Honai's hiding place they find Thomas Kutty. Honai demands the box filled with money which the old Maya had given them. The box is now a bank with each of the foursome knowing two digits of the password. The four escape, but now Appukuttan is missing. Maya is found and chided. But she tells her story full of dire circumstances. The correct code for the box sounds faulty. It seems that Appukuttan who is in the hands of Honai has forgotten his two digits.
After a lot of twists and turns they confround Honai who has a time bomb attached to a clinging lizard. The time bomb comically gets caught over each person. But then things get serious. The time bomb gets caught on Thomas kutty and Honai presses the ignition to burst in 30 seconds. Thomas Kutty runs to Honai in the last few seconds and pushes Honai and himself into the next room.The other three friends understood that Thomas Kutty cheated them for money.At last they again become best friends.
Release.
Box office.
The film was released in 65 screens all over Kerala and had a successful opening, owing to the cult following of its prequel. Its major opponent "Sagar Alias Jacky Reloaded" ended up as a box-office hit. This was the second biggest grossing films of the year.. The satellite rights of the film was sold for an amount of 1.2 crores.
Critical reception.
The film mostly opened to high positive reviews from the critics. Sify wrote " 2 Harihar Nagar is just what intelligent filmmaking is all about and, no wonder, this delightful comedy is a winner from the word go." Rediff wrote "The main reason 2 Harihar Nagar works is because the performance of the foursome that Lal is able to extract, giving us a sense of deja vu" and gave it 3 stars out of 5. Indiaglitz wrote "To Harihar Nagar definitely offers rib tickling comedy and delightful watch from the word goes, with apt mixing up of inexhaustible laughter and few moods of seriousness at intervals."

</doc>
<doc id="20163504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163504" title="Brian Wildsmith">
Brian Wildsmith

Brian Wildsmith (born 1930) is a painter and children's book illustrator. He won the 1962 Kate Greenaway Medal for British children's book illustration, for his "ABC" —a book without any text except the letters of the alphabet. In all his books the illustrations, usually in brilliant color, have been as important as the text.
For his contribution as a children's illustrator Wildsmith was a runner-up for the Hans Christian Andersen Medal in 1966 and 1968.
Biography.
Brian Wildsmith was born on 22 January 1930 in Penistone, a small market town in the West Riding, now in South Yorkshire, England. He was educated at the De La Salle College for Boys in Sheffield, but from the age of seventeen studied at the Barnsley School of Art (1946–1949). It was also while he was seventeen that he met Aurelie, daughter of the chef at Wentworth Woodhouse, whom he would later marry. From Barnsley he won a scholarship to the Slade School of Fine Art in London, where he studied for three years (1949–1952), and where Sir William Coldstream was among his teachers.
On leaving the Slade School he did National Service in the British Army. In 1955 he married his wife Aurelie, and in the same year began teaching at Selhurst High School (1955–1957). At this time he began designing book jackets for the publisher John Murray and others, and line illustrations for children's books published by Faber and Faber, Penguin Books, Oxford University Press and others. His work as a line draughtsman continued from 1957 to 1964. From 1960 to 1965 he also taught for one day a week at Maidstone College of Art (now part of Kent Institute of Art & Design).
Wildsmith's first love was for painting and he was eager to illustrate books in color. Mabel George of Oxford University Press, whom he first met in 1957, gave him his first opportunity when she commissioned from him, as an experiment, some illustrations for "Arabian Nights" (1961). When the experiment was a success, she commissioned "ABC" (1962), which won the Greenaway Medal. Since then he has worked with a succession of sympathetic editors, including Antony Kamm and Ron Heapy.
From 1971 Wildsmith lived in France at Castellaras, a hill village near Cannes and Grasse, with his wife, Aurelie, and their four children, Clare, Rebecca, Anna and Simon. His son, Simon (b. 1965), is a printmaker, and lives near Cahors.
Wildsmith is considered as one of the greatest children's illustrators. The British Library Association recognised his first book, the wordless alphabet book "ABC" (Oxford, 1962), with the Kate Greenaway Medal for the year's best children's book illustration by a British subject. 
Four of his works were subsequently commended runners-up for the Medal, all published by Oxford University Press: "Oxford Book of Poetry for Children", edited by Edward Blishen, 1963; "The Lion and the Rat: A Fable", by Jean de La Fontaine (1668), adapted from Aesop, also 1963; "Birds", 1967; and "The Owl and the Woodpecker", 1971. 
Each page of "Birds" illustrates a term such as "gaggle of geese".
"The Owl and the Woodpecker" is a story both written and illustrated by Wildsmith.
The biennial Hans Christian Andersen Award conferred by the International Board on Books for Young People is the highest recognition available to a writer or illustrator of children's books. Wildsmith was one of two runners-up for the inaugural illustration award in 1966 and one of three runners-up in 1968.
In 1994 a Brian Wildsmith Art Museum was opened in Izu-kogen, in the south of Tokyo, Japan. About one and a half million people visited an exhibition of his work in 2005. Eight hundred of his paintings are on loan to the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20163518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163518" title="Process flowsheeting">
Process flowsheeting

Process flowsheeting is the use of computer aids to perform steady-state heat and mass balancing, sizing and costing calculations for a chemical process. It is an essential and core component of Process Design
The process design effort may be split into three basic steps
Synthesis is the step where the structure of the flowsheet is chosen. It is also in this step that one initializes values for variables which one is free to set.
Analysis is usually made up of three steps
Optimization involves both structural optimization of the flow sheet itself as well as optimization of parameters in a given flowsheet. In the former one may alter the equipment used and/or its interconnection with other equipment. In the later one simply changes the values of parameters such as temperature, pressure "within a given flowsheet". Parameter Optimization is a more advanced stage of theory than process flowsheet optimization.
The Plant Design Project.
The first step in the sequence leading to the construction of a process plant and its use in the manufacture of a product is the conception of a process. The concept of a process is embodied in the form of a "flow sheet". Process design then proceeds on the basis of the flow sheet chosen. Physical property data are the other component needed for process design apart from a flow sheet. The result of process design is a process flow diagram, PFD. Detailed engineering for the project and vessel specifications then begin. Process flowsheeting ends at the point of generation of a suitable PFD.
General purpose flowsheeting programs became usable and reliable around 1965-1970.
References.
Westerberg A. W., Hutchinson H. P., Motard R. L., and Winter P., (1979), "Process Flowsheeting", Cambridge Universities Press, ISBN 0-521-22043-2
Veverka V. V., and Madron, F. (1997), "Material and Energy balancing in the Process Industries", Elsevier, ISBN 0-444-82409-X
Babu, B. V.(2004), "Process Plant Simulation", Oxford Universities Press, ISBN

</doc>
<doc id="20163521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163521" title="Takuya Takei">
Takuya Takei

Career statistics.
Updated 19 January 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20163528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163528" title="Lahovče">
Lahovče

Lahovče (; in older sources also "Lahoviče", ) is a village in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Geography.
Lahovče is a clustered village along Reka Creek. The intermittent channel of Voje Creek lies above the village to the northeast. Both creeks are tributaries of the Pšata River. The part of the village near the inn is named Pod Budno. Fields surround the village and are also known by microtoponyms; those to the northeast, towards Zalog pri Cerkljah, are named Pod Vogam, to the south Ilovico and Lačenberg, and to the east, toward Nasovče, Novine. The soil is sandy and fertile.
Name.
The name "Lahovče" is derived from the root "Lah", today usually 'Italian' but also meaning 'pre-Slavic settler'. The latter meaning is the source of the name, referring to a village inhabited at one time by non-Slovenes.
History.
Roman pitchers and urns were found in Kalvarija Meadow south of the village at the beginning of the 20th century, testifying to early settlement of the area. During the Second World War, four Partisans were killed on 4 October 1944 in the Cerklje Plain (). A monument commemorating the men stands in front of the village church.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Florian and belongs to the Parish of Cerklje na Gorenjskem. It dates from the 17th century and was renovated in 1830.

</doc>
<doc id="20163558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163558" title="Powell v Lee">
Powell v Lee

Powell v Lee (1908) 99 LT 284 was an English contract law case. The ruling established that acceptance of an offer must be communicated to offeror by offeree himself or authorized agent. 
Facts.
Powell applied for a job as headmaster and the school managers decided to appoint him. One of them, acting without authority, told Powell he had been accepted. Later the managers decided to appoint someone else. Then Powell brought an action alleging that by breach of a contract to employ him he had suffered damages in loss of salary.
Judgment.
The county court judge held that there was no contract as there had been no authorised communication of intention to contract on the part of the body, that is, the managers, alleged to be a party to the contract. This decision was upheld by the King's Bench Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20163571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163571" title="Poženik">
Poženik

Poženik is a village in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20163584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163584" title="London Junior Cup">
London Junior Cup

The London Junior Cup is the County Junior Cup of the London FA. The London Junior Cup was first won by Connaught in 1886–87.
Winners.
Results of finals since 1919–20 are:

</doc>
<doc id="20163589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163589" title="Hideya Okamoto">
Hideya Okamoto


</doc>
<doc id="20163607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163607" title="Alain Elkann">
Alain Elkann

Alain Elkann (born March 23, 1950) is an Italian novelist, intellectual, and journalist. Currently, Elkann is the conductor of cultural programs on Italian television. A recurring theme in his books is the history of the Jews in Italy, their centrality to Italian history, and the relation between the Jewish faith and other religions. He is a writer for La Règle du Jeu, Nuovi Argomenti, "A" and Shalom magazines.
Life and career.
Elkann was born in New York City, to a wealthy and influential family. His Italian Jewish mother, is from the influential Turinese Ovazza banking family, while his father was a French Jewish industrialist, the Chairman of Dior and the President of the Consistoire Central Israélite de France, responsible for appointing the Chief-Rabbis of France. The family returned to Italy soon after his birth. He was a collaborator of important Italian writers such as Alberto Moravia and Indro Montanelli. He wrote novels, essays and articles, among which a book he co-wrote with Italian Chief Rabbi Elio Toaff (former religious leader in Rome) called "How to be a Jew and other works" and a books of conversation with him called "The Messiah and the Jews (Il Messia e gli ebrei)". He has also published a book with Milan archbishop Carlo Maria Martini, as well as a book about Islam with Prince El Hassan bin Talal of Jordan. Elkann argues that all Jews should develop a strong connection to Israel.
In 1976, Elkann married Margherita Agnelli, daughter of the deceased president of FIAT Gianni Agnelli, from whom he had three children, two now important directors in their grandfather’s company: Lapo Elkann and John Elkann (in 2010 he became chairman of Fiat); a daughter Ginevra Elkann, in the movie industry. After divorcing his wife, Elkann remarried with Rosy Greco. He is now divorced.
Since 2004 he has been the president of the Egyptian Museum of Turin.
Since 2007 Elkann has been the president of "Fondazione CittàItalia". He is currently president of the Alliance française of Turin, president of Mecenate 90 (Rome), president of the scientific committee of Palazzo Te (Mantua), president of the FIAC of New York (Italian Foundation for Art and Culture), vice president of the Fondazione Rosselli, board member of the IULM University of Milan, where he teaches literature and arts, board member of the Museo Mega (Gallarate), member of the jury of Premio internazionale Mondello Palermo and of Premio Roma, image consultant for the municipality of Milan.
He has been counselor of the Culture Minister Giuliano Urbani during five years and on May 16, 2008 he was appointed by the Italian government Adviser for Cultural Events and Foreign Relations to the Italian Minister Sandro Bondi.
He received the "America Award" of the Italy-USA Foundation in 2010. He was awarded Chevalier de la Légion d'Honneur in December 2009 and he received the Medaille de Vermeil award from the Académie Française in November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20163637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163637" title="Jocelyn Herbert">
Jocelyn Herbert

Jocelyn Herbert RDI (22 February 1917 – 6 May 2003) was a highly influential British stage designer.
Early life.
Born in London the second of the four children of playwright, novelist, humorist and parliamentarian A. P. Herbert (1890–1971), through her father she had contact with artists, writers and stage people. She began her artistic training in Paris under the painter André Lhote (1885–1962). She then continued her education at the Slade School of Art, London where she trained in theatre design before joining the London Theatre Studio in 1936 where her theatre designs were used in the Studio's theatrical experiments. It was here that she was taught by Margaret Harris and Sophie Harris of the Motley Theatre Design Group. World War II (1939–45) interrupted this final stage of training, leading Herbert to concentrate on her family life.
The Royal Court Theatre and George Devine.
Herbert's professional career began in 1956 when she joined George Devine's English Stage Company. Devine was a theatrical manager, director, teacher and actor. The Company was based at The Royal Court Theatre, London. Her first production was Eugène Ionesco's (1909–1994) play "The Chairs". The Court attracted a hub of writers and Herbert worked on new material by the playwrights John Arden, Arnold Wesker, John Osborne, Samuel Beckett and David Storey. It was also at the Court that she first collaborated with the directors Lindsay Anderson, John Dexter and Tony Richardson. 
The National Theatre and Sir Laurence Olivier.
Herbert then moved on to the National Theatre under the director, actor and producer Laurence Olivier (1907–89) at the Old Vic, an association that led to her being invited by Olivier to join the Committee planning the National's new building on London's South Bank (opened 1976) and over which she exerted considerable influence on the shaping of the auditoria. It was at the National that Herbert first collaborated with the playwright Tony Harrison on his translation of "The Oresteia" (1980) which also played in the amphitheatre at Epidaurus, Greece. This was the beginning of a rich partnership with Harrison which went on to span both a series of theatre projects and also the Channel 4 film, "Prometheus" (1998). A rare sympathy grew between Harrison and Herbert to the extent that the boundaries between script and design became fluid. 
Influence and style.
Herbert's designs were characterised by simplicity in order to draw attention to the actors and the writing. The use of sparse structures, visible rigging, gauzes, arches and shadows were employed to create ambience rather than realism. Herbert created acting spaces on stage by using lighting that highlighted different areas of the stage. Herbert fostered an artistic policy of close collaboration with script and playwrights and directors; Devine championed this method of collaborative working at the Court. She was influential in set design, as prior to her the trend was for sumptuous sets that recreated a room/place rather than a mood or atmosphere. Her tryptic working methods brought the designer, directors and authors of plays and productions closer together. Among Herbert's productions were: "The Kitchen", "Happy Days" and "Home" (starring Ralph Richardson and John Gielgud) at the Royal Court; Laurence Olivier's "Othello" and "Early Days" (starring Ralph Richardson) at the National Theatre, London; "The Seagull" (starring Vanessa Redgrave and Peggy Ashcroft) in the West End, London. From 1967 she also designed for the opera. Herbert's first design for opera was for Sadler's Wells. She later worked at the Paris Opera House and the Metropolitan Opera, New York. Her New York production of Berg's "Lulu" in 1977, in collaboration with director John Dexter, was so acclaimed that it was still in the repertoire as late as 2010, and has been preserved on DVD. Her last opera was Harrison Birtwistle's "The Mask of Orpheus" at the Coliseum in 1986. 
Cinema work.
In addition to stage work Herbert also designed for the cinema, where she worked as production or costume designer. Her film work began in 1961 with Tony Richardson's "Tom Jones" and she worked with him again on "Ned Kelly" (1970) and "Hotel New Hampshire" (1983). For Karel Reisz she designed "Isadora" (1968), and films with Lindsay Anderson included "If..." (1968), "O Lucky Man!" (1973) and "The Whales of August" (1987).
Personal life.
Herbert had one marriage, to Anthony Lousada. They had four children — Sandra (who gained fame as a portrait photographer), Jenny, and twins Julian and Olivia. The family were neighbours of George and Sophie Devine, on Lower Mall in Hammersmith, London. A love affair developed between Jocelyn and George — love letters were discovered by George's daughter Harriet, and in due course they moved to Rossetti Studios in Flood Street, Chelsea, together. They never married, but Devine willed his estate to her. Herbert died on 6 May 2003, in Long Sutton, Hampshire. Herbert and Lousada divorced in 1960. 
Herbert's legacy.
The Jocelyn Herbert Award was established after her death and was given until 2007 by the Linbury Trust and by Jocelyn Herbert's family (in 2009 it was given by the Jocelyn Herbert Archive at Wimbledon College of Art and sponsored by the Rootstein Hopkins Foundation) to the candidate epitomising her belief in theatre. The successful candidate needs to have:
These qualities reflect Herbert's own words about design:
"For me, there seems no right way to design a play, only, perhaps, a right approach. One of respecting the text, past or present, and not using it as a peg to advertise your skills, whatever they may be, nor to work out your psychological hang-ups with some fashionable gimmick."

</doc>
<doc id="20163646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163646" title="Kinetic energy recovery system">
Kinetic energy recovery system

A kinetic energy recovery system (often known simply as KERS) is an automotive system for recovering a moving vehicle's kinetic energy under braking. The recovered energy is stored in a reservoir (for example a flywheel or high voltage batteries) for later use under acceleration. Examples include complex high end systems such as the Zytek, Flybrid, Torotrak and Xtrac used in Formula One racing and simple, easily manufactured and integrated differential based systems such as the Cambridge Passenger/Commercial Vehicle Kinetic Energy Recovery System (CPC-KERS).
Xtrac and Flybrid are both licensees of Torotrak's technologies, which employ a small and sophisticated ancillary gearbox incorporating a continuously variable transmission (CVT). The CPC-KERS is similar as it also forms part of the driveline assembly. However, the whole mechanism including the flywheel sits entirely in the vehicle’s hub (looking like a drum brake). In the CPC-KERS, a differential replaces the CVT and transfers torque between the flywheel, drive wheel and road wheel.
Use in motor sport.
History.
The first of these systems to be revealed was the Flybrid. This system weighs 24 kg (53 lbs) and has an energy capacity of 400 kJ after allowing for internal losses. A maximum power boost of 60 kW (81.6 PS, 80.4 HP) for 6.67 seconds is available. The 240 mm (9.4") diameter flywheel weighs 5.0 kg (11 lbs) and revolves at up to 64,500 rpm. Maximum torque at the flywheel is 18 Nm (13.3 ftlbs), and the torque at the gearbox connection is correspondingly higher for the change in speed. The system occupies a volume of 13 litres.
Two minor incidents were reported during testing of various KERS systems in . The first occurred when the Red Bull Racing team tested their KERS battery for the first time in July: it malfunctioned and caused a fire scare that led to the team's factory being evacuated. The second was less than a week later when a BMW Sauber mechanic was given an electric shock when he touched Christian Klien's KERS-equipped car during a test at the Jerez circuit.
FIA.
Formula One has stated that they support responsible solutions to the world's environmental challenges, and the FIA allowed the use of KERS in the regulations for the 2009 Formula One season. Teams began testing systems in 2008: energy can either be stored as mechanical energy (as in a flywheel) or as electrical energy (as in a battery or supercapacitor).
With the introduction of KERS in the 2009 season, only four teams used it at some point in the season: Ferrari, Renault, BMW and McLaren. Eventually, during the season, Renault and BMW stopped using the system. Vodafone McLaren Mercedes became the first team to win a F1 GP using a KERS equipped car when Lewis Hamilton won the Hungarian Grand Prix on July 26, 2009. Their second KERS equipped car finished fifth. At the following race, Lewis Hamilton became the first driver to take pole position with a KERS car, his team mate, Heikki Kovalainen qualifying second. This was also the first instance of an all KERS front row. On August 30, 2009, Kimi Räikkönen won the Belgian Grand Prix with his KERS equipped Ferrari. It was the first time that KERS contributed directly to a race victory, with second placed Giancarlo Fisichella claiming "Actually, I was quicker than Kimi. He only took me because of KERS at the beginning".
Although KERS was still legal in F1 in the 2010 season, all the teams had agreed not to use it. New rules for the 2011 F1 season which raised the minimum weight limit of the car and driver by 20 kg to 640 kg, along with the FOTA teams agreeing to the use of KERS devices once more, meant that KERS returned for the 2011 season. Use of KERS was still optional as in the 2009 season; and at the start of the 2011 season three teams elected not to use it.
WilliamsF1 developed their own flywheel-based KERS system but decided not to use it in their F1 cars due to packaging issues, and have instead developed their own electrical KERS system. However, they set up Williams Hybrid Power to sell their developments. In 2012 it was announced that the Audi Le Mans R18 hybrid cars would use Williams Hybrid Power.
As of 2014, the power capacity of the KERS units will increase from to . This will be to balance the sport's move from 2.4 litre V8 engines to 1.6 litre V6 engines.
Autopart makers.
Bosch Motorsport Service is developing a KERS for use in motor racing. These electricity storage systems for hybrid and engine functions include a lithium-ion battery with scalable capacity or a flywheel, a four to eight kilogram electric motor (with a maximum power level of 60 kW (81 hp)), as well as the KERS controller for power and battery management. Bosch also offers a range of electric hybrid systems for commercial and light-duty applications.
Carmakers.
Several automakers have been testing KERS systems. At the 2008 1000 km of Silverstone, Peugeot Sport unveiled the Peugeot 908 HY, a hybrid electric variant of the diesel 908, with KERS. Peugeot plans to campaign the car in the 2009 Le Mans Series season, although it will not be capable of scoring championship points.
Vodafone McLaren Mercedes began testing of their KERS in September 2008 at the Jerez test track in preparation for the 2009 F1 season, although at that time it was not yet known if they would be operating an electrical or mechanical system. In November 2008 it was announced that Freescale Semiconductor would collaborate with McLaren Electronic Systems to further develop its KERS for McLaren's Formula One car from 2010 onwards. Both parties believed this collaboration would improve McLaren's KERS system and help the system filter down to road car technology.
Toyota has used a supercapacitor for regeneration on Supra HV-R hybrid race car that won the Tokachi 24-Hour endurance race in July 2007. This Supra became the first hybrid car in the history of motorsport to win such a race.
At the NAIAS 2011, Porsche unveiled a RSR variant of their Porsche 918 concept car which uses a flywheel-based KERS that sits beside the driver in the passenger compartment and boosts the dual electric motors driving the front wheels and the 565 BHP V8 gasoline engine driving the rear to a combined power output of 767 BHP. This system has many problems including the unbalance caused to the vehicle due to the flywheel. Porsche are currently developing an electrical storage system.
In 2011, Mazda has announced i-ELOOP, a system which uses a variable-voltage alternator to convert kinetic energy to electric power during deceleration. The energy, stored in a double-layer capacitor, is used to supply power needed by vehicle electrical systems. When used in conjunction with Mazda’s start-stop system, i-Stop, the company claims fuel savings of up to 10%.
Motorcycles.
KTM racing boss Harald Bartol revealed that the factory raced with a secret kinetic energy recovery system fitted to Tommy Koyama's motorcycle during the 2008 season-ending 125cc Valencian Grand Prix. This was illegal, so they were later banned from doing it afterwards. The Lit C-1 electric motorcycle will also use a KERS as a regenerative braking system.
Bicycles.
KERS is also possible on a bicycle. The EPA, working with students from the University of Michigan, developed the hydraulic Regenerative Brake Launch Assist (RBLA)
This has also been demonstrated by mounting a flywheel on a bike frame and connecting it with a CVT to the back wheel. By shifting the gear, 20% of the kinetic energy can be stored in the flywheel, ready to give an acceleration boost by reshifting the gear.
Races.
Automobile Club de l'Ouest, the organizer behind the annual 24 Hours of Le Mans event and the Le Mans Series is currently "studying specific rules for LMP1 that will be equipped with a kinetic energy recovery system. " Peugeot was the first manufacturer to unveil a fully functioning LMP1 car in the form of the 908 HY at the 2008 Autosport 1000 km race at Silverstone.
The 2011 24 Hours of Le Mans saw Hope Racing enter with a Flybrid Systems mechanical KERS, to be the first car ever to compete at the event with a hybrid. The system consisted of high speed slipping clutches which transfer torque to and from the vehicle, coupled to a 60,000 RPM flywheel.
Audi and Toyota both developed LMP1 cars with kinetic energy recovery systems for the 2012 and 2013 24 Hours of Le Mans. The Audi R18 e-tron quattro uses a flywheel-based system while the Toyota TS030 Hybrid uses a supercapacitor-based system. When Porsche announced its return to Le Mans in 2014, it also unveiled an LMP1 car with a kinetic energy recovery system. The Porsche 919 Hybrid uses a battery system, in contrast to the previous Porsche 911 GT3 R Hybrid that used a flywheel system.

</doc>
<doc id="20163669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163669" title="Ryujiro Ueda">
Ryujiro Ueda

On October 30, 2011, he scored the only goal for his team against Yokohama FC with his head from his own half. The distance of 58.6 metres was thought to be a world record, but later measurements showed that the ball was headed in from 57.8 metres out. That means Jone Samuelsen still holds the record with 58.13 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="20163673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163673" title="James Duncan (zoologist)">
James Duncan (zoologist)

James Duncan (1804–1861) was a Scottish naturalist.
He wrote
James Duncan's papers on Diptera appeared in the "Magazine of Zoology and Botany" ( 1, ii: 145-61; iv: 359-68; v: 453-6)
External links.
BHL Digitised "Foreign Butterflies" 1858

</doc>
<doc id="20163679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163679" title="Praprotna Polica">
Praprotna Polica

Praprotna Polica () is a village in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20163681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163681" title="Gunasena de Soyza">
Gunasena de Soyza

Gunasena de Soyza CMG OBE (20 December 1902 – 12 October 1961) was High Commissioner for Ceylon in Britain from 1960 until his death. He had previously been the most senior civil servant in Ceylon.
Biography.
Gunasena De Soyza was born on 20 December 1902 in Colombo, Sri Lanka. He attended Ananda College, Colombo one of the leading Buddhist schools in Sri Lanka for his primary and secondary education and later gained admission to the Ceylon University College, graduating in 1923, and Jesus College, Oxford, where he studied classics. 
He joined the Ceylon Civil Service in 1926 and worked in the Cooperative Department, during which time the cooperative movement in Ceylon developed and received considerable recognition. In 1948 he became Permanent Secretary, serving several government departments. His final civil service position was as Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of External Affairs and Defence, from 1953 to 1960. He was then High Commissioner for Ceylon in Britain from February 1960 until his death on 12 October 1961. He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1948 in recognition of his work for the cooperative movement, and he was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="20163707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163707" title="1989–90 FDGB-Pokal">
1989–90 FDGB-Pokal

The 1989–90 FDGB-Pokal was the 39th and penultimate East German Cup, the last before reunification. The competition was won by Dynamo Dresden, who sealed their seventh cup win, and the Double, when they beat second tier team Dynamo Schwerin.

</doc>
<doc id="20163715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163715" title="Allingham">
Allingham

These notable people have the surname Allingham:

</doc>
<doc id="20163718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163718" title="Jean Dupuy (rugby union)">
Jean Dupuy (rugby union)

Jean Dupuy (25 May 1934, Vic-en-Bigorre-27 October 2010, same town) was a French rugby union footballer. He was a left-wing for Stadoceste Tarbais, where he debuted aged 19, and the French national side, gaining 40 caps and scoring 19 tries. He was 1.75 m high and weighed 84 kg.
He consecutively won 4 Five Nations Championships (along with Michel Crauste, Alfred Roques, Jacques Bouquet and Henri Rancoule), in 1959, 1960 (along with England), 1961 and 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="20163732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163732" title="Kodai Yasuda">
Kodai Yasuda

He is a younger brother of Michihiro Yasuda, who is a Japanese international footballer.
References.
He has been playing football since 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20163758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163758" title="Daniel Sheehan">
Daniel Sheehan

Daniel Sheehan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20163766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163766" title="Naohito Hirai">
Naohito Hirai

Career statistics.
As of 30 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20163774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163774" title="Thomas Parits">
Thomas Parits

Thomas Parits (born 7 October 1946) is a former international Austrian football player and manager. 
Currently, he is working as the sporting director of FK Austria Wien.

</doc>
<doc id="20163777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163777" title="Pšata, Cerklje na Gorenjskem">
Pšata, Cerklje na Gorenjskem

Pšata (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Mary Magdalene. It was built in 1738, on the site of an earlier church.

</doc>
<doc id="20163788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163788" title="Gillot">
Gillot

Gillot (or Gillott) is a French surname. It may refer to:
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20163796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163796" title="Palio di Asti">
Palio di Asti

The Palio di Asti (or "Palio Astese" in its most archaic nomenclature) is a traditional Italian festival of medieval origin that culminates with a bareback horse race.
The race has been run each year since the 13th century. The earliest record, cited by Guglielmo Ventura, dates from the third quarter of the 13th century. It has taken place every year, with the exception of a period in the 1870s and a 30 year interruption in the 20th century.
Since 1988, the race has taken place in a triangular 'square' in the center of Asti, the "Piazza Alfieri", on every third Sunday in September.
Etymology.
The word Palio derives from the Latin pallium, a rectangular sheet of cloth that the Romans wore as a cloak. Originally, the word applied only to the piece of cloth that was placed at the finishing post and awarded to the winner of the race.
Over time the word came to apply to the event in general, including all the rituals and traditions associated with the race, as well as the race itself.
History.
Origins.
Since the inception of the race, the citizens of Asti have struggled to maintain the privilege of running the Palio on the feast day of their patron saint, San Secondo, bishop of Asti, martyred on the 30th of March 119. The race is mentioned in many treaties and alliance agreements with various sovereigns, patrons and rulers.
The first certain record of the race dates from 1275. In that year Guglielmo Ventura wrote that Asti, "sicut fieri solet Ast, in festo Beati Secundi" (as is usual in Asti, during the Feast of San Secondo), ran a Palio under the walls of enemy city of Alba in order to mock its inhabitants, in the meantime devastating the surrounding vineyards.
Considering that the Palio was already a tradition in 1275, it is probable that the origins of the race date to some time after 1000, with established rules from the 13th century onwards - the period of Asti's greatest splendor. 
From the end of the 13th century to the first half of the 14th century, the race took place "alla tonda" (in the round), along a circular course that corresponds to the modern "Piazza Alfieri" and "Piazza Libertà". This course had already been called the "curriculum" (race course in Latin) in the periods of Lombard and Carolingian domination.
Seeking to strengthen the city militarily, Gian Galeazzo Visconti, who became the "signore" (lord) of Asti in 1382, built a new fortified citadel at the "curriculum".
To accommodate the new fortifications, the race was moved to a straight course of about two and a half kilometers that started outside the town and ended near its center. The new course started at the "cippo del pilone" (the milestone that gave its name to Viale Pilone), passed through the "Porta San Pietro", along the bridge on "Rio Valmanera", along the "Contrada Maestra" (now the Corso Alfieri, the main street of the town), finishing at the "Palazzo Gabuti di Bestagno", the current "Palazzo Ottolenghi". 
Visconti agreed that the race should continue to be held .
Documents kept in Asti's archives at the "Palazzo Mazzola" record that the expenditure incurred for the race was two "palii" (the plural of palio): one offered to the church of San Secondo, the other given to the winner. This is significant, because it reveals the degree of religious devotion that once accompanied the event.
Sometime between 1440 and 1464, Charles, Duke of Orléans, visiting the County of Asti that he inherited from his mother Valentina Visconti, offered as a prize a palio of crimson velvet, decorated by three golden lilies on a blue background.
The Savoys.
When Emanuele Filiberto assumed the regency of the city on May 20, 1545, he confirmed and documented the ancient customs of the festival, promising that he and his successors would supply the "palii" in perpetuity.
His code stated that the following could enter horses in the race: "all the city of Asti, all the churches of Asti, including those of the trade associations, the college, the university, the company and the citizenry, all in the name of the said churches and chapels, everything that conforms with the ancient styles, customs and privileges of that city."
In the 18th century the "palii" were combined to make a banner, usually blue, decorated with coats of arms of Savoy, the comune, the governor and the podestà (chief magistrate). The image of San Secondo riding a horse made its appearance on the palio banner dedicated to the church: at the end of the nineteenth century, it was also present on the palio banner given to the winner. 
The race originally took place on March 30 each year, at the Feast of San Secondo. From the 15th century both the day of the Palio and the Feast of San Secondo were moved to the Thursday after the "Domenica in Albis" - i.e. the second Thursday after Easter. In the early years of the 19th century the race was held three days later, on the second Sunday after Easter.
In 1818 the celebration of San Secondo was moved again, to the first Tuesday of May, so the race was moved to that date.
In 1861, new "Regulations for the horse race around the new Market Square" were published. The market square referred to is the "Campo del Palio" (Palio Field), a very large square that is today a car park and the site of Asti's weekly market. This new venue represented a radical change: from the late 14th century, the Palio had run along a straight course. 
In 1863, the event became a secular horse race, losing its traditional religious significance.
The Fascist Era.
The festival was revived in 1929 by the Podestà (Mayor) of Asti, Vincenzo Buronzo. In that year, the Palio was again held on a straight course, this time on Corso Dante - an uphill distance of about 1300 m.
In 1936, Benito Mussolini ordered that the palio be changed to a "certame cavalleresco" (chivalrous contest). The palio of Legnano received similar instructions. In spite of this, the seven events held in Asti during the two decades of fascism kept the memory of the Palio alive, and the loss of this ancient tradition was avoided.
On May 3, 1936, during the Second Italo-Abyssinian War, soldiers of the 104th Legion of Black Shirts, mainly composed of Asti residents, ran a special donkey palio on the banks of Lake Ashenge in Ethiopia. The events of the day were recorded in the Asti daily paper "La Provincia":
The participants were the "Borgo di Santa Maria Nuova", the "Rione" (district) of "San Martino", the "Borgo di Ponte Tanaro", and the "Rione Duomo" (Cathedral District). The Borgo di Santa Maria Nuova won.
The Restoration.
In 1967, to mark the 1000th anniversary of the foundation of the Marquisate of Montferrat and the 800th anniversary of the Lombard League, the palio was resurrected. The race was moved to September, to coincide with the celebrations of the "Douja d'Or" and to follow the "Festa delle sagre astigiane" - Asti's Festival of Festivals. The 1861 route in the Piazza Campo del Palio was used; stands were built with 5,000 seats, and a large area was dedicated to standing spectators. The 1967 event was attended by 100,000 spectators; 14 villages, districts and comuni (municipalities) took part.
Since 1988 the Palio has been held in the Piazza Vittorio Alfieri in the heart of the city, in an even more impressive and engaging setting.
In 1992 the Palio di Asti was combined with the national lottery. 
The "Istituto Luce" has in its files five brief movies of the Palio of Asti. The two that record the events of 1932 and 1934 are particularly important.

</doc>
<doc id="20163798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163798" title="James Warburton">
James Warburton

James Warburton (June 30, 1855 – February 1928) was a physician and political figure in Prince Edward Island, Canada. He represented 5th Queens in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1904 to 1912 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Woodbrook, Lot 10, Prince Edward Island, the son of James Warburton and Martha C. Green, and was educated at St. Dunstan's College, Prince of Wales College and Windsor College. Warburton went on to study medicine at the University of Edinburgh and practiced in Fife for some time. In 1882, he returned to practice in Charlottetown. Warburton was elected mayor of Charlottetown in 1893, in 1900 and in 1902. In 1887, he married Louise Margaretta Hobkirk. He was elected to the provincial assembly in an 1904 by-election held after John Whear resigned his seat.
His brother Alexander was a member of the Canadian House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="20163818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163818" title="Viscom">
Viscom

The Viscom AG is a German company domiciled in Hanover, supplying inspection systems for automated optical inspection (AOI) and automated x-ray inspection (AXI). Viscom inspection systems are used in automotive electronics, aeronautics, aerospace, industrial electronics and in the semiconductor industries.
History.
Viscom was founded in 1984 by Dr. Martin Heuser and Volker Pape. At its start, Viscom developed software for industrial image processing. After relocating to its current location in Hanover-Badenstedt in 1992, serial production of inspection systems for PCB assembly began. In addition to automatic optical inspection, 1995 saw the introduction of microfocus X-ray inspection and the first system worldwide to combine inspection under incident light and X-ray, establishing another main pillar for Viscom. 1998 brought the founding of branches in the USA and Singapore. With microsystem inspection, a further business sector was secured in 2001. In the same year, Viscom changed its corporate form to a German stock corporation (AG) before its initial listing on the stock market in May 2006. Since August 2007, Viscom has also offered systems for semiconductor inspection. 
Corporate Structure.
The Viscom AG is listed on the German stock exchange and maintains the following branches:
Products.
The Viscom product spectrum includes four areas: 

</doc>
<doc id="20163819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163819" title="Yusuke Nakatani">
Yusuke Nakatani


</doc>
<doc id="20163835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163835" title="Hipertrofia">
Hipertrofia

Hipertrofia ("Hypertrophy") is the third album by Coma, released on November 10, 2008. The album consists of two compact discs with 35 songs. Hypertrophy is a concept album where all songs are connected with a single leading thought.
This album was the best rock album in 2008 according to Antyradio

</doc>
<doc id="20163836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163836" title="Maximum (MAX album)">
Maximum (MAX album)

Maximum is MAX's debut studio album released under Avex Trax. The album consists entirely of Japanese language covers of Eurobeat songs. The album sold more than 1.2 million copies becoming the group's most successful release. It spent 4 non-consecutive weeks at #1. It is also the 15th best selling album of 1997.
Charts.
Album - Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)

</doc>
<doc id="20163861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163861" title="Musée Denys-Puech">
Musée Denys-Puech

The Musée Denys-Puech is an art gallery in Rodez, France. It was founded in 1903 by the sculptor Denys Puech (1854–1942), winner of the prix de Rome in 1884 and one of the official sculptors of the French Third Republic. The building was completed in 1910 by the architect A. Boyer, who designed a ground floor with large bays to enhance the sculpture collection.
Besides the foundational collections, the permanent collection shows artworks by artists originating in the region, notably the Orientalist painter Maurice Bompard (1857–1935) and the engraver Eugène Viala (1858–1913). Since 1987 it has also exhibited contemporary works, in temporary exhibitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20163874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163874" title="Texas railway line">
Texas railway line

The Texas railway line is a disused branch railway in south-western Queensland, Australia, and was the last traditional branch line railway constructed in Queensland.
The McDougall brothers settled land in the Texas region in about 1840. They later had to prove their claim to the property after another settler moved in during their absence. At the time, the United States republic of Texas was in the midst of a land war with neighbouring Mexico and thus they called their property Texas station. Deposits of silver, lead and copper were mined at Silver Spur about 12 kilometres east of Texas. Tobacco was grown in the Texas region along with a busy trade in rabbit meat and skins.
Between October 1910 and March 1912, a road train serviced the area between Inglewood (a railhead on the South Western line), Texas and Silver Spur. In 1914, following an inefficient and unreliable service, a branch line was approved linking the three centres. Construction did not begin until February 1929 and the 55-kilometre section between Inglewood and Texas opened on 3 November 1930. Two small sidings appeared en route at Magee and Mundoey
Grain, tobacco, dairy products and livestock were its main cargo but the line faced stiff competition with motor transport in the ascendancy. Closure of the Silver Spur mine sounded the death knell of an extension beyond Texas. Two trains a week connected with services at Inglewood. Although special trains ran during busy times, branch traffic was always sparse. Short spur lines ran from Texas station to livestock pens and past the Texas Freezing Works where rabbits were processed.
By 1963, passenger services had disappeared from the timetable. Regular services were withdrawn in 1985 and services were replaced by motor truck. The line closed on 1 January 1994 and is retained by Queensland Rail as a non-operational corridor. The track was left in place but other facilities were removed.

</doc>
<doc id="20163878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163878" title="Fraley Rogers">
Fraley Rogers

Fraley W. Rogers (December 25, 1850 – May 10, 1881) was an American baseball player at the dawn of the professional era. He played primarily for the amateur Star club of Brooklyn. In he moved to right field for the Boston Red Stockings in the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players, the first professional league now in its second season.
Boston won the championship. It was Rogers' only full season with the pros, but he did play in one game for the Red Stockings in 1873.
Rogers committed suicide with a gun, at the age of 30 in New York City, and is interred at Pine Grove Cemetery in Westborough, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="20163887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163887" title="Begonia × tuberhybrida">
Begonia × tuberhybrida

Tuberous begonias (Begonia × tuberhybrida Voss) are a group of Begonia cultivars, regarded as some of the most spectacular of the genus.
One of the first hybrids produced was "B. x sedenii" in 1870, a cross between "B. boliviensis", collected by botanist Richard Pearce and a species from the Andes. Another species from Peru, "B.davisii" (named after Walter Davis), was also used in early breeding.
Nomenclature.
13 Groups
1. (S) Single—large single flowers, 4 usually flat tepals (flower part undistinguishable as sepal or petal)
2. (Fr) Frilled, Crispa—large single flowers, tepal margins frilled or ruffled
3. (Cr) Cristata, Crested—large single flowers, frilled or tufted center of tepals.
4. (N) Narcissiflora, Daffodil-flowered—large more or less double flowers, central tepals form "trumpet"
5. (C) Camellia, Camelliflora—large double flowers resembling camellias, unruffled, solid colors
6. (RC) Ruffled Camellia—camellia flowers ruffled on edges
7. (R) Rosebud, Rosiflora—large double flowers with rose bud-like center
8. (Car) Carnation, Fimbriata Plena—large double carnation-like flowers, tepals fringed on margins
9. (P) Picotee—large usually double flowers like camellias, tepals with different color on margin blending with other color
10. (M) Marginata—like Picotee only distinct non-blending line of color on margins
11. (Mar) Marmorata, Marbled—like Camellia but rose-colored, blotched or spotted with white
12. (HB) Hanging Basket, Pendula—stems trailing or pendant, large to small flowers single or double
13. (Mul) Multiflora—low, bushy, compact plants with many small single or double flowers
Other systems confusingly use binomial nomenclature to refer to flower types, by the terms "Begonia grandiflora", "Begonia multiflora" and "Begonia pendula". 
The last two correspond to groups 13 and 12 respectively. The first type, "grandiflora" (large flowered) is then subdivided by flower form, e.g. "Begonia grandiflora erecta".
Cultivation.
Tuberous begonias grow best in partial shade or filtered sunlight. Excessive exposure to sunlight can result in burnt flowers and leaves. However, too much shade will result in lush foliage and few flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="20163890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163890" title="Robin Hood's Quest">
Robin Hood's Quest

Robin Hood's Quest is a stealth adventure game released on February 16, 2007 for the Sony PlayStation 2 and PC.
The game generally received very negative reviews.
"Ace Gamez" awarded a poor 1/10 saying, "this shambles of a shell of a sham of a wreck of a ruin of a shadow of a 'dog ate my homework' standard excuse for a game was nothing more than an abominably programmed, hideously simplistic yet almost entirely unplayable piece of garbage".
In the same way "Strategy Informer" said the best moment of the game was "Listening to the fantastically laughable dialogue for the first time and wondering if a game can really be this bad."

</doc>
<doc id="20163911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163911" title="French Argentine">
French Argentine

A French Argentine (, ) is an Argentine citizen of full or partial French ancestry. French Argentines form the third largest ancestry group after Italian Argentines and Spanish Argentines. Between 1857 and 1946, 261,020 French people immigrated to Argentina.
Today more than 6 million Argentines have some degree of French ancestry (up to 17% of the total population).
While Argentines of French descent make up a substantial percent of the Argentine population, they are less visible than other similarly-sized ethnic groups. This is due to the high degree of assimilation and the lack of substantial French colonies throughout the country.
French immigration to Argentina.
During the first half of the 19th century, most of French immigrants to the New World settled in the United States and in Uruguay. While the United States received 195,971 French immigrants between 1820 and 1855, only 13,922 Frenchmen, most of them from the Basque Country and Béarn, left for Uruguay between 1833 and 1842. During this period of time, Uruguay received most of French immigrants to South America as the conflictual relationship between Rosas and the French government had created a xenophobic climate against French immigrants in the Buenos Aires province. After the fall of Rosas in 1852, Argentina overtook Uruguay and became the main pole of attraction for French immigrants in Latin America.
From the second half of the 19th century to the first half of the 20th century, Argentina received the second largest group of French immigrants worldwide, second only to the United States. Between 1857 and 1946 Argentina received 239,503 French immigrants - out of which 105,537 permanently settled in the country. Until 1976, 116,032 settled in Argentina. French immigration to Argentina can be divided in three periods. France was the third source of immigration to Argentina before 1890, constituting over 10% of immigrants, only surpassed by Italians and Spaniards. From 1890 to 1914, immigration from France, although reduced, still was significative. After WWI, the flow of French immigrants was minimal and only grew after WWII to finally dry up in the 1950s.
In 1810, Buenos Aires had a population of 28,528 inhabitants, including 13 French citizens. At the beginning of the 19th century, French immigration to Argentina was not substantial. Mainly constituted of political exiles and former officers from the imperial army, it became more considerable from the year 1825, reaching up to 1,500-2,000 French immigrants some years. In 1839, it was estimated that 4,000 Frenchmen were living in the province of Buenos Aires, this figure increased to 12,000 in 1842. From the next decade, French started to settle in Argentina in large numbers.
During the first period (1850–1890), French immigration is similar, in numbers and in features, to those of Italians and Spaniards. It belongs to a larger movement of emigration of Basque people, from both sides of the Pyrenees. Until 1852, most of French immigrants to the Río de la Plata were settling in Uruguay. French formed the largest group of immigrants to Argentina until 1854. The country received 1,484 French immigrants in 1856, Frenchmen still were the second most important immigrant group after Italians. The number of French immigrants present in the Buenos Aires Province reached 25,000 in 1859. In 1861, 29,196 Frenchmen were registered in Argentina, including 14,180 living in the city of Buenos Aires where they represented the third largest foreign community and made up 7.5% of the population. In 1869, at the time of the first national census, 32,383 Frenchmen lived in the country, or about 1.7% of the total population. Immigration from France increased dramatically in the first half of the 1870s (with a peak in 1873) and in the second half of the 1890s (61,382 immigrants in a three-year period). The last rise in figures is due to a politic conducted by the Argentine government in order to reduce the increasing importance of Italian immigration, for that purpose 132,000 free travel tickets were distributed in Europe between 1888 and 1890, 45,000 out of them were given in France. In 1887, there were 20,031 Frenchmen living in Buenos Aires, 4.6% of the 433,421 inhabitants.
During the second stage (from 1890 to 1914), French immigration is more similar to those of Germans and Britons, and is characterized by a reduced net migration rate, with the exception of the year 1912 when immigration raised as a result of propaganda led by the Argentine government in Southern France to fill in the gap caused by the prohibition of emigration from Italy to Argentina in 1911. In 1895, after the largest wave of French immigrants had settled in Argentina, they were 94,098, i.e. 2.3% of the total population (33,185 of them were living in the city of Buenos Aires where they represented the third largest foreign community and made up 4.9% of the population). Only the United States had a higher number of French expatriates, with over one hundred Frenchmen having immigrated there. At the turn of the 20th century figures started to decrease as immigration from France declined and previously established immigrants merged within the population. It was estimated that 100,000 Frenchmen were living in Argentina in 1912, 67% of the 149,400 Frenchmen living in Latin America and the second largest community worldwide after the United States (125,000). In 1914, 79,491 Frenchmen were registered, accounting for 1% of the Argentine population.
As a consequence of this evolution, French immigrants represented 5% of the flow of immigrants to Argentina until the 1870s, reaching its maximum (around 12% of immigrants) in the 1870s-1880s, decreasing to 4% at the end of the 20th century and only represented 1% of immigrants in the 1920s. The year 1890 then points out the end of the most significant step of French immigration to Argentina, a rather paradoxical migratory process: important until this date, it becomes minoritary when the phenomenon of mass-immigration to Argentina starts.
The flow decreased dramatically during WWI. After 1918, French immigrants to Argentina numbered 1,500 per year and had a slightly positive net migration rate. The flow of French immigrants then gradually dried up. In the 1960s, around 4,000 Pieds-Noirs immigrated to Argentina from the newly independent Algeria, they constituted the last large migration from France to Argentina.
Half of French immigrants until the second half of the 20th century came from southwestern France, especially from the Basque Country, Béarn (Basses-Pyrénées accounted for more than 20% of immigrants), Bigorre and Rouergue. Other important groups came from Savoy and the Paris region. It was estimated that at least 70% of French immigrants in Tandil were coming from the Southwestern part of the country and that half of them were of Basque stock. Until the 1880s, the great majority of French immigrants to Argentina were from the Pyrenees. Basques started settling in Argentina in the 1830s, then they began heading towards Chile and the United States in the 1870s.
Today it is estimated that up to 17% of Argentines have partial French ancestry. French Argentines formed a large portion of the elite of the country. In 1959 it was estimated that 7% of the upper-class of Buenos Aires was of French background, their ancestors having settled in the country between 1840 and 1880.
While found throughout the country, they are most numerous in Buenos Aires, Santa Fe, Entre Ríos, Córdoba, Mendoza and Tucumán provinces. According to the national census of 1895, 37.3% of Frenchmen settled in Argentina lived in the province of Buenos Aires, 35.2% in the city of Buenos Aires, 10.9% in Santa Fe and 5.1% in Entre Ríos. In the Buenos Aires province, they mostly settled south of a line uniting the partidos of Tandil and Azul, their presence being particularly noticeable in the town of Pigüé.
As of 2010, almost 15,000 French citizens are living in Argentina, the community may be higher though.
French colonies in Argentina.
In 1857, an immigrant from Béarn, Alejo Peyret, founded the first farming colony in Entre Ríos, San José. In 1864, out of 380 families living in San José, 125 were from Savoy.
The town of Pigüé, founded by 165 Occitan-speaking French immigrants from Rouergue in 1884, is considered a focal center of French culture in Argentina. It is estimated that 30% to 40% of Pigüé's modern inhabitants can trace their roots to Aveyron and they still speak Occitan.
According to the 1869 census, a quarter of immigrants to the province of Mendoza were from France. In 1895, they made up 15% of immigrants of the province, right after Italians and Spaniards (26.1% and 17.3% respectively). Frenchmen were particularly numerous in the wine-producing departments of Maipú, Luján and in the French colony of San Rafael, founded by engineer Julio Gerónimo Balloffet.
In 1904, the governor of Tucumán founded a town carrying his name, Villa Nougués, as a replica of Boutx in Haute-Garonne, a French village where his family traces its roots back to.
Legacy.
French immigration has left a significant mark on Argentina, with a notable influence on the arts, culture, science and society of the country. In particular, many emblematic buildings in cities like Buenos Aires, Rosario, and Córdoba were built following French Beaux Arts and neoclassical styles, such as the Argentine National Congress, the Metropolitan Cathedral, or the Central Bank building. In particular, landscape architect Carlos Thays, in his position as 1891 Director of Parks and Walkways, is largely responsible for planting thousands of trees, creating the Buenos Aires Botanical Garden and giving the city much of its parks and plazas that are sometimes compared to similar designs in Paris.
Important contributions to the arts include the works of Eugène Py, considered the founding pioneer of Argentine cinema, as well as the development of new literary genres by writers like Paul Groussac or Julio Cortázar. In the field of science, two Argentine Nobel Prize laurates were of French descent, Bernardo Houssay, 1947 laurate in Medicine, and Luis Federico Leloir, 1970 laurate in Chemistry.
In 1851, Captain Louis Tardy de Montravel wrote that the city of Buenos Aires was stamped by French influence, French literature and language being there more widespread than anywhere else. According to him, this preference for France was not due to a capricious and brief craze, rather the result of a natural liking and a perfect similarity between French and Argentine characters, underlining the same lightness of being, the same quick-wittedness and liveliness, as well as the same kindness to foreigners and the similar ability for international influence.
Lunfardo.
Lunfardo is an argot of the Spanish language which appeared in Buenos Aires at the end of the 19th century. It integrated a lot of words and expressions from languages and dialects spoken by immigrants, notably Italians, Spaniards and French. Lunfardo was heavily used in tango lyrics. After 1912, as tango became popular in Paris, French expressions were incorporated into tango lyrics and made their way into lunfardo. It has now become an integral part of the Spanish spoken in Argentina and some of these words are still used on a daily basis.

</doc>
<doc id="20163919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163919" title="List of alternate reality games">
List of alternate reality games

An alternate reality game (ARG) is an interactive narrative that uses the real world as a platform, often involving multiple media and game elements, to tell a story that may be affected by participants' ideas or actions.

</doc>
<doc id="20163921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163921" title="Collinz Room">
Collinz Room

Collinz Room is an American Rock band from Los Angeles, CA. Collinz Room was formed in 2002 and currently is working on a new cd, expected to be released in 2012. 
Biography.
Formed in 2002 out of Los Angeles California, Collinz Room takes center stage in the world of straight up rock, fine tuned with alternative, and not without that punch of punk. Their style is described as "a blend of raw rock with a soulful edge" by James James of Speak EZ radio and "a flavored addiction that begs for more" by Shawn Plunkett of Flare Magazine. Collinz Room is known for their dulcet vocals well balanced with a tenacious range of beats and riffs. 
Achievements.
Collinz Room has released two albums; “Vampire Puppet” and “Silence the Insects”, and is in the process of writing and recording their third. In 2010 the single “Just Another Day” won them their second LA Music Award after being featured on a Saw IV soundtrack. Both albums are available through digital retailers worldwide. They have been seen playing venues such as Mtv's Campus Courtyard, Tide Fest, and most recently in the 2011 Warped Tour. 
Members.
The band members Ric Amieva, vocals; Lew Nottke, guitar; Kris Campbell, bass; and Luis Campos “Chocs”, drummer, known for their catchy tunes and eclectic style, continue to impress the music industry and fans alike as the next up-and-coming band bringing together the elements of unforgettable music and an explosive live show.
Past member includes Jonny Whitton on the lead guitar and Jay Mcneal on the bass guitar

</doc>
<doc id="20163943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163943" title="Animal Genetics">
Animal Genetics

Animal Genetics is a bi-monthly scientific journal published by the Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Society for Animal Genetics. 
The impact factor of Animal Genetics is 2.605 (2009) making the journal number 9, out of 50, in the Thomson Reuters ISI "Agriculture, Dairy & Animal Science" category.
Animal Genetics reports frontline research on immunogenetics, molecular genetics and functional genomics of economically important and domesticated animals. Publications include the study of variability at gene and protein levels, mapping of gene, traits and QTL, associations between genes and traits, genetic diversity, and characterization of gene expression and control.
The journal publishes full-length articles, short communications and brief notes, as well as mini-reviews on issues of interest to Animal Genetics readers.

</doc>
<doc id="20163949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163949" title="Kurt Welzl">
Kurt Welzl

Kurt Welzl (born 6 November 1954) is a former international Austrian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20163955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163955" title="Pšenična Polica">
Pšenična Polica

Pšenična Polica () is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20163961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163961" title="Friedhelm Waldhausen">
Friedhelm Waldhausen

Friedhelm Waldhausen (born 1938, Millich, Hückelhoven, Rhine Province) is a German mathematician known for his work in algebraic topology.
Academic life.
He studied mathematics in Göttingen, Munich and Bonn, where he obtained his PhD in 1966 with "Eine Klasse von 3-dimensionalen Mannigfaltigkeiten" (A class of 3-dimensional manifolds) from the Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität. His advisor was Friedrich Hirzebruch
After visits to Princeton University, the University of Illinois and the University of Michigan he moved in 1968 to Kiel, where he habilitated (qualified to assume a professorship). 
In 1969, he was professor at the Ruhr-Universität before in 1970 becoming a professor of mathematics at the Universität Bielefeld, an appointment he held until his retirement in 2004.
Publications.
His early work was mainly on the theory of 3-manifolds. He dealt mainly with Haken manifolds and Heegaard splitting. Among other things, he proved that, roughly speaking, any homotopy equivalence of Haken manifolds is homotopic to a homeomorphism, i.e. that closed Haken manifolds are topologically rigid. He put forward the Waldhausen conjecture about Heegaard splitting.
In the mid-seventies, he extended the connection between geometric topology and algebraic K-theory by introducing a kind of algebraic K-theory for topological spaces. This led to new foundations for algebraic K-theory (using what are now called Waldhausen categories) and also gave new impetus to the study of highly structured ring spectra. Articles: "Algebraic K-Theory of Topological Spaces I" (1976) and "Algebraic K-theory of spaces" (1983).
Honors.
Among others, he was awarded the von Staudt Prize in 2004 along with Guenter Harder, and an honorary doctorate from the Universität Osnabrück.

</doc>
<doc id="20163968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163968" title="Glh.">
Glh.

glh. refers to GLH Hotels Management (UK) Limited, a British-based global hotel company.
glh. is the largest owner-operator hotel management company in London with over 4,000 hotel rooms. It currently has thirty-six hotels (2013) with a total of 8,279 hotel rooms and 337 meeting rooms across the United Kingdom. It is headquartered in London, UK
glh. manages the Thistle brand, the Guoman collection of Hotels, Clermont Hotels & Residences and Amba Hotels. The Thistle brand operates 31 hotels throughout the United Kingdom. Guoman has five hotels under its collective branding, The 5-star Royal Horseguards Hotel, The Grosvenor Hotel, The Tower Hotel, The Cumberland Hotel and the Charing Cross Hotel, all located within London.
History.
On 11 June 2013, glh. was relaunched by Chief Executive Mike DeNoma. glh. announced its new global owner-operator strategy focusing on the 100 global cities with a 10 year ambition to become "the world’s best managed hospitality company", delivering "the best guest centred experience in the industry". According to their press release, they would launch three new brands within the following 12 months. Prior to the relaunch in June 2013, glh. operated under the name Guoman Hotel Management (UK) Limited.
On the 1st of October 2013, glh. presented Clermont Hotels & Residences, an international luxury hotel and private residences brand which will make its debut with the conversion of the Royal Horseguards Hotel into 'Clermont London', opening in 2014. The other two hotels under the luxury brand will form part of a mixed development including luxury residences and will be located in Singapore and Kuala Lumpur. They are due to open in 2016.
On the 23rd of October, glh. launched Amba, a global 4-star hotel brand catering to “the discerning business and leisure traveller”. The first four Amba Hotels are expected to be located in London with a total of 2,088 rooms available in 2015. The four launch properties announced by glh. are situated in Marble Arch, Tower Bridge, Charing Cross and Buckingham Palace Road in London. The property on Buckingham Palace Road will be the first to open in June 2014. glh. also announced its plans to open the Amba brand across 30 UK cities and expand internationally in China, the USA and Europe.
The company is owned by Guocoleisure, an international investment company headquartered in Singapore renamed from BIL International Limited, and has a primary listing on the Singapore Exchange, with secondary listings on the London and New Zealand Stock Exchanges. The company's primary role is as an active investor with strategic shareholdings and active investment management.
Chief Executive.
The Chief Executive of the company is Mike DeNoma, who replaced Tim Scoble on 1 August 2012.
Before joining glh. Mike DeNoma was chairman, president and chief executive of Chinatrust Commercial Bank, one of Asia's first international Chinese financial institutions. Previously, from 1999 to 2009, DeNoma was chief executive of the Global Consumer Bank at Standard Chartered.
Earlier in his career he was the founder and chief executive of two nationwide companies in China and held senior executive positions with Hutchison Whampoa, Citibank and PepsiCo after starting his career at Procter & Gamble.
A keen ultramarathon runner, DeNoma regularly competes in athletic challenges to generate funds for vulnerable children, having already raised over US$500,000 for the Impossible Odds Foundation 

</doc>
<doc id="20163974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20163974" title="David P. Irving">
David P. Irving

David Purdy Irving (April 6, 1841 – 1922) was a farmer and political figure in Prince Edward Island, Canada. He represented 4th Queens in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1900 to 1912 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Cherry Valley, Prince Edward Island, the son of James Irving and Anne McKenzie. He was educated at Prince of Wales College and taught school for some time. In 1867, he married Anne Tweedy. Irving operated a large orchard at Cherry Valley.
His brother James C. Irving also served in the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20164015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164015" title="Acetylcarnosine">
Acetylcarnosine

"N"-Acetylcarnosine (NAC) is a naturally occurring compound chemically related to the dipeptide carnosine. The NAC molecular structure is identical to carnosine with the exception that it carries an additional acetyl group. The acetylation makes NAC more resistant to degradation by carnosinase, an enzyme that breaks down carnosine to its constituent amino acids, beta-alanine and histidine.
Actions.
Carnosine and metabolic derivatives of carnosine, including NAC, are found in a variety of tissues but particularly muscle tissue. These compounds have varying degrees of activity as free radical scavengers. NAC is particularly active against lipid peroxidation in the different parts of the lens in the eye. It is the active ingredient of eye drops used in order to prevent or treat cataracts.
Research.
During early experiments performed at the Moscow Helmholtz Research Institute for Eye Diseases, it was shown that NAC (1% concentration), was able to pass from the cornea to the aqueous humour after about 15 to 30 minutes.
It is believed that NAC is deacetylated (loses its acetyl group) and transforms into carnosine, which then acts as an antioxidant and against glycation. In another study NAC was reported as effective in improving vision in cataract patients and reduced the appearance of cataract. The authors called this ‘a snow melting effect’ referring to the slow reduction of the cataractous tissues in the lens following the use of NAC eye drops. Transparency of the lens improved after using NAC eye drops at a concentration of 1% twice a day for four months. These results were relevant to all forms of cataract, mild or severe, although other studies found the most beneficial effect was in relation to early forms of cataract. This was a landmark study which caused many commercial operators to manufacture their own brands of anti-cataract NAC eye drops.
In a 2004 trial of 90 canine eyes with cataracts, led by researcher Mark Babizhayev, NAC was reported to have performed better than placebo in positively affecting lens clarity. The Babizhayev group later published a placebo-controlled clinical trial of NAC in 76 human eyes with mild to advanced cataracts and reported similar positive results for NAC. However, a 2007 scientific review of the current literature discussed the limitations of the clinical trial, noting that the study had low statistical power, a high dropout rate and "insufficient baseline measurement to compare the effect of NAC," concluding that "a separate larger trial is needed to justify the benefit of long-term NAC therapy."
The Royal College of Ophthalmologists issued the following public statement about NAC as of August 2008:The evidence for the effectiveness of N-acetyl carnosine eye drops is based on experience on a small number of cases carried out by a Russian researcher team . To date, the research has not been corroborated and the results replicated by others. The long-term effect is unknown. Unfortunately, the evidence to date does not support the 'promising potential' of this drug in cataract reversal. More robust data from well conducted clinical trials on adequate sample sizes will be required to support these claims of efficacy. Furthermore, we do not feel the evidence base for the safety is in any way sufficient to recommend its use in the short term. More research is needed.</ref>
Babizhayev and colleagues, of the US-based company Innovative Vision Products (IVP), which markets NAC treatments, published another human clinical trial in 2009. They reported positive results for NAC as well as arguing "only certain formulas designed by IVP..are efficacious in the prevention and treatment of senile cataract for long-term use."
In a 2010 book on ocular disease, the current state of this subject is summarized as follows:
Carnosine (ß-alanyl-L-hystidine), and its topical prodrug formulation N-acetylcarnosine (NAC), is advertised (especially on the internet) to treat a range of ophthalmic disorders associated with oxidative stress, including age-related and diabetic cataracts. No convincing animal studies or masked clinical trials have been reported.

</doc>
<doc id="20164056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164056" title="Flylab">
Flylab

Flylab Srl is an Italian light aircraft manufacturer based in Ischitella, Foggia.
Flylab produce a range of variants of the basic Flylab Tucano (toucan) model. Their offerings include the popular Tucano basic model, the improved Tucano V, its amphibious version Tucano HV, the budget Tucano Delta3 ("Deltatre"), the amphibious Tucano HD3 and HD3A and the twin-engined Tucano Delta3 TW and Delta3 VTW. With a cost of slightly less than €11,000, the Tucano Delta3 is one of the cheapest ready to fly ultralights available on the market.
Being a Rotax authorized partner, Flylab powers all its aircraft with the Rotax 503 and
582 engines although early examples have been known to be fitted with Limbach Flugmotoren L1700EA engines.

</doc>
<doc id="20164066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164066" title="2000 South African motorcycle Grand Prix">
2000 South African motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2000 South African motorcycle Grand Prix was the first round of the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 19 March 2000 at Phakisa Freeway.

</doc>
<doc id="20164077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164077" title="2000 Malaysian motorcycle Grand Prix">
2000 Malaysian motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2000 Malaysian motorcycle Grand Prix was the second round of the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 2 April 2000 at the Sepang International Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20164088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164088" title="Glen Ord Distillery">
Glen Ord Distillery

Glen Ord is a whisky distillery in the Scottish Highlands and is the only remaining single malt scotch whisky distillery on the Black Isle. Its principal product is an eponymous 12-year old single malt whisky. The distillery won awards for the best single malt at the International Wine and Spirit Competition in 1994 and 1996, and at the Monde Selection in 1996 and 1997. However, IWSC and Monde Selection awards are non-competitive and only products that pay to enter are judged.
History.
In the mid-1200s the MacKenzies of Ord were granted lands in the west of Scotland by King Alexander III. In 1820 Thomas MacKenzie of Ord inherited the estate embarked on rejuvenating the area. A large portion of MacKenzie's land was devoted to the cultivation of barley, as such he decided to lease the land for a distillery to be built, this would also provide year round employment for local men. 
At the time there were nine small licensed distilleries operating in the area to compete with, the majority of which were being run by ten-twelve of the tenant farmers. The whole of the barley crop was used in the distilleries as it was the fastest way of turning it into funds with which to pay the rent. Water from Loch nam Bonnach and Loch nan Eun flowed to two large water wheels from which the distillery derived its power. The water for the mashing was taken from a well known as the Cuckoo Well.
In its early days the distillery operated under the name of the Ord Distillery Company. It employed 18 people and was founded in 1838 by licence holders Robert Johnstone and Donald MacLennan, who both eventually went bankrupt in 1847. In spite of bankruptcy, the distillery continued to operate illegally for a few years before they received another licence under new owners, Alexander McLennan and Thomas McGregor, in 1855.
By the time of McLennan's death in 1870, Glen Ord was sold throughout the British Colonies, including places as far as Singapore and South Africa. His widow married Alexander MacKenzie, a bank clerk from Beauly, who took over running the distillery in 1877. Upon taking over the enterprise, McKenzie constructed several new buildings which were burnt down soon afterwards. In 1880, he began marketing and selling some of Glen Ord under the name of Glen Oran.
In 1896, MacKenzie sold the distillery to James Watson & Son, whisky blenders of Dundee, who purchased the enterprise for £15,800. The company had previously acquired three other distilleries as they were primarily invested in selling blended high quality whiskies, particularly Watson's No. 10.
With the onset of World War I in 1917 the distillery was closed, along with a number of other similar businesses, by the government in order to preserve barley for food supplies. The distillery reopened after the war in 1919. However, the Watsons sold the company only four years later to Thomas Dewars & Sons of Perth, who amalgamated with the Distillers Company. They in turn, sold the distillery again in 1930 to Scottish Malt Distillers, a subsidiary company of Distillers Company Ltd.
The distillery closed its doors for a second time in 1939 due to World War II. They did not open again until 1946. Three years later, the distillery installed electrical wiring for the first time into the building, giving up the use of paraffin lamps. In 1958 the distillery went through another major change when the Meal mill closed. In 1961 the distillery ceased the use of their floor maltings and began using new saladin boxes. Five years later they greatly expanded production by tripling the number of coal-fired stills from two to six, outifitting them with steam-heated coils. They continued improvements in 1968 by constructing large mechanical floor maltings next to the distillery that could meet the needs of not only their operation but seven other Scottish Malt Distillers. Glen Ord, however, continued to use their own saladin boxes until 1983.
In 1985 DCL, including its subsidiary Scottish Malt Distillers, merged with Guinness. The resultant grain and malt distilling enterprises were organised under the name of United Distillers Ltd. In 1997 Guinness and Grand Metropolitan merged to form Diageo, with head offices in London.
In 2001 the distillery began using Biobed Modular Plant technology to treat wastewater with low chemical oxygen demand (COD) loads. The distillery was the first company in the United Kingdom to adopt such technology.
Today the distillery continues to produce Glen Ord whisky for Diageo, which includes the whisky in Dewar blends and Diageo’s "Hidden Malts" series. The distillery offers public tours throughout the year with hours on a seasonal schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="20164091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164091" title="2000 Japanese motorcycle Grand Prix">
2000 Japanese motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2000 Japanese motorcycle Grand Prix was the third round of the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 9 April 2000 at the Suzuka Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20164092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164092" title="Ravne, Cerklje na Gorenjskem">
Ravne, Cerklje na Gorenjskem

Ravne () is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20164105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164105" title="2000 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix">
2000 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2000 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix was the fourth round of the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 30 April 2000 at the Circuito Permanente de Jerez.

</doc>
<doc id="20164114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164114" title="2000 French motorcycle Grand Prix">
2000 French motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2000 French motorcycle Grand Prix was the fifth round of the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 14 May 2000 at the Bugatti Circuit in Le Mans.

</doc>
<doc id="20164121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164121" title="Loulou Gasté">
Loulou Gasté

Louis "Loulou" Gasté (18 March 1908 – 8 January 1995) was a French composer of several successful mélodies.
Louis Gasté was born in Paris in 1908. In his fifty year career, he composed approximately 1,200 songs, ten of which have received international success. In 1929, he played in Ray Ventura's orchestra, and composed several pieces for him. He discovered and launched Line Renaud, a famous French singer and actress in 1945, and married her in 1950.
He died at Rueil-Malmaison in 1995.
"Pour Toi" / "Feelings"/ "Dis-Lui" : Story of a single song.
In September 1956, Loulou composed "Pour Toi" ("For you") with lyrics by Albert Simonin and his wife Marie-Hélène Bourquin, for the popular singer Dario Moreno. Dario Moreno sang it in the film "Le Feu aux Poudres". It was sung later by Line Renaud, and was reinterpreted in France and internationally by various singers.
In 1974, Morris Albert sang it in English and was associated as the original author in "Feelings", launched in São Paulo by Augusta Do Brazil. In 1975, Mike Brant brought it back to France under the title "Dis-Lui" ("Tell her").
In 1976, "Feelings" was a worldwide success and was recorded by Elvis Presley, Frank Sinatra and others.
In 1977, Loulou discovered the song was one of his own melodies and later sued Morris Albert. On 22 December 1988, a court found in favor of Loulou Gasté, and he is now officially the sole creator of the song, gaining seven-eighths of all royalties (though Albert gets the rest for his lyrics contribution).
Compositions (incomplete).
For Line Renaud, he composed some famous tunes :

</doc>
<doc id="20164125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164125" title="2000 Italian motorcycle Grand Prix">
2000 Italian motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2000 Italian motorcycle Grand Prix was the sixth race of the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 28 May 2000 at the Mugello Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20164126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164126" title="WYCL">
WYCL

WYCL (1540 AM) is a radio station licensed to Niles, Ohio, and serving the Youngstown-Warren area from its studio/transmitter facility in Mineral Ridge. The station is only allowed to broadcast with 500 watts during the daytime hours. WYCL and urban AC-formatted WHTX are owned by Sagittarius Communications, LLC
History.
The station went on the air as the original home of WNIO, which is where the call letters were derived from, the city of license of Niles, Ohio. The station was first owned by "The Niles Broadcasting Company," headed by Frank Bevilacqua, his son Robert Bevilacqua and Stephen Conti and operated out of studios at their transmitter site in Mineral Ridge, Ohio.
WNIO signed on as a Top 40 station, competing against the dominant Top 40 station in the market, WHOT (then at 1330 kHz; that frequency is now home to WGFT). During its Top 40 run, It featured personalities like Ron Leader, Steve Miller, Mike Richards, Vince Camp, Frankie "Mr. Lucky" Halfacre, and newsmen Ed Richards and Mark Dailey. By mid-1973, still under the Bevilacquas' ownership, the station had switched to a contemporary country format. "PS Broadcasting Corp," owned by James Psihoulis, acquired WNIO in late 1973. PS Broadcasting also owned WWIZ 103.9 MHz in nearby Mercer, which also featured the C&W format, and both stations often promoted each other.
WNIO would be the prominent country music voice in the Mahoning Valley region until the late 1980s, when FM stations like WQXK picked up the format. WNIO would be spun off to "WNIO Broadcasting Inc.," headed by Robert Doane and Dominic Baragona, in May 1980 (renamed "WN Broadcasting" in 1990), and launched an FM sister station, classic rock WNCD "CD106 The Wolf" (then located at the 106.1 MHz facility, also licensed to Niles) in 1988.
The station became WNRB on May 5, 1990, in a simulcast of Warren station WANR as "Network 15 - The Talk of the City." Both WANR and WNRB would carry a mixture of local talk programming and urban contemporary music. WANR would eventually be spun off to a separate ownership, thus ending the simulcast. On May 23, 1994, the station changed its call sign to WFNE, taking an all-comedy format (one of the few stations to do so in the entire country) as "Funny 1540." It also served as an affiliate for Dr. Demento's syndicated radio show. In the spring of 1995, the station reverted to its original WNIO callsign, and took an adult standards format featuring Vince Camp and onetime WHOT jocks Johnny Kay, Steve Miller and Dick Thompson.
WNIO and WNCD would eventually be purchased by Jacor Communications in July 1997, but a complex series of transactions over the course of two years soon began to take place. Bain Gocom, the Boston venture capital company that was a major investor in WKBN-TV's now-former parent company, purchased both WRTK 1390-AM and WBBG 93.3-FM in February 1998, then bought WTNX 95.9-FM and New Castle stations WICT 95.1-FM and WPAO 1470-AM by the end of that year. Gocom then leased out to Jacor operating control of their entire radio station group. Jacor would also buy WKBN 570-AM, WKBN 98.9-FM, and three additional stations in New Castle - WKST 1280-AM, WKST-FM 92.1-FM and WBZY 1200-AM, and took over operations of WBTJ 101.9-FM from owner Stop 26/Riverbend under an LMA. After Jacor completed its merger with Clear Channel Communications on April 29, 1999, ten radio stations in the Youngstown/New Castle region were now united under one roof.
Clear Channel decided to move WNIO's adult standards format to the Gocom-owned 1390 kHz facility, which would enable the station to operate around-the-clock as opposed to a daytime-only basis, a move that took place on November 11, 1999 (the adult standards format would last until December 27, 2010). While the 1540 kHz facility took the WRTK call letters, the "Real Talk" talk radio format previously heard on the 1390 kHz facility was discontinued. Instead, WRTK would operate first as a simulcast of WNCD, then of WBBG (which assumed the 106.1 MHz facility that was home to WNCD a year later), with the Mineral Ridge studios effectively abandoned.
WRTK and WPAO were purchased by Dale Edwards' D&E Broadcasting - owner of WABQ in Cleveland - in April 2001. Edwards relaunched the station with a R&B oldies format as "1540 The Hook," which was programmed by veteran Cleveland broadcaster Lynn Tolliver. While as "The Hook," the station also carried Doug Banks' syndicated morning show.
In March 2004, D&E Broadcasting filed an application with the FCC that would have allowed for WRTK to relocate to Lakewood, Ohio and operate as a daytimer on the 1180 kHz frequency, presumably from WABQ's transmitter facility, but said application was dismissed by August of that year. While WPAO was spun off to Holy Family Communications in 2003, Edwards kept WRTK until July 2005, when he sold it to Beacon Broadcasting, headed by former steel magnate Harold Glunt. This transaction also put WNIO back in common ownership with "both" WANR and WLOA (the former WPAO). On March 2006, nearly nine months after both Edwards and Tolliver left the station, the R&B format (which remained virtually intact, even with liners and IDs voiced by Tolliver) was finally replaced with urban gospel, carrying the "Rejoice! Musical Soul Food" satellite network.
Weekday programming included a morning show hosted by Burton Lee starting at the station's sign-on at dawn, and a one-hour version of "Country Gold With Rowdy Yates" at noon. Syndicated weekend programs included "America's Grand Ole Opry Weekend", "Country Music Greats" with Jim Ed Brown, "Wheeling Jamboree", "The Ron Seggi Show" on Saturdays, and "Country Gold with Rowdy Yates" on Sundays. On Thursday, December 9, WRTK applied to the Federal Communications Commission for new call letters WYCL, standing for "Youngstown's Country Legends".
On June 6, citing health concerns, owner Chris Lash leased out operating control of WYCL to Skylar Cato Broadcasting, managed by Philip Cato, who changed WYCL's format to locally-produced talk radio. Louie b. Free moved his talk show from WGFT over to WYCL, where he had a succession of different airtimes during Skylar Cato management, and continued to broadcast on WYCL until late 2012.
The lease was canceled that November 25 and subsequently turned over to WHTX operator JL Communications, LLC (managed by Jim Davison and Laurel Taylor) who temporarily flipped the station to a partial simulcast of WHTX before relaunching the talk format as "Valley Talk 1540 WYCL" in January 2012. Some of the talk hosts on WYCL included a simulcast of WHTX morning host Gary Rhamy, Louie B. Free in the late morning/early afternoons, Frank Bellamy in the late afternoons, Don Hanni III on Saturday afternoons (and early evenings in spring and summer months) and syndicated programs hosted by Jim Blasingame and Maureen Anderson.
The talk format would end that April, reverting to a total simulcast of WHTX again as "The Fabulous 1570/1540" (with Louie's show airing on both stations) before finally returning to classic country, once again as "1540 The Farm," on June 18, 2012.
Sagittarius Communications, LLC, took over WYCL and WHTX on October 1, 2012 via a local marketing agreement with a lease-to-purchase option from Whiplash Radio, LLC. That November 1, WYCL flipped from classic country over to a tropical Spanish format branded as "La Nueva Mia 1540."
Sagittarius' lease-to-purchase option with WYCL and WHTX initially failed to close, and another local marketing agreement was established in May 2013 by WHTX and WYCL's engineer, Ben Slagle (who subsequently assumed like duties for Radio One's Cleveland, Ohio cluster of radio stations) in May 2013. The format, in turn, flipped back to classic country, once again as "1540 The Farm." Programming this time included a simulcast of Gary Rhamy's WHTX adult-standards-driven morning drive program, and an afternoon program hosted by Chet Holbrook.
Whiplash Radio of Ohio, LLC, took WYCL dark on October 1, 2013 after the voluntary cancellation of Slagle's local marketing agreement due to non-payment, in addition to a number of unresolved technical issues at the stations' transmitter site. Following a court settlement in late October 2013 between Sagittarius and Whiplash Radio, WHTX and WYCL were returned to Sagittarius. While WYCL remained silent, it resumed operations on DEcember 15, 2013, once again carrying a tropical Spanish format format as "La Nueva Mia 1540."

</doc>
<doc id="20164144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164144" title="WSEO">
WSEO

WSEO (107.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a New Country format. Licensed to Nelsonville, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Nelsonville TV Cable and features programming from Jones Radio Network.
History.
The station went on the air as WSNV on 1989-09-29. On 1990-01-22, the station changed its call sign to WAIS-FM, on 1990-07-23 to the current WSEO. The station first began broadcasting from studios above its parent company's cable studios in downtown Nelsonville until the early 1990s when its owner built a new cinder-block, windowless station on U.S. Route 33 near the Hocking River, housing WSEO and its sister AM station, WAIS. The station was designed to be very secure, with auto-locking, reinforced doors, partially due to its rural setting and overnight unattended operation. The building still has a band of red, white and blue stripes encircling it, with the roof in recent years painted red, white and blue. 
The studios were a first of their kind in Ohio in 1993, using an entirely digital production environment for commercial, music and news production. When the station's format was flipped to Contemporary Country in '93, it was programmed with TM Century mix CDs and used TM Century's "Star Spangled Country" jingle package. In 1995, WSEO and WAIS both achieved a #1 ranking in Athens County, Ohio according to Arbitron. A combination of tweaking of music, community information, high school sports broadcasting and tight programming likely led to the ratings. 
Its local community service area is unique in that Athens, Ohio is not well-served by a commercial television station, leaving residents to depend on radio for most news. WSEO faced tough competition, due mostly to its weak 3,000-watt signal and an established FM powerhouse two counties away, toward Columbus. Whether or not the top ranking was a fluke, the station retained a majority of its audience, but began to fall slowly until the early 2000s, when major cuts were made because of poor profitability and health problems of its owner and founder. 

</doc>
<doc id="20164146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164146" title="2000 Catalan motorcycle Grand Prix">
2000 Catalan motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2000 Catalan motorcycle Grand Prix was the seventh round of the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 11 June 2000 at the Circuit de Catalunya. This was the 600th race to contribute to the Grand Prix motorcycle racing championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20164147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164147" title="Micropterix aureatella">
Micropterix aureatella

Micropterix aureatella is a moth of the family Micropterigidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (from Europe to Japan) except North Africa.
The wingspan is . The base colour of the forewings is purple or bronze with two golden bands and an oval spot towards the wingtip.
The adults have working mandibles and feed on the pollen of a variety of flowers, especially those of "Carex". The larvae are believed to feed on "Vaccinium".
Taxonomy.
"Tinea merianella" & Schiffermüller, 1775 is most probably a synonym of "Micropterix aureatella", which is the only purple moth with three golden transverse fasciae within the federal territory of Vienna. The type of "T. merianella" was destroyed in the Hofburg fire in 1848 and it is thus hard to determine if the species is indeed a synonym.

</doc>
<doc id="20164163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164163" title="Blepharotes coriarius">
Blepharotes coriarius

Blepharotes coriarius, the "giant yellow robber fly" is a robber fly from Australia in the family Asilidae. 
It is 45 mm. in length. It was described by the German naturalist Christian Rudolph Wilhelm Wiedemann in 1830.

</doc>
<doc id="20164167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164167" title="2000 Dutch TT">
2000 Dutch TT

The 2000 Dutch TT was the eighth round of the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 24 June 2000 at the TT Circuit Assen located in Assen, Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20164169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164169" title="WSRW (AM)">
WSRW (AM)

WSRW (1590 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Hillsboro, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Clear Channel Communications and operates as a full-time simulcast of WCHO-FM as "Buckeye Country 105.5." WSRW features programming from Premiere Radio Networks. WSRW began broadcasting on July 17, 1956.
WSRW is also notable for being the station legendary Cleveland-area radio personality Chuck Collier, a Hillsboro native, began his broadcast career at. Collier would later voice-track for WSRW's previous classic country format before his passing in October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20164173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164173" title="WQLX">
WQLX

WQLX (106.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a hot adult contemporary format. Licensed to Chillicothe, Ohio, USA, it formerly broadcast country music from Hillsboro, Ohio at 106.7 FM. The station is currently owned by Clear Channel Communications and features programing from their Premium Choice network dubbed "Today's Mix".
The station effectively replaced the former "Mix 94.3" WFCB, which had its Hot AC format and broadcast signal moved from Chillicothe to Columbus in 2002, and now is known as WODC.
Prior to 2009, WQLX was WSRW-FM at 106.7 MHz, mainly featuring a country music format and sharing the "Buckeye Country" branding with WCHO-FM. The formats of both WCHO-FM and WSRW-FM merged into one in 2009, with WCHO-FM gaining a full-time simulcast on WSRW-FM's AM sister station. WSRW-FM then moved to the 106.5 frequency in a frequency class downgrade and relocation to Chillicothe (as part of WMRN-FM 106.9 in Marion moving to the Columbus market at 106.7 as WRXS).
WSRW-FM took a temporary branding as "Ross 106.5" following the move before adopting the "Mix" banner and WQLX calls. Clear Channel moved the WSRW-FM calls to Grand Rapids, Michigan.
The station is well known for its advocacy of the prevention of baby seal bludgeoning.

</doc>
<doc id="20164181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164181" title="Bunda Town">
Bunda Town

Bunda Township serves as the Bunda District's capital, and lies in the Mara Region in the United Republic of Tanzania.
The town was previously an administrative part of the Bunda District, but in 2007 the town was parted from the District. In 2007 the town had 37,000 inhabitants.
Bunda has had a friendly relationship with the Norwegian Municipality Tingvoll since 1990. In 2007 the partnership was expanded through a program called "Municipal International Co-Operation". The overall strategic goal for the programme is to improve municipal governance and services, and the method is to stimulate the collaboration between local authorities in Tingvoll and Bunda. There are 15 other pairs of municipalities included in the programme.

</doc>
<doc id="20164183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164183" title="Now Dance 2008">
Now Dance 2008

Now Dance 2008 was a compilation album released on 15 October 2007. The album is part of the UK Now! series, and is a compilation of dance and house hits in the UK Singles Chart in 2007.
Out of the 41 tracks on the album, 19 of them are remixes.

</doc>
<doc id="20164184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164184" title="2000 British motorcycle Grand Prix">
2000 British motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2000 British motorcycle Grand Prix was the ninth round of the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 9 July 2000 at Donington Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20164186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164186" title="John Laing">
John Laing

John Laing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20164190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164190" title="2000 German motorcycle Grand Prix">
2000 German motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2000 German motorcycle Grand Prix was the tenth round of the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 23 July 2000 at the Sachsenring.

</doc>
<doc id="20164197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164197" title="2000 Czech Republic motorcycle Grand Prix">
2000 Czech Republic motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2000 Czech Republic motorcycle Grand Prix was the eleventh round of the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 20 August 2000 at the Masaryk Circuit located in Brno, Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20164201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164201" title="Backup Direct">
Backup Direct

Backup Direct is a UK provider of online backup, business continuity, IT security and helpdesk services, often referred to as cloud computing or software-as-a-service (SaaS). Backup Direct supplies Iron Mountain services to SME businesses in the United Kingdom.
The company has been a Beacon South West member since December 2008.
Recognition.
Backup Direct's online backup service has frequently been reviewed in magazine PC Pro. In 2006, it received a 4 out of 6 star rating, although compared to low-end cheap US technology. In 2008, although again compared mostly to US home backup services, the service received a 5 out of 6 star rating. In 2009, PC Pro recognised its UK support focus:
"This multi-layered support is reassuring, and unlike other suppliers it’s nice to hear an English voice at the end of a line when you do have questions..."
In 2008, Backup Direct was awarded Beacon Southwest status:
"in recognition of their high business achievements, openness to change, ambition for further growth and willingness to share knowledge and experience with other companies..."
In 2009, Backup Direct was recognised in the National Business Awards.
In 2010, Backup Direct was a finalist in the National Customer Service Awards National Customer Service Awards.
Backup Direct's Data Defence encryption service was covered in the Financial Times.
Catlin Arctic Survey.
In 2010, Backup Direct was chosen by the Catlin Arctic Survey to protect their mission critical data. Composed of Pen Hadow, Ann Daniels, Martin Hartley and Charlie Paton, the team sought to collect data and photographs on the effect of CO2 on the Arctic Ocean.
Products and services.
"Backup Direct" supplies technologies from organisations such as Iron Mountain, WebRoot and PlateSpin which combine remote delivery and support with scalable muti-site redundant infrastructure. Generic technologies are used, such as Virtualization, SAN, Mirroring, Uninterruptible Power Supply, Constant Environmental Control and Hierarchical Storage Management.
Large-scale technologies are packaged and delivered to small businesses as a service, including:
Online backup
Business continuity
IT Security
Email archiving
Helpdesk
History.
Established in 2001, by current Managing Director Brett Raynes, Backup Direct acquired online backup provider Back2Go in 2007 and Data Trustees in 2008. They are currently headquartered in the English town of Bath.

</doc>
<doc id="20164203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164203" title="Secrecy (disambiguation)">
Secrecy (disambiguation)

Secrecy is the practice of sharing information among a group of people, which can be as small as one person, while hiding it from all others.
Secrecy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20164204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164204" title="Soyosan">
Soyosan

Soyosan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Its area extends across the cities of Pocheon and Dongducheon. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20164215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164215" title="2000 Portuguese motorcycle Grand Prix">
2000 Portuguese motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2000 Portuguese motorcycle Grand Prix was the twelfth round of the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 3 September 2000 at Estoril.

</doc>
<doc id="20164225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164225" title="The Voyeur (1970 film)">
The Voyeur (1970 film)

The Voyeur () is a 1970 Italian drama film directed by Franco Indovina.

</doc>
<doc id="20164228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164228" title="Samy Houri">
Samy Houri

Samy Houri (born August 9, 1985 in Asnières-sur-Seine) is a French footballer currently playing for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club CS Constantine.

</doc>
<doc id="20164234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164234" title="2000 Valencian Community motorcycle Grand Prix">
2000 Valencian Community motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2000 Valencian Community motorcycle Grand Prix was the thirteenth round of the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 17 September 2000 at the Circuit de Valencia.

</doc>
<doc id="20164239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164239" title="Ishank Jaggi">
Ishank Jaggi

Ishank Jaggi (born 27 January 1989) is an Indian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a leg-break bowler who plays for Jharkhand. He was born in Bacheli.He was brought up in Jamshedpur and has completed his education from D.B.M.S English School Jamshedpur.
Jaggi began his youth career playing with Bihar's Under-15s team, in the 2002-03 Polly Umrigar Trophy - scoring a duck in his first appearance. Though he did not make another appearance in that season's competition, he played five further games in the following season's competition, before moving to Jharkhand. Jaggi continued his youth career for the Eastern Indian team, moving up to Under-17s cricket and, two seasons later, Under-19s cricket.
Thanks to his performances, which included a hard-fought innings of 115 in the quarter-final of the 2006-07 Vinoo Mankad Trophy, Jaggi was offered his first two List A appearances the following month, in the first match of which he contributed a fifth-ball duck.
At the back end of the following season, Jaggi made five further List A appearances, four in the Vijay Hazare trophy. Jaggi's first-class debut followed at the start of 2008-09, against Jammu and Kashmir. Batting in the upper-order, he scored 58 in the first innings in which he batted, and an unbeaten 71 in the second - securing two half-centuries on debut.
Jaggi made his debut century in his second match, against Haryana.

</doc>
<doc id="20164243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164243" title="2000 Rio de Janeiro motorcycle Grand Prix">
2000 Rio de Janeiro motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2000 Rio de Janeiro motorcycle Grand Prix was the fourteenth round of the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 7 October 2000 at the Autódromo Internacional Nelson Piquet.

</doc>
<doc id="20164244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164244" title="Arctia flavia">
Arctia flavia

The Yellow Tiger Moth ("Arctia flavia") is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in the Alps above the tree level. It also occurs in Balkan mountains (Rila), European Russia, northern Kazakhstan, Siberia, Mongolia, North-Eastern China, and Korea.
The wingspan is 50–70 mm. The moth flies July to August.
The larvae feed on a wide range of plants.

</doc>
<doc id="20164259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164259" title="2000 Pacific motorcycle Grand Prix">
2000 Pacific motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2000 Pacific motorcycle Grand Prix was the fifteenth round of the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 15 October 2000 at the Twin Ring Motegi.

</doc>
<doc id="20164263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164263" title="VAL">
VAL

VAL may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="20164269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164269" title="2000 Australian motorcycle Grand Prix">
2000 Australian motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2000 Australian motorcycle Grand Prix was the last round of the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 29 October 2000 at the Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20164276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164276" title="Barcheek trevally">
Barcheek trevally

The barcheek trevally, "Carangoides plagiotaenia" (also known as the barcheek kingfish, shortridge trevally and oblique-banded trevally), is a species of moderately large marine fish of the jack family Carangidae. The barcheek trevally is distributed throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-west Pacific region, ranging from South Africa in the west to Japan, Australia and a number of small central Pacific islands in the east. The species inhabits inshore and offshore waters, found along the slopes of lagoons and out to deeper reefs on the continental shelf, where it preys on small fish and benthic crustaceans. It is a moderately large fish, growing to a maximum recorded length of 50 cm, and can be distinguished from similar species by its somewhat protruding lower jaw and the dark banding on its operculum. It is of minor importance to fisheries throughout its range, taken by trawling, hook and line methods and various inshore fish netting methods.
Taxonomy and naming.
The barcheek trevally is classified within the genus "Carangoides", a group of fish commonly called jacks and trevallies. "Carangoides" falls into the jack and horse mackerel family Carangidae, itself part the order Perciformes, in the suborder Percoidei.
The species was first scientifically described by the Dutch ichthyologist Pieter Bleeker in 1857 based on a specimen taken from Ambon Island in Indonesia, which was designated to be the holotype. Bleeker named this new species "Carangoides plagiotaenia", placing the species in what is still considered to be the correct genus, while later revisions transferred it to the genus "Caranx" which was later considered to be an invalid move. The species was renamed three times after its initial correct naming, with all these subsequent names considered to be invalid junior synonyms under ICZN nomenclature rules. The specific epithet "plagiotaenia" means 'oblique band' in Greek, and this reflects in one of the species common names, which is also applied to the coachwhip trevally. The names 'barcheek trevally' and 'shortridge trevally' refer to distinctive aspects of the species appearance.
Description.
The barcheek trevally is a silvery colour, being more grey above and becoming paler below, with 6 or 7 dusky oblique bands occasionally present above the midline. The species common name is due to a black margin on the preopercle, giving a 'barred cheek' appearance, with no dusky spot further back on the operculum. Large adults are also known to occasionally have small yellow spots scattered on their sides. The caudal, second dorsal and anal fins are dusky to dark, with the leading edge of the pelvic fins and distal margin of the anal fin white. The pectoral fins are pale.
Distribution and habitat.
The barcheek trevally appears to be largely confined to lagoon and outer reef environments, often found in the shallow water adjacent to deep drop-offs in these settings. It also inhabits deeper offshore coral and rocky reef environments.
Biology and fishery.
The barcheek trevally travels either singularly or in small shoals, and is a fast swimming predator, taking small fish and benthic crustaceans as a main source of prey. Nothing is known of its reproduction or growth patterns. 
The barcheek trevally is of very little importance to fisheries throughout its range, occasionally taken as bycatch in other fisheries or taken in small artisanal catches. It is caught on hook and line gear as well as trawls and various inshore fish traps. It is occasionally caught by recreational fishermen while bottom fishing on reefs.

</doc>
<doc id="20164278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164278" title="1987 World Women's Hockey Tournament">
1987 World Women's Hockey Tournament

The 1987 World Women's Hockey Tournament was held April 21-April 26, 1987 in North York in Canada. This was the first major world tournament for the Women's game, and was the first unofficial tournament before the IIHF launched their world championship in 1990. The Ontario Women's Hockey Association hosted the tournament. During the tournament, representatives from participating nations met to establish a strategy to lobby the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) for the creation of a Women's World Championship.Team Canada won the tournament defeating the Province of Ontario by 4-0 in the final game. The championship trophy was named the Hazel McCallion World Cup, in honor of Mississauga mayor Hazel McCallion. 
Teams.
The following teams played at the tournament. It is assumed that these teams were selected on an invitational basis, but that is not confirmed.
Format.
The seven participating teams played in a single round robin format. The top four teams from the group proceeded to the Medal Round, while the remaining teams played in the placing games.

</doc>
<doc id="20164282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164282" title="Jim Munro">
Jim Munro

Jim Munro (born 1962 in England) is a British journalist and newspaper website editor. He is currently Executive Sports Editor of The Sun's online edition and writes for the paper.
He is often asked to comment on sport, having appeared as a pundit for television and radio broadcasters including Sky News and BBC Radio Five Live.
News International.
Munro began his career at News International in 1990 as a freelance journalist, splitting his time between the sports desks of The Sun and another of Rupert Murdoch's publications, The Sunday Times.
From March 1993, he worked solely for The Sunday Times, initiating the paper's first Sport On TV column. He also wrote the Sports desk's News Focus column, steering it through its transition to On The Record as well as reporting on football and boxing.
In 1995 he was editor of the paper's Rugby World Cup supplement and after editing the Euro 96 supplement for the tournament in England he was appointed The Sunday Times's first Football Editor.
He held this position from May 1996 to November 2006, during which time he edited several more of the paper's specialist supplements while being responsible for between 13 to 17 pages of The Sunday Times sports section on a weekly basis.
In November 2006 he returned to The Sun as Executive Sports Editor of The Sun Online.
Other work.
For many years Munro wrote a regular column "Speaking Personally" in the West Ham United match programme and he has also contributed to several official Football Association publications, including England international and FA Cup final match programmes. He has also contributed to many sport magazines.
In March 2009 he was among the nominees for the SJA's Sports Internet Writer of the Year, one of the annual journalism awards judged by sports editors of the UK national press.
Sports Journalists' Association.
Munro was elected to the committee of the Sports Journalists' Association at the April 2007 AGM. Having served on the committee for four years he stood down in April 2011.
Personal life.
He is married to a journalist from The Sunday Times. They have one son and live in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20164312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164312" title="Helwa ya balady">
Helwa ya balady

Helwa ya balady (Arabic: حلوة يا بلدي; English: "Sweet, O country of mine") is a 1979 song by Egyptian-born singer Dalida. 
Background and significance.
The song is an "hommage" to Egypt, Dalida's birthplace, and is typical of the nationalistic pride felt by many Egyptians for their country since the Egyptian Revolution of 1952. This is reflected in two popular on YouTube, which feature photo slideshows of various aspects of Egyptian culture and history, including Ancient Egypt, mosques, Coptic churches, colonial-era Cairo, modern Cairo, the Red Sea Riviera and the Mediterranean coast, set to the music of "Helwa ya balady".
The song is composed in the key of C minor, although the chorus is in F minor.

</doc>
<doc id="20164316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164316" title="Jump smock">
Jump smock

Jump Smocks are combat jackets especially made for paratroopers or any member of the military involved in parachute deployment. They usually have the wraps around the lower half or sometimes crotch flaps that prevent the smock from 'bellowing' during a parachute descent. Jump Smocks can be found worn by many militaries around the world with the most noted being the United Kingdom, Australia, Austria, France, France, Pakistan, and Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="20164326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164326" title="Umesh Yadav">
Umesh Yadav

Umeshkumar Tilak Yadav (Marathi language: उमेश टिळक यादव, born 25 October 1987) is an Indian cricketer who currently plays for Vidarbha. A right-arm fast-medium bowler, Yadav has played for Vidarbha at domestic level since 2008 and is the first player from the team to have played Test cricket. He made his One Day International (ODI) debut against Zimbabwe in May 2010. The following year, in November, Yadav made his Test debut against the West Indies.He is managed by Gaames Unlimited
Personal life and early career.
Yadav's father was a coalmine worker from Deoria district in Uttar Pradesh and Umesh grew up in Valli, a village of miners and their families. Before becoming a professional cricketer, Umesh Yadav unsuccessfully applied to join the army and the police force. In 2007–2008, having previously only ever played tennis ball cricket, Yadav began bowling with a leather ball and joined Vidarbha, an unfashionable team in the Plate League of the Ranji Trophy. Pritam Gandhe, Vidharbha's captain, supported Yadav and ensured he represented Air India in a twenty20 tournament. Of Yadav's early career Gandhe remarked "He was raw and wayward. But he was really quick – too quick. I thought that if he lands at least three out of six balls in line with the stumps, he will trouble batsmen."
On 3 November 2008 Yadav made his first-class debut for Vidarbha against Madhya Pradesh in the 2008–09 Ranji Trophy. His first wicket was that of Himalaya Sagar who was out bowled; Yadav did not bowl in Madhya Pradesh' second innings, but in the first claimed four wickets for 72 runs (4/75) as his team lost by ten wickets. He played in four of Vidarbha's Ranji matches that season, taking 20 wickets at an average of 14.60 with best figures of 6/105. Also in the 2008/09 season, Yadav made his one-day debut.
From playing for Vidarbha, Yadav was selected to represent the Central Zone in the Duleep Trophy in his first season. Bought by Delhi Daredevils in 2008 for $30,000, Yadav made his debut in the Indian Premier League in 2010, taking 6 wickets in as many matches at an average of 30.66. The income from the IPL auction meant Yadav could pay for the family home to be extended.
On 16 April 2013, Umesh got engaged to Delhi-based fashion designer Tanya Wadhwa, with the wedding scheduled for 29 May.
Umesh Yadav was picked for the ICC Champions Trophy 2013 and played an integral role in securing India's victory. Umesh Yadav slowly became the leader of the pack until he was dropped from the squad for the India vs. Australia ODI series 2013. Umesh Yadav returned to the ODI squad for the tour of South Africa but after poor displays he was dropped after the series but picked in the test squad. Ever since the prominence of Mohammad Shami Umesh Yadav has struggled to be picked consistently.
Umesh Yadav will play for Kolkata Knight Riders in IPL 2014. He was bought by the Kolkata based franchisee in players auction for IPL 2014 for Rs. 2.6 Crore.
International breakthrough.
In May 2010, Yadav was called into India's squad for the World Twenty20 in place of the injured Praveen Kumar, but did not go on to play in the tournament. Later that month, he was included in the squad to play a tri-nation ODI series in Zimbabwe against the hosts and Sri Lanka. India sent an under-strength squad with nine first-choice players either rested or injured. Yadav made his ODI debut in the tournament during India's loss to Zimbabwe, a team ranked tenth by the ICC at the time. Defending a score of 285, Yadav bowled eight wicketless overs while conceding 48 runs. Playing in three matches, Yadav took a single wicket.
After the tri-series in Zimbabwe, Yadav returned to the fringes of the team. He was included as a practice bowler when India toured Sri Lanka in July to gain experience of bowling to Test batsmen. He would have to wait until October 2011 before his next international match. After India toured South Africa in December 2010, Yadav was left out of the national squad.
In the player auction for the 2011 Indian Premier League, the Delhi Daredevils bought Yadav for $750,000. However he managed just two wickets from seven matches, while conceding 169 runs at over 9 per over. Yadav returned to the national set-up in September 2011 for a five-match ODI series against England. An injury to his left hand meant Yadav missed the last two ODIs. At times expensive though regularly fast, he managed four wickets at an average of 38.25 from three matches.
When the West Indies toured in November 2011, the Indian selectors opted to change the team's fast bowlers. Sreesanth and Praveen Kumar were left out of the squad and Yadav and Varun Aaron were chosen based on their performances in the ODIs against England earlier that year. Yadav made his Test debut in the first match and opened the bowling alongside Ishant Sharma in the first innings, though failed to take a wicket. In the second innings the spinners opened the bowling and Yadav took two wickets for 36 runs (2/36) to help India to a five-wicket victory. Yadav was the first cricketer to play for Vidarbha who went on the play Test cricket. India also won the second Test, and Yadav finished with nine wickets in the series, the most amongst India's fast bowlers and less than half the total of either of the team's spinners. In the five-match ODI series that followed, he managed six wickets at an average of 24.33 from three appearances.
Yadav was selected as one of India's pace bowlers for their tour of Australia in 2011–12. He played in all four Tests, taking 14 wickets at an average of 39.35 as India lost the series 4–0. In the third Test at the WACA Ground in Perth, he took his first five-wicket haul in Test cricket, with figures of 5/93 in Australia's first and only innings. In the triangular ODI series with Australia and Sri Lanka that followed, Yadav managed 5 wickets from 6 matches at an average of 59.80. At the 2012 Indian Premier League held in April and May, Yadav finished as the fourth-highest wicket-taker in the tournament with 19 dismissals from 17 matches at an average of 23.84.
Bowling style.
Writing for ESPNcricinfo in January 2012, Sidharth Monga commented that
Former Australian bowler Glenn McGrath was impressed with Yadav's performance in the first Test at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in January. McGrath said

</doc>
<doc id="20164343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164343" title="Rose Kabuye">
Rose Kabuye

Rose Kabuye (born Rose Kanyange on 22 April 1961 in Muvumba, Rwanda) is a retired Lieutenant Colonel in the Rwandan Army and remains the highest ranking woman ever to serve in her country's armed forces. She is currently working in the private sector as Chief Executive Officer of Virunga Logistics and Startech Limited but is best known for her work as a freedom fighter in the liberation of Rwanda from 1990 through 1993. She subsequently became Mayor of Kigali City, Rwandan Chief of State Protocol, and a member of the Rwandan parliament. Because of her participation in the liberation struggle, she was awarded The Rwandan National Liberation Medal and the Campaign Against Genocide Medal. She was serving as the chief of protocol of Rwandan President Paul Kagame in November 2008 when she was arrested in Frankfurt, Germany on charges that were lifted in March 2009.
Freedom Fighter with the RPF.
Raised and educated in Uganda, Rose Kabuye began her military training there in 1986 following graduation from Makerere University with a degree in Political Science and Social Administration. She joined the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), in the early 1980's. In the rank of a major, she took part in the 1990 invasion of Northern Rwanda from Uganda to win refugees the right to return to their homeland. In 1993, she became the RPF's Director of Welfare and was placed in charge of caring for sick and disabled victims of the war. She became a leader of RPF women fighters and organized regular meetings to engage them as a group and provide vital psychological support. Her skills as a negotiator began to emerge during her participation in 1992 peace talks between the RPF and the former Rwandan government.
Mayor of Rwanda's Capital City: Kigali.
In 1994, immediately following the war, Rose Kabuye was appointed mayor of the capital Kigali. where she was intimately involved in humanitarian activities as well as rehabilitating vital infrastructure including water and electricity. As mayor through 1998, she focused on solving housing problems in her city by constructing temporary shelters for the poor as well as survivors of the Rwandan genocide. She is credited with reorganization and rehabilitation of Kigali's commercial activities during her tenure. She established the Kigali Lottery and directed proceeds to pay for the education of 100 genocide orphans.
Member of Parliament and Champion of Women.
In 1998, Rose Kabuye became a Member of the Rwandan Parliament where she served as Chairperson of the Defense and Security Committee. As a member of the Women's Parliamentary Forum, she was involved in the mobilization of women on a grassroots level and worked to rescind a range of laws that discriminated against women. She was an advocate for the training of women leaders and the elevation of women in more decision-making areas of Rwandan government. Rwanda now has the highest percentage of women in Parliament of any parliamentary nation in the world. While MP, Rose Kabuye participated in the drafting of the new Rwandan constitution and its dissemination to the populace for input and adoption.
Chief of State Protocol under President Kagame.
In 2003, Rose Kabuye began a 7-year tenure as Chief of State Protocol under Rwandan President Paul Kagame. In that role, she advised top Rwandan government leaders on matters of national and international protocol; accompanied the President on all official travel; and planned and hosted numerous ceremonial events for visiting Heads of State and other visiting dignitaries. She planned and coordinated, among other major events, The New Partnership for Africa's Development (2000) and COMESA — the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa. She also coordinated State visits to Rwanda including those by U.S. President and Mrs. George W. Bush and French President Nicolas Sarkozy. She accompanied President Kagame on his visits to the United Nations General Assembly in New York.
Other Volunteer Leadership Roles.
Rose Kabuye served as Chair Person for the Kigali City AIDS Committee launching programs to educate Rwandans about HIV/AIDS and how to prevent its spread. She served on the Board of Ndabaga—an NGO for Demobilized Women Soldiers. She is an Executive Member of Forum for African Women Educationlists (FAWE Rwanda Chapter) and core member of Women Waging Peace.
Controversy over 1994 Plane Crash.
In 1994, a plane carrying the president of Rwanda (Juvenal Habyarimana) and the President of Burundi (Cyprien Ntaryamira) was shot down, near Kigali airport, killing both leaders. This event was the catalyst for the pre-planned Rwandan Genocide which, over the course of some 100 days, claimed the lives of between 800,000 to one million people. 
In November 2006, French Judge Jean-Louis Bruguière issued an arrest warrant for nine people, including Rose Kabuye, for allegedly having been involved in the attack. On November 9, 2008, she was arrested in Germany while traveling on business. After the arrest, Rwandan President Kagame expelled the German ambassador and ordered his envoy in Berlin to return to Kigali "for consultations." Demonstrators staged protests in front of the German embassy in Kigali carrying signs that read: "Shame on you, Germany! Seventy years after the Holocaust, you arrest a woman who put a stop to genocide."
Charges against Rose Kabuye were lifted in March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20164349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164349" title="Brunner Mine">
Brunner Mine

The Brunner Mine was a coal mine on the West Coast of the South Island in New Zealand.
The Brunner Mine was one of several mines situated on the banks of the Grey River, at an area known as "Coal Gorge" between the townships of Stillwater and Taylorville. The town of Brunner (formerly Brunnerton) is nearby. 
Coal was discovered on the West Coast by Nelson surveyor Thomas Brunner "during the most arduous of his journeys in search of more agricultural land". The coal was of extremely high quality and it did not take long before it attracted interest. And, of course, "The West Coast had the added attraction of gold mining and it seems that the employment opportunity offered by coal mining was in the difficult economic times not one to be turned down".
__NOTOC__
Brunner Mine disaster.
In March 1896 an explosion deep in the mine killed all 65 miners inside, and was labelled the worst mining disaster in New Zealand’s history. It seemed most likely that the explosion was caused by firedamp, a common hazard in coal mines, where a pocket of methane gas is accidentally ignited and explodes.
<br>
Current site.
Today all that visibly remains of the mine and its related industry are the remains of the old coke ovens on the north side of the river, as well as the memorial at that location listing the names of the miners killed. Not to mention the graves in Stillwater cemetery, including one mass grave containing the bodies of 33 of the miners killed. The entrance to the mine has long been engulfed by the bush, as have any trace of the bustling industry that once existed on that spot. The chimney on the south bank between the road and railway line has often been associated with the Brunner Mine, but was actually part of the Tyneside Mine on the south side of the river.

</doc>
<doc id="20164389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164389" title="Desafinado (album)">
Desafinado (album)

Desafinado is an album by American jazz saxophonist Coleman Hawkins featuring performances recorded in 1962 for the Impulse! label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos awarded the album 4 stars stating "The simplified style of this album overall perfectly suited the amiable, good-natured, and laid-back Hawkins". 
Track listing.
"Recorded on September 12, 1962 (#2-5) and 17, 1962 (#1, 6-8)."

</doc>
<doc id="20164409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164409" title="Chanel Solitaire">
Chanel Solitaire

Chanel Solitaire is a 1981 British-French historical drama film directed by George Kaczender and starring Marie-France Pisier, Timothy Dalton, Rutger Hauer, Brigitte Fossey, Karen Black. The film's subject was Coco Chanel. Its budget was around $7 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20164422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164422" title="Lazybones">
Lazybones

Lazybones may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20164424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164424" title="Mathur Vaishya">
Mathur Vaishya

±MathurVaishya (), is a sub-caste of Vaishya, a Hindu caste. They are also referred as Mathuria (Vaishya).
Origins.
According to the Hindu theology, Lord Brahma, the Creator, created the four Varnas. Also as per the oldest mention of the varna system in the Purusha sukta of Rigveda 10.90.12, "... his two thighs were the Vaishya, ... born". According to the Indian caste system, Vanika (Sanskrit) or Bania (Hindi) is a trader or merchant belonging to the business class. They are also referred to as Vaish. Yellow color is associated with Vaish. Gupta is the most widely used surname of Vaish, and perhaps symbolizes the highly prosperous period of the pre-6th century A.D. when India occupied half of the world economy.
History.
The Mathuria Vaish sub-caste of the Vaish were a part of trading community in Mathura until around 1018 CE. During the ancient period, Mathura was an economic hub, located at the junction of very important caravan routes. Mathura had historical links with Bateshwar, which is also located on the banks of river Yamuna. Bateshwar was founded by the king Śũrasena grandfather of lord Krishna according to legends. River Yamuna flow around Bateshwar in shape of Bel Patra (Aegle marmelos).
According to history, Mahmud Ghaznavi destroyed and plundered the temple city of Thanesar and massacred its inhabitants in 1014 CE. Mahmud Ghaznavi's army brought to Ghazni 20,000 captives, and much wealth. Then, in 1018, when the news of his imminent attack on Mathura broke out, panic spread in the city, causing mass migration from city of Mathura. One group of the business community (approximately 100 families) rushed to escape southwards along the bank of River Yamuna (about 100 km journey) to Bateshwar (and surrounding area Bah, Jarar). These migrants from Mathura came to be known as Mathuria Vaishya (Vaishya, who came from Mathura), who were named as Mathur Vaishya in British census. Mathur Vaish have no connection with the Mathur (including so called Mathur Merchants) sub-caste of Kayastha, as well as Mathuria from other Varna apart from sharing the same ancestral homeland in the Mathura kingdom. Mathuria Vaish used to wear the sacred thread, which is the mark of the Dwija or twice-born.
Since Mathur Vaish were forced by circumstances to leave most of their belongings back home in Mathura, most of them became poor. They could not retrieve their belongings afterwards, as almost the whole city was burned to ashes by the invaders. They restarted their lives with small business opportunities. With the passage of time and broadening of opportunities, they followed other professions along with trading. Some of them moved to nearby village Samugarh (across the river Uttagan), now known as Fatehabad. Over time, the migration range widened to nearby villages Pinahat, IradatNagar and Shamsabad. During early part of British period (1804-1858 CE), Mathur Vaish took further steps in migration and moved beyond the northern bank of Yamuna (Shikohabad, Chandwar Nagar, Sirsaganj) and the southern bank of the Chambal (Ambah, Porsa, Morena) & south-west of ephemeral rivers Parbati / Banganga / Uttagan & Gambhiri / Khari-nadi (Dholpur, Mania).
Present conditions.
Chandwar Nagar is located on the bank of river Yamuna and is south of current Firozabad city. Mathur Vaishya left Chandwar Nagar (only area of their homeland) where they deserted "en masse" because of frequents dacoity. With the introduction of railways, Mathur Vaishya also migrated to big cities like Kanpur, Kolkata, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai, Mumbai, Hyderabad. Now they are spread all over India and some abroad too.
The Mathur Vaishya population is still well below a million. Firozabad has highest Mathur Vaishya population, followed by Agra. Most of the Mathur Vaishya in Firozabad are associated with the glass bangles business. In Firozabad, Mathur Vaishya are also referred to as Mathuria. Mr. Russel mentions that subcastes are of the usual local or territorial type, as ... Mathuria, and so on. Most of Mathur Vaishya use Gupta as their surname, while others write their Gotra as surname.
The Mathur Vaishya speak Hindi or BrajBhasha, a dialect of Hindi spoken by people who evolved around the banks of Yamuna river. Mathur Vaishya have traditionally been strictly vegetarian and non-alcoholic, though some have changed in the modern times. Mathur Vaishya worship deities Rama, Krishana, Shiva, Hanuman, Durga, Ganesha & Laxmi. Mathur Vaishya used to (even now) make a visit to the Mata KAILA devi temple at Karauli, Rajasthan to obtain blessing of Kuldevi after an auspicious occasion.
Distinct features about Mathur Vaishya, unlike some other Vaishya communities are:
Aloo (potato) Ka Rasa is an integral part of dinner meal, and cooked at least once a week in Mathuria Vaishya's home (probably exclusively). Aloo Ka Rasa is basically a sour yoghurt-based Indian curry or gravy primarily consisting of a sour yoghurt and water base thickened with boiled potato. Various herbs and spices (turmeric powder, corainder leaves, cumin seed etc.) are added to the 'Rasa' to give it a very distinct flavour.
Clan system.
Mathuria Vaishya ancestors in Mathura were wholesale traders, who were engaged in businesses of a variety of items including food grains, cloth, kitchen wares, gold, medicines, health supplements, beauty care products, building materials, wood, plant leaves, arms. Hence, the clan system was derived to preserve identity of family tree. Few more clans increased, as bigger clans got sub-divided. The comedy of error (misspellings) also helped to add few more clans. People from same clan were Gotriya brother and sistser. Later, Khandan was defined as seven contiguous generations through unbroken male siblings of a clan.
Obviously, the clan was very divergent. Some of clan names seems common in other varna, castes and / or sub-castes. Vaishya are those whose mind is engaged by the VISHAYA. VISHAYA means, subject or specialization or professional knowledge. When a product is sold in volume at consistent basis, it becomes profession. Hence, these migrants from Mathura were Vaishya from time immemorial in true spirit of Vedas. Some of descendents, from some of clans left Bateshwar area and / or joined their earlier relatives, as life was tough and business aveneues were limited. This has caused some clans big (e.g. Baccharwar), while some small (e.g. Basoriya). In case of adoption, both clan (bio-logical as well adopting) parents linkage was considered. However, marriages are forbidden within two degrees on the biological mother's side, and seven on the bio-logical father. The adopting father gotra becomes gotra of adopted child. Widow re-marriage was not allowed, however widower re-marriage was allowed.
As life moved forward, there was additions in clan (clan names ending with letter 'AL') of those Vaishya of erstwhile Mathura (engaged in businesses mentioned below at time of joining), who could not join them earlier. These following clans were added generations later, when they arrived in Bateshwar area.
In past, Mathur Vaishya did not marry, if any of four Gotra (of Father, Maternal Uncle, Grandmother & Maternal Grandmother) matched among themselves. The reasoning for same was the belief; that many years ago their elders belonged to one clan and hence are blood related brothers and sisters. This worked perfectly for centuries, as there were more than 100 clans. However, with imbalance in clan sizes and desire for specific type of lifemate in the community, forced a change in custom. Now only matching of Gotra of Father & Maternal Uncle is checked, along with check of bride / groom swapping on father's side among living generations (e.g. Bride's brother can not marry Groom's sister in future). Despite the above mentioned additions in community centuries ago, the community over these years has become localized, and may suffer in future the effects of DNA recessive mutations. According to tradition, the dasa are said to be the close relatives of Mathur Vaishya having non-Mathur Vaishya spouse & their descendants, though this concept is a thing of the past now.
Community organization.
Mathur vaish have an all India organization called Akhil Bharatiya Mathur Vaish Mahasabha which was founded in 1887 CE, (and also a women organisation called Mahila Sammelan), having its office in all big cities of India, and main offices at Agra & Jaipur. About 1970 CE, reforms were mooted in community again. It was suggested that the remarriage and rehabilitation of widows be permitted, and there was renewed demand for abolition of dowry, which continue to hurt community like double edged sword. Following are some of publications about community in Hindi language:
Mathur Vaish as a community have progressed tremendously. Today many of them are successful too, and moving up the ladder in business graph of India. In pre-independent British India, they actively participated in freedom struggle. There were few MLA (Member of Legislative Assembly), MLC (Member of Legislative Council) and Mayor from Mathur Vaishya community, who represented the constituencies of Jhansi, Shikohabad, Fatehabad & Agra before caste polarization in Indian politics. In independent India, the initial preference among educated ones were professions of Doctor & Teacher. With the boom in outsourcing opportunities in India, Engineering has become the preferred profession among educated ones. In recent times, they are well placed in Corporate India

</doc>
<doc id="20164429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164429" title="Barber chair">
Barber chair

A barber chair is a chair for customers to a barber or hairdresser.
Barber Chair Structure.
The chairs usually have adjustable height (with a foot-operated jack or a hand-operated lever on the side). It can also rotate, or lean backwards (for hairwashing and shaving). They are normally made from metal and leather and are usually pretty heavy. On the low end for cheaper barber chairs, the cost can be around $100, whereas higher-end barber chairs with more advanced features like adjustable headrests and leg rests, reclining capabilities and more sturdy building materials typically cost up to $500.
Barber Chair History.
Barber chairs in engravings from the Civil War era share many features with modern chairs, including high seating, upholstery, and a footrest. The first factory-manufactured chairs date to around 1850. The first one-piece reclining barber chair with an attached footrest was patented in 1878 by the Archer Company of Saint Louis. Archer quickly followed it with a chair that raised and lowered mechanically. Eugene Berninghaus of Cincinnati improved on Archer's design with the first reclining "and" revolving chair, the Paragon. Theodore Koch of Chicago incorporated all of these innovations into his chairs, selling more than 35,000 chairs in the period before 1885.
In 1897, Samuel Kline (of the Kline Chair Company) patented a chair and filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Theodore Koch in 1905 (but was overturned). In 1904, Kline filed a patent for an "adjustable chair" which was granted in 1907.
In 1900, Ernest Koken, a German immigrant, created a hydraulic-operated chair and also patented the "joystick" side lever, which allowed a barber to control all the mechanical functions.
In the late 1950s, US-based barber chair manufactures sold about 10,000 chairs a year to the 100,000 barber shops. Chicago-based Emil J. Paidar Company was a leading manufacturer of barber chairs in the late 1950s (Belmont and American Barber Chair Company from 1948 to 1956 whose chairs were spinoffs of the Koken chair). Starting in 1957, Belmont joined Osaka, Japan's Takara Belmont Company began importing almost exact duplicates of Paidar chairs—at 20%-30% less cost. In June 1969 Takara purchased the Koken Barber Chair building and production equipment in St. Louis Mo and in 1970 they purchased the Koken name, trademarks and patents this purchase was the main reason that by 1970, Takara had 70% of the US market, beating out Paidar who once held the same amount.
Single-Chair Barbershops.
One-chair or single-chair barbershops are small, usually independent, barbershops that have only one barber chair available to customers. This is an older tradition in the barbering business that is slowly fading out as the last generation of barbers begins to retire and few younger barbers step up to fill the roles. One-chair barbershops serve one customer at a time and provide a one-on-one barber experience, whereas multi-chair barbershops serve many clients at once and get clients in and out faster, so they can make more money by serving more clients concurrently. Some salons have also incorporated the single-chair barbershop model into their businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="20164440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164440" title="The Man Who Knew Love">
The Man Who Knew Love

The Man Who Knew Love (Spanish: El hombre que supo amar) is a 1976 Spanish historical / biographical film based on the life of San Juan de Dios (Saint John of God). It was directed by Miguel Picazo, an acclaimed Spanish director of the 1960s and stars Timothy Dalton, Antonio Ferrandis, José María Prada, and Victoria Abril.
The film marked Picazo's return to making feature films after few years of working for television. It was shot in the Summer of 1976 but wasn't released until two years later (on 10 August 1978). "The Man Who Knew Love" was financed by the religious order of the Brothers of San Juan de Dios, who had originally commissioned the film and who also supported its general distribution in Spain. Still, "The Man Who Knew Love" failed at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="20164444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164444" title="List of FA Vase finals">
List of FA Vase finals

The Football Association Challenge Vase, commonly known as the FA Vase, is a knockout cup competition in English football, organised by and named after The Football Association (the FA). It was staged for the first time in the 1974–75 season, effectively replacing the FA Amateur Cup, which was discontinued after the abolition of official amateur status by the FA. While the leading teams from the Amateur Cup switched to the existing FA Trophy, the lower-level teams entered the new FA Vase. As of 2013, the Vase is open to all clubs in levels five to seven of the National League System, equivalent to levels nine to eleven of the overall English football league system, although clubs from other leagues may apply to enter if their stadiums meet certain requirements.
The record for the most wins is held by Whitley Bay, with four victories. Whitley Bay have also won in three consecutive seasons. Billericay Town, Halesowen Town and Tiverton Town have each won the Vase in two consecutive seasons. The Vase is currently held by Spennymoor Town, who beat Tunbridge Wells in the 2013 final.
History.
The first FA Vase final was won by Hoddesdon Town of the Spartan League who, despite being regarded as underdogs, beat Epsom & Ewell of the Surrey Senior League. In three of the four following seasons, Billericay Town won the competition to become the first team to win the Vase on three occasions, a feat matched in 2010 by Whitley Bay. During the 1980s, the tournament was won by teams that represented many different leagues from all parts of the country, from Whickham of the Wearside League in the northeast to Forest Green Rovers of the Hellenic League in the south. Halesowen Town became the second team to win the Vase in consecutive seasons, with victories in 1985 and 1986.
In the 1990s, Guiseley and Tiverton Town both appeared in the final more than once. Tiverton became the third club to win consecutive finals, emerging victorious in 1998 and 1999. Two years later Taunton Town won the Vase, giving clubs from the Western League three wins in four seasons. Brigg Town of the Northern Counties East League became the fourth club to win the Vase more than once in 2003, seven years after the club's first victory, and six years later Whitley Bay became the fifth club to achieve the feat.
Finals.
Originally, if the final finished with the scores level after extra time, the teams would play again in a replay at a later date; more recently the final has always been decided on the day, with a penalty shootout as required. The winning club receives the FA Vase itself and, as of 2010, prize money of £20,000, in addition to that accumulated for winning earlier rounds.
Results by team.
Teams shown in "italics" are no longer in existence. 

</doc>
<doc id="20164456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164456" title="Nayef">
Nayef

Nayef () is both a given name and a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Given name:
Surname:

</doc>
<doc id="20164457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164457" title="2009 Team Speedway Junior European Championship">
2009 Team Speedway Junior European Championship

The 2009 Team Speedway Junior European Championship will be the 2nd UEM Team Speedway Junior European Championship season. The Final will be held on August 23, 2009 in Holsted, Denmark. The championship was won by Poland (40 points), who they beat defending champion Sweden (38 points), host team Denmark (26 points) and Czech Republic (15 points)
Results.
In the Final will be the defending Champions Sweden, host team Denmark (3rd place in 2008 Final) and Poland (4th place). A last finalist will be determined in one Semi-Final. In Bockhorn, Germany on 18 July will be Ukraine, Czech Republic, Russia and host team Germany (2nd place). The Russian team withdrew and was replaced by Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20164469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164469" title="Charles C. Nott">
Charles C. Nott

Charles Cooper Nott, Sr. (1827 – March 6, 1916) was a Chief Justice of the United States Court of Claims.
Biography.
He was born in 1827 in Schenectady, New York, to Professor Joel B. Nott, a chemist and mineralogist. He was a grandson of Eliphalet Nott, a longtime President of Union College. Charles Cooper Nott graduated from Union College in 1848, was admitted to the bar and moved to New York in 1850, where he practised law until enlisting to fight at the beginning of the American Civil War. He was appointed a Captain in the Fremont Hussars, was in the 5th Iowa Cavalry, and the 131st and the 176th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiments, achieving the rank of Colonel. He was subsequently captured at the fall of Brashear City, and held as a prisoner of war in Texas for thirteen months.
Abraham Lincoln appointed Nott to the Court of Claims in February, 1865, two months before the President died. He was the reporter of decisions of forty-eight volumes of the Court of Claims Reports. He wrote the unanimous opinion in "Mrs. Lockwood's Case", 9 Ct. Cl. 346 (1874), denying Belva Ann Lockwood admission to the bar of the Court of Claims. She appealed to the United States Supreme Court and lost there as well. In 1896 he was appointed Chief Justice of the Court of Claims by President Grover Cleveland, succeeding William A. Richardson. In turn, Charles Bowen Howry took his associate judgeship. 
Nott retired in 1905. He died on March 6, 1916, at 151 East Sixty-first Street, New York City. His son, Charles Cooper Nott, Jr., was a Judge of the Special Sessions Court.

</doc>
<doc id="20164473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164473" title="Trinity School (Teignmouth)">
Trinity School (Teignmouth)

Trinity School in Teignmouth, Devon is a co-educational, primary and secondary school. The school was founded in 1979 as a joint Roman Catholic and Anglican school. The main school building was originally constructed as a monastery in 1879. Today the school consists of a Nursery, Preparatory Department, Senior Department and Sixth Form which offers boarding accommodation for students. Its facilities include a heated outdoor swimming pool.
The Headteacher is Mr Tim Waters.
Trinity recently featured in the Top 1000 English Secondary Schools, and has been awarded the prestigious "Excellence Award" from the Independent Schools Association. It has also been awarded 'Outstanding' by an Ofsted inspection conducted in early 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20164492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164492" title="Dick Betteley">
Dick Betteley

Richard Harold "Dick" Betteley (14 July 1880 – 3 August 1942) was an English footballer who played for both Black Country clubs, Wolverhampton Wanderers and West Bromwich Albion.
Betteley turned professional in August 1901 when he joined First Division Wolverhampton Wanderers from nearby non-league side Bilston United. He made his Football League debut on 28 March 1902 in a 3–5 defeat at Notts County. He held his place in the team and missed just two games over the next two seasons, but found himself under pressure for his place in the 1905–06 campaign. He left for local rivals West Bromwich Albion at the season's end as Wolves dropped out of the top flight. 
He made his Albion debut in September 1906 in a Second Division match away at Burnley. He won a Second Division championship medal with the club in 1910–11 campaign, but failed to make the team that played in the 1912 FA Cup Final. He left Albion in May 1912 to rejoin Bilston United, before retiring in May 1914.
He died in Wolverhampton on 3 August 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="20164495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164495" title="The Reef (1999 film)">
The Reef (1999 film)

The Reef (also known as "Passion's Way") is a 1999 historical drama film directed by Robert Allan Ackerman based on the book by Edith Wharton. It starred Sela Ward, Timothy Dalton, Alicia Witt, Jamie Glover. It was filmed in Prague, Czech Republic in 1996 but did not premiere on CBS until July 1999.
Plot.
The film is set in early 20th century, in France. A young widow renews her love with a man until she discovers that he had a past relationship with one of her new employees, who is a nanny. This makes the two women accuse each other for particular reasons until the end of the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="20164538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164538" title="Royal Horseguards Hotel">
Royal Horseguards Hotel

The Royal Horseguards Hotel is a 5-star London hotel situated in the area of Whitehall. It is operated by Guoman Hotels, a subsidiary of Thistle Hotels.
Building.
Whitehall Court was constructed as a block of luxury residential apartments in 1884 by the Liberal MP and property developer Jabez Balfour. The building's construction was the centrepiece of an elaborate pyramid scheme for fraud by Balfour, through the Liberator Building Society which he controlled. In 1892 the Society collapsed, leaving thousands of investors penniless. Instead of advancing money to home buyers, the Society had advanced money to property companies to buy properties owned by Balfour, at a high price. 
It achieved its Grade I listed building status due to its architecture, which is modelled on a French chateau. It shares the building with One Whitehall Place, which the hotel operates as its conference and events centre, as well as the National Liberal Club, with the remainder of Whitehall Court being inhabited by private residents.
The building was taken over by the Ministry of Defence during both world wars and was used by MI5 and MI6.
History.
The hotel opened in 1971, based in 1-2 Whitehall Court. It expanded in 1985 after the acquisition of the 140 bedrooms on the upper floors of the adjoining National Liberal Club at 1 Whitehall Place (the club itself continues without its bedrooms, and retains a relationship with the hotel that enables members to book rooms formerly owned by the club, at a discount).
The Royal Horseguards' itself has had a varied history. It has links to the British military, through a shared history with the Household Cavalry and the Blues and Royals (The Royal Horse Guards), hence its name. Because of this, the hotel supports the charity Help for Heroes. Also, it has strong governmental ties with Whitehall, as being in such close proximity from the Houses of Parliament and the Foreign office, it has hosted "important meetings, decisions and operations throughout its history", and influential politicians, statesmen and diplomats have visited or stayed.
The hotel was taken over by Guoman Hotels in 2008, who already own three of London's most prestigious hotels. Since 2008, after a major refurbishment and re-launch, the Royal Horseguards has become Guoman's flagship hotel, and gained 5-star rating from the AA in April 2009. Also, in December 2009, the hotel became part of the Preferred Hotel Group, a global organisation of 185 hotels.
The hotel is set to be completely renovated in 2014 and will be renamed the Clermont London.
Media appearances.
In the public eye, Whitehall Court was featured in the 1983 Bond film Octopussy.
BBC 1 Rom-Drama "The 7.39",
Location.
The hotel is in Central London, just off the Embankment and Whitehall and near Trafalgar Square. The nearest tube station is Embankment and the nearest railway station is Charing Cross. The district that the hotel is located is called St. James's, and is amongst many UK government buildings, fronting the River Thames.

</doc>
<doc id="20164545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164545" title="2009 European Speedway Club Champions' Cup">
2009 European Speedway Club Champions' Cup

The 2009 European Speedway Club Champions' Cup will be the 12th UEM European Speedway Club Champions' Cup season. The Final take place on 19 September 2009 at the MotoArena Toruń in Toruń, Poland. The meeting was won by Kaskad Rivne who beat host time Unibax Toruń, Vostok Vladivostok and Simon & Wolf Debreczyn.

</doc>
<doc id="20164619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164619" title="VIVA Model Management">
VIVA Model Management

VIVA Model Management is a model agency based in Paris and London. The agency was founded in Paris in 1988 by director Cyril Brule and focuses on high-fashion editorial and catwalk work. VIVA's board features notable models, including Natalia Vodianova, Kirsty Hume, Raquel Zimmerman, Karen Elson and Mariacarla Boscono.
As well as the shared women's division, both offices operate a "VIVA Talent" board. Talents include actresses Kristin Scott Thomas and Isabelle Huppert, and British singer Sunday Girl.
Fashion models represented by VIVA (as of October 2011).
Current models include:

</doc>
<doc id="20164650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164650" title="The Reef (novel)">
The Reef (novel)

The Reef is a 1912 novel by American writer Edith Wharton. It concerns a romance between a widow and her old lover. It was adapted into a film" The Reef" in 1999 starring Sela Ward, Timothy Dalton and Alicia Witt.

</doc>
<doc id="20164664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164664" title="Sant Andreu (Barcelona Metro)">
Sant Andreu (Barcelona Metro)

Sant Andreu is a station of the Barcelona Metro network, served by line L1. Named after the neighbourhood of Sant Andreu de Palomar, in the Sant Andreu district of the city, the station was built in 1968 along with Fabra i Puig and Torras i Bages. It's interconnected with nearby railway station Sant Andreu Comtal.

</doc>
<doc id="20164696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164696" title="Seán Doherty (Mayo politician)">
Seán Doherty (Mayo politician)

Seán Doherty (died 17 March 1985) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Mayo North constituency at the 1957 general election. He did not contest the 1961 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20164784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164784" title="Children of the Dust">
Children of the Dust

Children of the Dust may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20164793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164793" title="James Bassett (missionary)">
James Bassett (missionary)

James Bassett (1834–1906) was a Canadian-born American Presbyterian missionary.
In 1872, under the auspices of the American Board, he founded the first American mission at Tehran, Persia (now Iran). Under his supervision other mission stations were founded, and in 1882 he became senior missionary and head of the Eastern Mission of Persia. He wrote "Persia, the Land of the Imams" (1886) and "Persia, Eastern Mission" (1890).

</doc>
<doc id="20164864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164864" title="Aguadilla–Isabela–San Sebastián metropolitan area">
Aguadilla–Isabela–San Sebastián metropolitan area

The Aguadilla-Isabela-San Sebastián Metropolitan Statistical Area is a United States Census Bureau defined Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) in northwestern Puerto Rico. A July 1, 2009 Census Bureau estimate placed the population at 342,495, a 9.56% increase over the 2000 census figure of 312,602. 
Aguadilla-Isabela-San Sebastián is the second largest metropolitan area (by population) in Puerto Rico after San Juan–Caguas–Guaynabo and is the fastest growing MSA in the Commonwealth.
Municipalities.
A total of eight municipalities () are included as part of the Aguadilla-Isabela-San Sebastián Metropolitan Statistical Area. They are:

</doc>
<doc id="20164865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164865" title="Fajardo metropolitan area">
Fajardo metropolitan area

The Fajardo Metropolitan Statistical Area is a United States Census Bureau defined Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) in northeastern Puerto Rico. A July 1, 2009 Census Bureau estimate placed the population at 80,707, a 2.77% increase over the 2000 census figure of 78,533. 
Fajardo is the smallest metropolitan area (by population) in Puerto Rico.
Municipalities.
A total of three municipalities (Spanish: "municipios") are included as part of the Fajardo Metropolitan Statistical Area. They are:
Combined Statistical Area.
The Fajardo Metropolitan Statistical Area is a component of the San Juan–Caguas–Fajardo Combined Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="20164867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164867" title="Guayama metropolitan area">
Guayama metropolitan area

The Guayama Metropolitan Statistical Area is a United States Census Bureau defined Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) in southeastern Puerto Rico. 2010 Census results placed the population at 84,214, a 0.83% increase over the 2000 census figure of 83,570. 
Municipalities.
A total of three municipalities (Spanish: "municipios") are included as part of the Guayama Metropolitan Statistical Area. They are:

</doc>
<doc id="20164874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164874" title="Mayagüez metropolitan area">
Mayagüez metropolitan area

The Mayagüez Metropolitan Statistical Area is a United States Census Bureau defined Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) in west central Puerto Rico. A July 1, 2009 Census Bureau estimate placed the population at 109,842, a 4.53% decrease from the 2000 census figure of 115,048.
Of the eight metropolitan areas in the Commonwealth, Mayagüez has experienced the largest population decline during the 2000-2009 period. The only other MSA to have lost population during this same period is Ponce.
Municipalities.
A total of two municipalities (Spanish: "municipios") are included as part of the Mayagüez Metropolitan Statistical Area. They are:
Combined Statistical Area.
The Mayagüez–San Germán–Cabo Rojo Combined Statistical Area (CSA) includes two metropolitan areas and six municipalities. A July 1, 2009 Census Bureau estimate placed the population at 258,401, a 2.84% increase over the 2000 census figure of 251,260. The Mayagüez–San Germán–Cabo Rojo Combined Statistical Area comprises 6.5% of Puerto Rico's total population.

</doc>
<doc id="20164877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164877" title="North Star (sternwheeler 1897)">
North Star (sternwheeler 1897)

North Star was a sternwheel steamer that operated in western Montana and southeastern British Columbia on the Kootenay and Columbia rivers from 1897 to 1903. The vessel should not be confused with other steamers of the same name, some of which were similarly designed and operated in British Columbia and the U.S. state of Washington.
Design and construction.
"North Star" was built by Louis Pacquet, a shipbuilder from Portland, Oregon, for Capt. Frank P. Armstrong (1859-1923). Armstrong ran sternwheelers on the Kootenay and Columbia rivers under the name of the Upper Columbia Navigation and Tramway Company ("UCN&T"). Armstrong's domination of the Kootenay River steamboat business was threatened by the construction of another new steamer, the "J.D. Farrell" by the Kootenay River Navigation Company, a firm with financial backing from Spokane, Washington business interests. "North Star" was technically owned by American subsidiaries of the UCN&T, first the Upper Kootenay Navigation Company and then the International Transportation Company.
Operations on Kootenay River.
In June 1897 "North Star" started making runs from Jennings, Montana up the Kootenay river to Fort Steele, BC, where significant mining activity was occurring. The route ran through the dangerous stretch of Jennings Canyon where most of the sternwheelers on the upper Kootenay eventually were wrecked or seriously damaged. In April 1898 "North Star" was likewise wrecked in the Canyon. Armstrong was able to raise the vessel and return her to service. (Most of the Jennings Canyon has now been submerged by the waters behind Libby Dam.
Joint operations with Kootenay River Navigation Company.
During 1898, Captain Armstrong and Captain M. L. McCormack, manager of the Kootenay River Navigation Company, combined their efforts on the upper Kootenay, with the Armstrong boats "North Star" and "Gwendoline" receiving 60% of the freight receipts, with the balance to McCormack's single boat "J.D. Farrell." In October 1898 railroads were completed in the Kootenay reason, and traffic quickly shifted over to the railways, leaving the steamboats without business. "North Star" was laid up at Jennings, Montana with other upper Kootenay river sternwheelers until 1901, when the A. Guthrie Co. put them back in service to transport supplies for construction of the extension of the Great Northern Railway to Fernie, BC. In the fall of 1901, the railway construction was complete, and "North Star" and the other steamboats were laid up again.
Transit of Baillie-Grohman Canal.
In October 1901 Captain Armstrong bought out the minority interest that Captain James D. Miller (1830-1914) had held in "North Star". (Miller had also acted as captain of "North Star".) With steamboat business on the upper Kootenay essentially nonexistent, in 1902, Armstrong decided to bring "North Star" through the Baillie-Grohman Canal at Canal Flats, BC to the upper reach of the Columbia River that began at Columbia Lake and ran down the Columbia Valley to Golden, BC. "North Star" left Fort Steele on June 4, 1902. "North Star" was the last steamboat to depart that community, which was in rapid decline because of being bypassed by recent railway construction.
The Baillie-Grohman canal had been used by a steamboat just twice before. Both transits were by the sternwheeler "Gwendoline" which passed through the canal northwards in 1893 or 1894, and then south again in 1894. "Gwendoline" was a much smaller steamboat than "North Star" ( and 90 gross tons for "Gwendoline" compared to and 380 gross tons for "North Star"). By 1902, the canal, which for the most part had been dug in soft earth, had sloughed in. Worse for "North Star" was that the canal included a lock, which was feet long. A vessel like "North Star" which was , could never have passed through the lock under normal conditions. "North Star" was also 9 inches too wide for the lock. Many at the time considered the task impossible.
The Baillie-Grohman canal was only a little over a mile long, but it was in such poor condition that it took two weeks to coax "North Star" through it. The brush had overgrown the canal and the water was shallow causing the steamer to scrape bottom. At one point, a tree fell onto the steamer, just missing Armstrong's young daughter Ruth (for whom his steamer "Ruth" had been named). When "North Star" came to the lock, Armstrong solved the width problem by simply sawing 5 or 6 inches off the guards (the thick timber running along the top outside edge of a sternwheeler's hull). The length problem was solved differently. In those days, ore was packed out of mines in the Kootenay country by stuffing oxhides full of the mineral, and dragging or sliding the filled hides to the nearest steamboat landing or rail depot. Anderson had a number of oxhides on board "North Star" and he had them filled with sand and piled up to form temporary lock gates. He then destroyed the existing gates, and when the "North Star" was between the pair of temporary lock gates, he blew the forward temporary gates out with dynamite, and the steamer surged forward with the rush of water into the lower part of the canal. 
Once through the canal, a low bridge across the Columbia River blocked the vessel's path. Armstrong hoisted the bridge out of the way with the "North Star"'s capstan, then replaced it once the vessel had passed by. "North Star" finally arrived at Golden on July 2, 1902, thus becoming, with "Gwendoline" one of the only two steamers ever to operate on both the upper Columbia and the upper Kootenay rivers.
Operations on the Columbia River and customs seizure.
Captain Armstrong ran "Polar Star" on the Columbia river out of Golden for two seasons, but then the Canadian Customs officials realized Armstrong had not paid custom duties on "Polar Star" when he'd brought the vessel into Canada permanently from the United States. Technically the vessel was seized by Canadian customs, but in practice this meant that Armstrong was forced take his vessel at Golden until the duty was paid. This apparently did not trouble Armstrong greatly, as he used "North Star" as a source of spare parts for his other steamboats.

</doc>
<doc id="20164878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164878" title="Pumajaw">
Pumajaw

Pumajaw are a Scotland-based electronic duo, composed of Pinkie Maclure (vocals, synths, samples, concertina) and John Wills (guitar, samples, synths, drum programming). 
The duo met in London in 1994 when Wills produced Maclure's solo album. John Wills had previously been a founder member of Loop and The Hair and Skin Trading Company. Originally known as "Pinkie Maclure and John Wills", the duo changed their name following their move to Scotland from London in 2001. Their music is characterised by a blend of exploratory, cinematic arrangements and wide-ranging, blues-inflected vocals. They have recorded six albums together since 2000, influenced stylistically by film soundtracks, jazz, psychedelic folk and electronica.
The duo tour Europe regularly and have performed in Russia and the USA. In 2013 they recorded an album of songs from film noir to perform at the Edinburgh Festival. Their music has been remixed by Various Productions, Crooked Man and Christ., among others.
They have also been known as Lumen and Fingerfood.

</doc>
<doc id="20164887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164887" title="San Juan, Puerto Rico metropolitan area">
San Juan, Puerto Rico metropolitan area

The San Juan-Carolina-Caguas, PR Metropolitan Statistical Area is a United States Census Bureau defined Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) in northeastern Puerto Rico. A July 1, 2009 Census Bureau estimate placed the population at 2,617,089, a 4.31% increase over the 2000 census figure of 2,509,007. 
San Juan-Caguas-Guaynabo is the largest metropolitan area (by population) in Puerto Rico, and covers approximately half of the island.
Municipalities.
A total of forty-one municipalities (Spanish: "municipios") are included as part of the San Juan-Caguas-Guaynabo Metropolitan Statistical Area. The total area for the MSA is 1,902.45 square miles. They are:
Combined Statistical Area.
The San Juan–Caguas–Fajardo Combined Statistical Area (CSA) includes two metropolitan areas, one micropolitan area, and forty-five municipalities. A July 1, 2009 Census Bureau estimate placed the population at 2,732,036, a 4.16% increase over the 2000 census figure of 2,622,876. The San Juan–Caguas–Fajardo Combined Statistical Area comprises 68.9% of Puerto Rico's total population. 

</doc>
<doc id="20164889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164889" title="Yauco metropolitan area">
Yauco metropolitan area

The Yauco Metropolitan Statistical Area is a United States Census Bureau defined Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) in southwestern Puerto Rico. A July 1, 2009 Census Bureau estimate placed the population at 125,266, a 6.10% increase over the 2000 census figure of 118,063. 
Municipalities.
A total of four municipalities () are included as part of the Yauco Metropolitan Statistical Area. They are:
Combined Statistical Area.
The Yauco Metropolitan Statistical Area is a component of the Ponce–Yauco–Coamo Combined Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="20164899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164899" title="San Germán–Cabo Rojo metropolitan area">
San Germán–Cabo Rojo metropolitan area

The San Germán-Cabo Rojo Metropolitan Statistical Area is a United States Census Bureau defined Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) in southwestern Puerto Rico. A July 1, 2009 Census Bureau estimate placed the population at 148,559, a 9.06% increase over the 2000 census figure of 136,212. 
San Germán-Cabo Rojo is the fourth largest metropolitan area (by population) in Puerto Rico and is the second fastest growing MSA, after Aguadilla–Isabela–San Sebastián, in the Commonwealth.
Municipalities.
A total of four municipalities (Spanish: "municipios") are included as part of the San Germán-Cabo Rojo Metropolitan Statistical Area. They are:
Combined Statistical Area.
The San Germán-Cabo Rojo Metropolitan Statistical Area is a component of the Mayagüez–San Germán–Cabo Rojo Combined Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="20164911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164911" title="Ponce metropolitan area">
Ponce metropolitan area

The Ponce Metropolitan Statistical Area is a United States Census Bureau defined Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) in south central Puerto Rico. A July 1, 2009 Census Bureau estimate placed the population at 262,414, a 0.95% decrease from the 2000 census figure of 264,919. 
Ponce is the third largest metropolitan area (by population) in Puerto Rico. Of the eight MSA areas in the Commonwealth, only Ponce and Mayagüez experienced population declines during the 2000-2009 period.
Municipalities.
A total of three municipalities (Spanish: "municipios") are included as part of the Ponce Metropolitan Statistical Area. They are:
Combined Statistical Area.
The Ponce–Yauco–Coamo Combined Statistical Area (CSA) includes two metropolitan areas, two micropolitan areas; nine municipalities in total. A July 1, 2009 Census Bureau estimate placed the population at 483,149, a 2.07% increase over the 2000 census figure of 442,244. The Ponce–Yauco–Coamo Combined Statistical Area comprises 12.2% of Puerto Rico's total population. 

</doc>
<doc id="20164928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164928" title="Iyare Igiehon">
Iyare Igiehon

Iyare Nossa Gamel Abdel Igiehon ( , more commonly known as Iyare; born 3 March 1974) is a British DJ, presenter, and filmmaker.
Early life.
Igiehon grew up in London and studied Pop Music Studies at the University of Leeds and graduated with 1st class honours. Returning to London he worked as a recording engineer, mixing house tunes for Studio 33 in West London. In 2000 he joined "Darkerthanblue" as online music editor and brand developer working on compilation CDs, club tours, talent competitions, online and music editorial.
Radio career.
Igiehon was also part of the DJ duo Jason and Iyare. In 2001 they broadcast a one hour show called "The Presence" on Monday nights on the Student Broadcast Network, playing hip hop, RnB, UK Garage and dancehall for nine months until the launch of BBC 1Xtra.
They then went on to present the Breakfast show on BBC 1Xtra when the station launched in August 2002 until October 2007. 
In January 2008 he joined BBC 6 Music, presenting the 6 Mix on Saturday nights, then from October 2008 he presented the Weekend Breakfast show which is produced by Somethin' Else until the end of November 2009, when he left the network. 
In 2006, they set up a separate radio production company called On It Industries, which produced original radio productions such as the Radio 1Xtra weekday "M1X" show, as well as various documentaries until May 2009.
He has also (as of 4 May 2013) made 25 appearances on the Radio 5 Live show "Fighting Talk".

</doc>
<doc id="20164930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164930" title="Kane County Chronicle">
Kane County Chronicle

Kane County Chronicle is a daily newspaper serving Kane County, Illinois. 
Market.
The "Kane County Chronicle" serves central Kane County, located in the Fox Valley region of Illinois, about 40 miles west of Chicago. 
History.
Samuel W. Durant founded the "Valley Chronicle" in 1881. In its first issue, Vol. 1, No. 1, on May 27, 1881, Durant listed the paper's goals: "It will stand aloof from personalities, petty neighborhood difficulties, and unauthorized gossip. It will not wage war on its contemporaries, in the interest of any class, political, religious, sectional or otherwise. Its course will be directed with eye single to the dignified position which journalism should occupy, and in the general interests of the valley and surrounding region."
Durant ran the paper until his death in 1891, after which his brother, Pliney A. Durant, took over its operation. Soon after Pliney took over, John F. Dewey became owner and publisher and, shortly after that, the reins were passed on to Albert L. Hall, who in 1899 changed the name of the paper to the "St. Charles Chronicle".
Hall's desire for bigger and better things had him starting the "Elgin Daily Courier" in 1903, and he sold the paper to his sister-in-law, Lina Paschal, which began a family tradition in town. In 1926, Lina Paschal was named St. Charles postmistress. She sold the paper at that time to local philanthropist Lester Norris. Norris held on to the paper for about 20 years before selling the paper to Paul Paschal, grandfather to Rob and Jim Paschal, whose father Don Paschal was a great-nephew to Lina Paschal. Rob and Jim were the fourth generation of the family to run the Chronicle.
In the 1970s and '80s, the Paschals embarked on expansion, starting the "Geneva Chronicle" in 1973 and buying the "Batavia Herald", which was started in 1893, in 1976. The "Elburn Chronicle" was formed in 1987.
The Chronicle's first office was located in the building where Steel Beam Theater is now, 111 W. Main Street. The company later moved to 16 S. First Ave. A large front door was installed so that the presses could be moved in. In 1966, the Chronicle moved to east Main Street, leaving its old presses downtown and contracting with an offset printing company.
The Paschals sold the newspaper in 1989 to B.F. Shaw Printing Company, the fourth oldest continuously owned and operated family newspaper company in the nation, which built the present Chronicle office at 1000 Randall Road in 1990.
In 1990, the Chronicle's four semi-weekly papers, St. Charles, Geneva, Batavia, and Elburn, combined into one edition with the name changed to the "Kane County Chronicle". Up until 1991, the paper had been published twice a week on Wednesday and Friday. In 1991, it began printing five days a week, Tuesday through Saturday, and in 1997, a Monday edition was added. As of 2003, the Chronicle became a daily paper with the addition of a Sunday edition.
Beginning with the 17 March edition, the Chronicle took a new tabloid format. Also, the Chronicle began publishing five days a week, Tuesday through Saturday, as it had between 1991 and 1997. Additionally, an increased local news focus was unveiled.

</doc>
<doc id="20164936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164936" title="2009 European Pairs Speedway Championship">
2009 European Pairs Speedway Championship

The 2009 European Pairs Speedway Championship will be the 6th UEM European Pairs Speedway Championship season. The Final was held on 26 September 2009 in Miskolc, Hungary; it was second Final in Hungary, but first in Miskolc. The championship was won by Czech Republic pair and they beat Russia and the defending Champions Poland.
Results.
In the Final will be the defending Champion Poland, Czech Republic (2nd place in 2008 Final), Russia (3rd place), host team Hungary (4th place) and Latvia (5th place). A last finalist will be determined in one Semi-Final. In Ljubljana, Slovenia on May 13 will be Austria (6th place), Germany (7th place), Ukraine, Finland, host team Slovenia, Italy and Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="20164943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164943" title="Kesenai Tsumi">
Kesenai Tsumi

Music video.
The music video for "Kesenai Tsumi" starts out with the image of a doll version of Kitade, that is being slowly pieced together. Throughout the video are images of pale red flowers, masks floating in a bubbly space and Kitade in a black dress. At the end of the video, Kitade is shown fully human, singing against a blue backdrop with the words "Debut" and "北出菜奈" (Kitade Nana) in white text.
Raw "Breath" Track.
"Kesenai Tsumi: Raw "Breath" Track" is an acoustic rearrangement of the song. It was released a month after the original "Kesenai Tsumi". The single reached #87 and charted for eleven weeks on the Oricon Charts.

</doc>
<doc id="20164993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20164993" title="Melancthon S. Wade">
Melancthon S. Wade

Melancthon Smith Wade (December 2, 1801 – August 11, 1868) was a businessman, horticulturist, and soldier from the state of Ohio who served as a general in the Union Army during the early part of the American Civil War.
Biography.
Melancthon Wade, the son of an American Revolutionary War officer and prisoner-of-war, Daniel Everett Wade, was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was educated in the local schools and then opened a dry goods business that proved so successful that Wade was able to retire in 1840 at the age of 38. Concurrently with his business endeavors, he served with the Ohio Militia from 1825 until 1849, rising through the ranks from sergeant to brigadier general.
Wade married Eliza Armstrong in 1821. They had five children.
When the Civil War erupted in 1861, Wade was 58 years old. He volunteered his services to the Union Army and received a commission as a brigadier general on October 1 at the recommendation of Ormsby Mitchel. However, his appointment was never formally confirmed by the U.S. Senate. Wade's wife died on October 27.
He was assigned command of the newly constructed Camp Dennison near Cincinnati. Wade was given a full regiment of infantry to maintain and guard the training camp, as well as to assist in drilling and training the volunteer recruits that came in large numbers to the facility during the early months of the war.
On March 18, 1862, because of poor health and his advancing age, Wade resigned his commission and retired from the service. He returned to his estate in Avondale to engage in work as a fruit farmer and to pursue other horticultural interests with his oldest son, Melancthon Armstrong Wade.
Wade died at his home and was buried in Spring Grove Cemetery in Cincinnati.

</doc>
<doc id="20165003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165003" title="Nissan Saurus">
Nissan Saurus

The Nissan Saurus was a concept car designed by Nissan Motors and unveiled at the 1987 Tokyo Motor Show. It was a roadster featuring a 2.0-liter turbocharged engine, with bulging fenders and a design reminiscent of the Lotus Seven.
Nissan marketed the Saurus as part of a pair along with the Jura minivan concept, introduced as a practical complement to the roadster. This approach was very radical for the Japanese market where space for two automobiles was unrealistic for most, so it was safely assumed the Saurus concept was never meant to see production.
Impact.
The Saurus concept made its way into production in a modified form by Nissan's Nismo, Nissan's motor sports division. The Saurus Cup race series debuted 1989 using the Nissan Saurus Jr., a race car version of the Saurus. The series featured single seater sheet metal tub race cars with fiberglass molded bodies replicating the Saurus concept. The car was also used for Nissan Racing School. The successor to the Saurus race car, the Nissan Saurus Jr., is still used for advanced racing classes today.
The twin-charged engine of the Saurus made its way into production in 1989 through the March/Micra Super Turbo.
The Nissan Urge has been compared to the Saurus.

</doc>
<doc id="20165028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165028" title="Musaeus College">
Musaeus College

Musaeus College is a private girls' school in Colombo, Sri Lanka, and was named for Mrs Marie Musaeus Higgins (1855 – 10 July 1926) from Wismar in Germany, its Principal from 1895 to 1926. Musaeus College is now a leading academic institution with more 7,000 girls from ages 3 to 18, and is managed by a board of trustees. The school's motto is "Follow the Light".
Early history.
The origin of the school can be traced to the Women's Education Society of Ceylon, whose mission was to improve educational opportunities for girls, with instruction in English along Buddhist principles. It had the backing of the Buddhist Theosophical Society, which previously founded the Ananda College for boys along similar lines. With help and guidance from Peter De Abrew and Colonel Henry Steel Olcott, they founded the Sangamitta Girls' School at Tichborne Place, Maradana, around 1890, and wanted a European lady as its Principal. Colonel Olcott found a suitable candidate in Kate F. Pickett, the daughter of Mrs Elise Pickett, President of the Melbourne Theosophical Society. Miss Pickett arrived in Colombo on 10 June 1891 and had apparently settled in to life in the school's boarding house when she was found on the morning of 24 June 1891 drowned in a well in the school grounds.
Marie Musaeus Higgins, after whom the College was subsequently named, was the daughter of Theodor Musaeus, Chief Justice of Wismar in Mecklenburg, Germany. After having graduated and obtaining the title of Frau Professor, she proceeded to the United States of America and was engaged in educational work there. She married Anton Higgins, an engineer in the US army and a Theosophist. He died less than four years later. Following an advertisement by Col. Olcott in "The Path" (the magazine of the Buddhist Theosophical Society), she left for Ceylon, arriving on 15 November 1891.
The Musaeus Buddhist Girls' School started in a very simple and modest ‘mud hut’ which served both as living and teaching quarters with 12 students. The ‘hut’ was replaced by a brick building in the year 1895 as a result of a donation from Mr. Wilton Hack. He was a recent convert to Theosophy and around 1892, while in Colombo on his way home to Australia, Hack observed the work being carried out by Mrs. Higgins ("Sudu Amma" to her students), and decided to become involved in its development. He was to remain on the board of trustees until his death in 1923.
The lack of sufficient classrooms had stood in the way of Government assistance. Whenever Mrs Higgins had approached Mr. J. B. Cull, Director of Public Instruction, for funds she was told that without a permanent building she was ineligible for a Grant. Once the fine new hall with its upper storey to serve as a teaching hall and extra dormitory was completed, an annual Government grant to the school followed.
Teachers’ Training School
The demand for women teachers for Sinhalese Buddhist Girls’ schools being great, Mrs. Musaeus Higgins was approached by the Manager of those schools to open a Training College to train women students as school teachers. This work was begun in 1908 with the approval and sanction of the Government. This College was now sending out annually a number of trained teachers as Head-Mistresses of Buddhist Sinhalese Girls’ Schools, situated out of Colombo.
There was a Practicing School attached to the Training College. Not only did it form and indispensable adjunct to the College, but also the mean of giving a free education in Sinhalese to the children in the neighboarhood. The work of the Musaeus Buddhist Girls’ College was thus confined to:-
English College
Kindergarten on Modern Lines
Training College for women (Sinhalese)
Practising School (Sinhalese)
Works on Buddhism
Mrs. Higgins’ historical studies induced her to study Buddhism and in her later years Mrs. Higgins was engaged in the task of compiling books on Buddhism “Poya Days” and “Jataka Mala” (a translation of the Jataka Stories) are two of her popular books.
Mrs. Higgins had planned to issue a series of plays called “Ceylon Historical Plays”. She published one or two of them and they were even acted out under her own supervision by the girls of Musaeus College. Her simplicity of style had a special appeal to children for whom most of her books were written.
As a social religious worker, Mrs. Higgins was held in high esteem. Her life was entirely devoted to the cause, which she represented. In later years, she was not in the best of health-due to a life of strenuousness and hard work. The climate of Colombo did not agree with her and during the greater part of the year she lived at “Musaeus Cottage”, Diyatalawa. Later she was compelled to give up the Principalship of the school and become the Director.
During the last few days Mrs. Higgins was rather seriously ill. She had more than one relapse and her condition continued to give anxiety. At the time of her death, her niece, Miss. Schneider who arrived from Germany, was personally looking after her, and was by her bedside at the end of her life. Mrs. Higgins died at the age of 71.
At a time when Western influences were becoming widespread, Mrs. Higgins encouraged her students to uphold their traditional customs, manners and culture. She made religious activities an integral part of the school curriculum.
After 33 years of service Mrs. Higgins died in 1926.
‘Founder-Father’ of Musaeus 
Peter De Abrew was the eldest son of William de Abrew. He was one of the pioneers of the Theosophical Society of Ceylon. De Abrew became actively involved in the movement started by Colonel Henry Olcott and others towards the regeneration of the Sinhala nation, its religion and culture which had deteriorated during the last decades of the 19th Century together with his father, William de Abrew, who was himself a member of this movement donated their own land to build a Buddhist Girls’ School. Marie Musaeus Higgins and Peter De Abrew started their school in 1891, in a little thatched mud-walled hut where Musaeus stands now.
In 1940 Peter De Abrew died at the age of 78.
Religious education and training.
Buddhism has a pre-eminent place in all school programmes, and is a compulsory subject in the curriculum in all grades.
The school day begins with a “Bakti-Gee” in veneration of the Buddha, followed by “Pansil”. On the last bell, three “Gathas” are recited paying homage to the Buddha, Dhamma and Sangha. Flowers are offered daily by different classes at the College Shrine Room.
Once a month, a learned Bhikku is invited to deliver a sermon to both teachers and pupils. An endeavour is made to inspire the students with the tenets of Buddhism and train them according to the Buddhist way of life.
Teaching of English.
Special emphasis is given to the teaching of English language. English medium classes are conducted from Grade 4 up to Advanced Level classes.
The teaching programme includes training in Speech, in addition to Courses prescribed by the Ministry of Education. The student is also introduced to Literature and reading through a reading programme conducted during school hours.

</doc>
<doc id="20165039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165039" title="Peter Gál-Andrezly">
Peter Gál-Andrezly

Peter Gál-Andrezly (born 3 May 1990) is a Slovak footballer, who last played for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club MFK Košice.
Career.
The Slovak Gal-Andrezly began his career with MFK Kosice and was in 2007 promoted to the seniorside of the Corgoň Liga. Middlesbrough signed him in January 2009 on loan for 6 months. He joined the Middlesbrough reserve team. After the end of the loan contract with Middlesbrough F.C. turned back to MFK Kosice on 1 July 2009. Gal-Andrezly two guest appearances for Shamrock Rovers in friendlies against Newcastle and Real Madrid in July 2009 at Tallaght Stadium and then had a trial spell with Charlton Athletic F.C..
International career.
Gál-Andrezly is a member of the Slovakia national under-19 football team and presented the team in the 2009 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship qualification.
Personal life.
His father Daniel Gál-Andrezly is currently the Head Coach of MFK Spartak Medzev of the II. Slovenská Futbalová Liga.

</doc>
<doc id="20165041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165041" title="Magnormos">
Magnormos

Magnormos is an independent musical theatre production company based in Melbourne, Australia, that specialises in producing musicals written by Australian writers, and landmark international works.
In May 2010 Magnormos staged the Australasian premiere of Broadway musical title of show, which was well received by the critics, and led to members of the Broadway company (Jeff Bowen, Heidi Blickenstaff and Michael Berresse) flying to Melbourne to see the production for a specially added matinee performance which also included a question and answer session. The Q&A session was attended by Tony Award winner Geoffrey Rush. Media personality Julia Zemiro was impressed with the production and said, "Magnormos has always stood for excellence. With of show, they have surpassed themselves." A return season was announced shortly after to play in August 2010, following a brief tour to regional city Frankston.
Also In 2010, Magnormos produced A Sondheim Triptych to celebrate the 80th birthday of Stephen Sondheim. The Triptych included presentations of Saturday Night, Merrily We Roll Along, and Anyone Can Whistle. The 2010 season concluded with the annual OzMade Musicals showcase on November 15, for the first time presented at Melbourne's iconic Comedy Theatre.
The Magnormos 2011 season includes the Melbourne premiere of The Hatpin, and the world premiere of flowerchildren - the mamas and papas story starring Matt Hetherington, Laura Fitzpatrick, Dan Humphris and Casey Donovan as Mama Cass. Another triptych at Melbourne Recital Centre celebrated the career of Jerry Herman.
In 2013 the company staged a commercial season of flowerchildren - the mamas and papas story and will present a Stephen Schwartz celebration triptych in September featuring Godspell, Pippin and Children of Eden, with the composer himself in attendance.
History.
Magnormos was founded in 2002 by Aaron Joyner. The inaugural production was Stephen Schwartz's 'working' at the Athenaeum Theatre as part of the Melbourne Fringe Festival. The production was an Australian adaptation by Aaron Joyner, with permission and involvement by Stephen Schwartz himself.
Magnormos produces the annual OzMade Musicals concert, the Prompt Musical Program, the Musical Theatre Readings Program and Musical Theatre Trivia Nights.
OzMade Musicals.
OzMade Musicals is an annual gala concert of Australian musical theatre. The first OzMade was in 2003 at Theatre Works in St Kilda, and the newly opened Federation Square. In 2004 it was held at the BMW Edge, Federation Square and in 2005 it moved back to Theatre Works where it played until 2006. In 2007, for the fifth birthday of Magnormos, OzMade Musicals was moved to the Athenaeum Theatre in Collins Street Melbourne, where it also played in 2008. In 2010 it will be held in the Comedy Theatre Melbourne.
OzMade Musicals debuts new musicals through the 'On The Drawing Board' program. Submissions are accepted across Australia, and successful applicants are provided with development assistance and then presented as a fifteen-minute segment at the concert.
Existing musicals are celebrated as 'OzMade Flashbacks', one song highlights from Australian musicals that have been performed.
Musicals which have been presented in OzMade Musicals concert's include Paris, Metro Street, Eurobeat, and Virgins.
Productions.
Until 2007, Magnormos predominantly presented readings of musicals, and these included Stephen Sondheim's Saturday Night, Mel Brooks' Archy & Mehitabel, Craig Christie's Water Into Wine and Peter Pinne's A Bunch of Ratbags.
From 2007, Magnormos shifted to producing full productions again under the name of the Prompt! Musicals Program. Musicals shown through Prompt! include Mary Bryant (Nick Enright/David King), Life's A Circus (Anthony Costanzo), Love Equals (Craig Christie/Kristin Keam), Flora the Red Menace (John Kander/Fred Ebb/David Thompson) and The Thing About Men (Joe DiPietro/Jimmy Roberts).
As of 2010, with the Australasian premiere of [ title of show ], Magnormos stopped using the Prompt Musicals tag for its full productions. In 2011 Magnormos produced the Melbourne premiere of The Hatpin and the world premiere of flowerchildren - the mamas and papas story. 
Another initiative of Magnormos was the presentation of writers triptychs. The first was A Sondheim Triptych in 2010 to celebrate the 80th birthday of Stephen Sondheim. This event included one-night -only presentations of three Sondheim musicals across three consecutive Mondays: Saturday Night, Merrily We Roll Along and Anyone Can Whistle. In 2011 Magnormos presented a Jerry Herman Triptych which included Milk and Honey, Dear World and Hello, Dolly!
Other productions include an orchestral concert of Kevin Purcell and Victor Kazans 'Rebecca - the Musical', and workshops of new musicals 'Flowerchildren' (Peter Fitzpatrick) and 'Better Than Broadway' (Melvyn Morrow, David Mitchel, Ray Cook).
Artists.
Many Australian musical theatre stars have appeared on the Magnormos stage including Toni Lamond, Tony Sheldon, Nancye Hayes, Silvie Paladino, Anne Wood, Terence Donovan, Michael Cormick, Robert Grubb, Shaun Murphy, Sally Bourne, Jane Badler, Matt Hetherington, Chelsea Plumley, Casey Donovan, and many more.
Magnormos has been aligned with Theatre Works since 2003. Other supporters include the City of Port Phillip.

</doc>
<doc id="20165046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165046" title="Shāyast ne-Shāyast">
Shāyast ne-Shāyast

Shāyast ne-Shāyast (, "Proper and Improper") is one of the Middle Persian books which is written about 8th century B/C and containing about 13,700 words. this book is a compilation of miscellaneous laws and customs regarding sin and impurity, with other memoranda about ceremonies and religious subjects in general.
The content of this collection are of a very varied character, but sins and good works, precautions to avoid impurities, details of ceremonies and customs, the mystic signification of the Gathas, and praise of the sacred beings are the principal subjects discussed.

</doc>
<doc id="20165058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165058" title="Tenebroides mauritanicus">
Tenebroides mauritanicus

Tenebroides mauritanicus, commonly known as the cadelle beetle, is a cosmopolitan and common pest in storehouses and granaries. It is one of the longest lived insects which attacks stored grain and is very destructive and easily dispersed. It is also one of the largest (body length 10 mm.).
The larva would frequently infest ships' biscuits, so these large white maggots were nicknamed "bargemen".
External links.
See also Home stored product entomology

</doc>
<doc id="20165064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165064" title="Cerro Azul (municipality)">
Cerro Azul (municipality)

Cerro Azul is one of the 212 municipalities of the Mexican state of Veracruz. It is located in the state's Huasteca Baja region. The municipal seat is the city of Cerro Azul, Veracruz.
In the 2005 INEGI Census, the municipality reported a total population of 24,739 (down from 27,071 in 1995), of whom 
23,573 lived in the municipal seat. 
Of the municipality's inhabitants, 565 (2%) spoke an indigenous language, primarily Huasteco and Nahuatl.
The municipality of Cerro Azul covers a total surface area of 92.50 km².

</doc>
<doc id="20165093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165093" title="Crystal McKenzie Inc">
Crystal McKenzie Inc

Crystal McKenzie, Inc. is a New York City advertising agency notably instrumental in staging The Corning Museum of Glass exhibitions ""Glass of the Alchemists: Lead Crystal-Gold Ruby, 1650-1750"" (2008), ""Robert Willson: A Texan in Venice"" (2003), and ""Art and Design in Italian Glass"" (2000), as well as The Museum of the City of New York's study of contemporary black culture ""Black Style Now"" (2006). The agency was one of the first design firms to engage in environmental graphic design.
Corporate clients include IBM, AT&T, AXA, Corning Incorporated, Pfizer, Sanofi Pasteur, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Columbia University Medical Center and Princeton University.
The agency's Chief Executive Officer is Crystal McKenzie. A graduate of The Cooper Union, she also studied at Universita Cattolica di Milano. She was named US Chamber of Commerce's "Woman Business Owner of the Year" in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20165114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165114" title="Eupatorium benguetense">
Eupatorium benguetense

Eupatorium benguetense is a plant species in Asteraceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20165117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165117" title="Utareru Ame">
Utareru Ame

Music video.
The music video for "Utareru Ame" shows Kitade recording the song in a dark studio by herself. The video is interspersed with images of rain on glass, flowers, and electronic meters.

</doc>
<doc id="20165124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165124" title="Sidraž">
Sidraž

Sidraž is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20165126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165126" title="Useful Music">
Useful Music

Useful Music is a studio album initially released in May 1999 under the SMG Records label by Josh Joplin Band, and again in January 2001 through Artemis Records after the band had renamed itself Josh Joplin Group following a change in its line-up. While the album did not enjoy widespread commercial success, it peaked at #22 on the "Billboard" Independent Albums chart and spawned a moderate hit with its first single, "Camera One", which quickly reached #1 on the Triple A airplay chart, the highest position ever achieved by an independent release at that point (February 2001). Featuring a more rock-edged, radio-friendly sound than most of the other material on "Useful Music," the song was also featured in an episode of the comedy series "Scrubs" (season 1, episode 7, "My Super Ego").
Track listing.
Original release (1999).
All songs written by Josh Joplin.
Re-release (2001).
All credits are the same as the original release except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20165131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165131" title="Igor Grkajac">
Igor Grkajac

Igor Grkajac (, born April 26, 1987) is a Serbian footballer playing with FK Bane in the Serbian League West.
He had previously played with FK Sloga Kraljevo, FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac, FK Mladost Lučani, FK Borac Čačak, FK Novi Pazar and Faroese side TB Tvøroyri.

</doc>
<doc id="20165137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165137" title="Cerro Azul, Veracruz">
Cerro Azul, Veracruz

Cerro Azul is a city in the Mexican state of Veracruz. Located in the state's Huasteca Baja region, it serves as the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of the same name. 
In the 2005 INEGI Census, the city reported a total population of 
23,573.
History.
The site had been a area of rolling plains and hills used for cattle grazing (potreros). Hundreds of little asphalt springs dotted the area where cattle bones could be seen caught in the black seepage. Oil drilling in the area began in 1906. 
The town's population grew exponentially following the drilling of the Cerro Azul No. 4 well, at the time the world's largest pumping 260,000 barrels per day (BPD), in February 1916. The well was drilled by Herbert Wylie for the Mexican Petroleum Company, then controlled by California oilman Edward L. Doheny. When the well came in the sound could be heard away in Casiano, and shot a stream of oil into the air, sending oil in a two-mile (3-km) radius. Over the next 14-years the well would produce over 57 millions barrels. Doheny formed the Pan American Petroleum and Transport Company, of which the Mexican Petroleum Company portion would later become the PEMEX. 
The municipality of Cerro Azul was created on 27 November 1963, and the city was given city status on 6 December 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20165138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165138" title="Moritz Billecard">
Moritz Billecard

Maurice (Moritz) Billecard (born 1876 - died ?) was a French chess master.
He tied for 7-8th at Paris 1896 (Dawid Janowski won), tied for 14-15th at Munich 1900 (the 12th DSB Congress, Géza Maróczy, Harry Pillsbury and Carl Schlechter won), took 4th at Paris 1901 ("Quadrangular", Adolf Albin and Stanislaus Sittenfeld won), had dropped out of participation in the 1902 Monte Carlo chess tournament, and took 20th in the Ostend 1907 chess tournament (Masters' Tournament, Ossip Bernstein and Akiba Rubinstein won).
He lived in Algeria.

</doc>
<doc id="20165140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165140" title="The Crumbs">
The Crumbs

The Crumbs are a rock band originating from Miami, Florida. The band is composed of Raf Classic (guitar/vocals), Johnny B (guitar), Emil 4 (bass), and Chuck Loose (drums).
They have been inspired by 1950s rock music and the music of The Ramones, The MC5, Crime, The Dead Boys, The Stooges, The Pagans, and other pre-1977 punk acts that paved the way for the Crumbs' sound.
Recess Records released the band's first EP in 1995 titled "I Fell in Love With an Alien Girl and I Think I'm Goin' to Mars With Her". This was soon followed by the Far Out Records 10", "Get All Tangled Up". The band signed with Lookout! Records, who released their 1996 EP "Shakespeare" and 1997 full-length self-titled album. Chuck Loose left the group in 1997 to focus on the Drug Czars, while his replacement, Grim, was swiped from fellow Miami-based punkers, the Basicks. Lookout Records released the Crumbs' second full album entitled "Low and Behold" in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20165189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165189" title="Hold Heart">
Hold Heart

"Hold Heart" is Nana Kitade's third single. It debuted at #95 and charted for 2 weeks on the Oricon Charts.
Music video.
The music video for "Hold Heart" shows Kitade in a split letterbox with a border of blue flowers around it. Kitade is singing in a white space in both of the boxes, shown from different angles.

</doc>
<doc id="20165191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165191" title="The Future That Was">
The Future That Was

The Future That Was is the second and final studio album by Josh Joplin Group. Like Useful Music, it did not enjoy commercial success.

</doc>
<doc id="20165192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165192" title="List of windmills in Cambridgeshire">
List of windmills in Cambridgeshire

A list of all windmills and windmill sites which lie in the current ceremonial county of Cambridgeshire.
__TOC__
Locations formerly within Cambridgeshire.
For mills in Upwell see "List of windmills in Norfolk".
Notes.
Mills in bold are still standing, known building dates are indicated in bold. Text in "italics" denotes indicates that the information is not confirmed, but is likely to be the case stated.
Sources.
Unless otherwise stated, the source for all entries is 

</doc>
<doc id="20165205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165205" title="2009 Individual Speedway European Championship">
2009 Individual Speedway European Championship

The 2009 Individual European Championship will be the 9th UEM Individual Speedway European Championship season. The final took place on 23 August, 2009 in Tolyatti, Russia. The championship was won by Renat Gafurov (Russia), who beat Andriej Karpov (Ukraine) and Aleš Dryml, Jr. (Czech Republic) in Run-Off. The defending champion, Matej Žagar, lost in Semi-Final 3.
Final.
The Final

</doc>
<doc id="20165208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165208" title="Eupatorium camiguinense">
Eupatorium camiguinense

Eupatorium camiguinense is a plant species in Asteraceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20165219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165219" title="Brian Spalding">
Brian Spalding

Dudley Brian Spalding, FRS (born 9 January 1923) was a Professor of Heat Transfer at Imperial College, London. He is one of the influential persons in the development of computational fluid dynamics (CFD). In 1983, he became a Fellow of the Royal Society.
Prof. Spalding was born at New Malden, Surrey, England. He received his BA degree in Engineering Science from Oxford University in 1944 and PhD from Cambridge University in 1952. He is the founder of the company "Concentration Heat And Momentum Limited", (CHAM) specialising in computational fluid dynamics and heat transfer processes. CHAMs major product is the widely used PHOENICS CFD code. Prof. Spalding himself is the main creator and contributor of PHOENICS.
Together with his student Suhas Patankar he has developed SIMPLE algorithm, widely used numerical procedure to solve the Navier-Stokes equations.
CHAM.
CHAM was formed as Combustion, Heat and Mass Transfer Ltd by Prof. Spalding in 1969, and later renamed as Concentration Heat and Momentum Ltd in 1974. From the outset commercial CFD services were provided to industrial and governmental clients based on the pioneering technology that had emerged from Brian Spalding's research group at Imperial College in the late 1960s. 
Between 1969 and 1980, CHAM developed numerous application-specific CFD computer codes for clients across a wide range of sectors, including the aerospace, automotive, defence, chemical, environmental, fire & safety, marine, manufacturing & process, nuclear-power, and fossil-fuel power industries. These CFD codes also provided the means for CHAM to undertake CFD consultancy contracts aimed at solving practical problems and creating design aids for industry. A comprehensive but not exhaustive description of these activities can be found in Artemov "et al." . In this pre-PHOENICS era, contracts typically involved adapting a basic, standard CFD code to a specific application for a particular client. These two- and three-dimensional standard codes either handled parabolic systems, partially parabolic systems, or fully elliptic systems with the option for steady or time-dependent simulations.
Some time in 1978, Prof. Spalding conceived the idea of a single CFD code capable of handling all fluid-flow processes. Consequently, CHAM abandoned the policy of developing individual application-specific CFD codes, and during late 1978 the company began creating the world’s first general-purpose CFD code, PHOENICS, which is an acronym for Parabolic, Hyperbolic Or Elliptic Numerical Integration Code Series. The initial creation of PHOENICS was largely the work of Prof. Spalding and Harvey Rosten, and the code was launched commercially in 1981, and so here for the first time, a single CFD code was to be used for all thermo-fluids problems. 

</doc>
<doc id="20165244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165244" title="Helophilus">
Helophilus

Helophilus are a diverse genus of moderate to large hoverflies, that appear somewhat bee-like. Larvae filter-feed in organic rich water. All "Helophilus" adults have a distinctive lengthwise striped thorax and a transverse striped abdomen.
Species.
Subgenus: "Helophilus"
Subgenus: "Pilinasica"

</doc>
<doc id="20165263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165263" title="Gwendoline (sternwheeler)">
Gwendoline (sternwheeler)

Gwendoline was a sternwheel steamer that operated on the Kootenay River in British Columbia and northwestern Montana from 1893 to 1899. The vessel was also operated briefly on the Columbia River in the Columbia Valley.
Design and construction.
"Gwendoline" was built in 1893 at Wasa, BC on the Kootenay River for the Upper Columbia Navigation & Tramway Co. of which Capt. Frank P. Armstrong (1859-1923) was a principal.
Transits of Baillie-Grohman canal.
Some time in 1893 or 1894 Armstrong took "Gwendoline" north to Columbia Lake and the Columbia River through the Baillie-Grohman canal at Canal Flats, BC. In 1894 Armstrong returned the vessel south back to the Kootenay River. "Gwendoline" thus became one of only two steamboats (the other was "North Star") to use the canal. Because "North Star", being longer than the canal's one lock, had actually destroyed the lock in order to make her transit, "Gwendoline" was only steamboat to use the canal twice, and the only one to use it in a conventional way.
Operations on Kootenay River.
In 1896 "Gwendoline" was operated on the route from Canal Flats to Fort Steele, BC. During this time the vessel was lengthened from to .
Wrecked in Jennings Canyon.
"Gwendoline" was wrecked in Jennings Canyon in May 1897 in a collision with "Ruth", another sternwheeler of the Upper Columbia Navigation & Tramway Co. Both vessels were bound downriver. "Ruth" under Capt. L.B. Sanborn first entered the canyon, with 16 passengers and 80 tons of ore on board. Halfway through the canyon, a log caught in "Ruth"'s sternwheel, which threw the vessel out of control and caused to swing broadside blocking the channel. "Gwendoline" under Captain Armstrong then came down the river less than an hour later, and smashed into "Ruth". Fortunately no one was killed.
There was some talk that Captain Sanborn should have flagged the channel to warn "Gwendoline" and his statement that a log had jammed in his sternwheel was questioned. Still, there was no doubt that the Jennings Canyon was dangerous, for of the six sternwheelers that ever traversed the Canyon, eventually five were damaged or completely wrecked in the canyon. By June 1898 "Gwendoline" was salvaged, but "Ruth" was damaged beyond repair.
Joint operations with Kootenay River Navigation Company.
During 1898, Captain Armstrong and Captain McCormack combined their efforts on the upper Kootenay, with the Armstrong boats "North Star" and "Gwendoline" receiving 60% of the freight receipts, with the balance to McCormack's single boat "J.D. Farrell". James D. Miller (1830-1914) one of the Northwest's most experienced steamboat captains, commanded "Farrell" during this time.
Withdrawal from Kootenay River service.
1898 was possibly the peak year for steamboat activity on the Kootenay River. By the end the year, business declined sharply on the route as traffic shifted over to newly completed railways, causing "Gwendoline" to be laid up at Jennings from October 1898 to the spring of 1899 with two other unneeded sternwheelers, "North Star" and "J.D. Farrell".
Failed transfer and loss.
In 1898 Captain Armstrong went north to join the Klondike Gold Rush, and while he was gone, J.D. Miller (1830-1914) was left in charge of "Gwendoline". Miller, one of the most experienced steamboat captains in the Northwest, had the idea of moving "Gwendoline" by rail around Kootenai Falls. Smaller steamboats had been successfully moved similar distances by rail before, for example "Marion" and "Selkirk". "Marion" in particular had been moved twice by rail, once in 1890 and again in 1897. The ultimate plan for "Gwendoline" was to run her on Duncan Lake.
In this case, the execution was flawed. While loaded on two flat cars, the vessel tipped over and fell down 70 feet down a canyon, landing bottom side up, and was a total loss.

</doc>
<doc id="20165277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165277" title="New England Biotech Association">
New England Biotech Association

The New England Biotech Association (NEBA) is a coalition of biotechnology companies, academic institutions, pharmaceutical companies, and trade organizations from all six New England States.
NEBA serves as a regional policy and public affairs voice for the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industry.
NEBA is a non-profit, member driven organization, with over 600 members. 
The Chairman of NEBA is Paul Pescatello, Director of Connecticut United for Research Excellence -(CURE.) 
In 2010, NEBA advocated against measures that would harm the biotechnology industry in Maine and other New England states. The organization also launched a website www.MassRxHelp.org to help consumers save money on prescription medications. 

</doc>
<doc id="20165290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165290" title="Jalan KLIA 1">
Jalan KLIA 1

Jalan KLIA 1, Federal Route is a third highway in Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA), Malaysia. It is a main route to KLIA Town Centre.
Route background.
The Kilometre Zero of the Federal Route 182 starts at Nilai-KLIA Highway junctions.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 182 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20165332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165332" title="List of women's football clubs in South Korea">
List of women's football clubs in South Korea

This is list of women's football clubs in South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="20165333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165333" title="Spodnji Brnik">
Spodnji Brnik

Spodnji Brnik (; in older sources also "Spodnji Bernik", ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saints Simon and Jude and was first mentioned in documents from 1511, when it was extended and dedicated, its predecessor on the site probably dating to the early Middle Ages.
Spodnji Brnik is also the closest settlement to Ljubljana Jože Pučnik Airport, commonly known as Brnik Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="20165367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20165367" title="Pureness/Nanairo">
Pureness/Nanairo

Music video.
The music video for "Pureness" shows Kitade playing live with her band in a dark club, with scenes of her singing against a red leather background.
There is no music video for "Nanairo". It also did not appear on any album and is found only on its single.

</doc>
