<doc id="20330307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330307" title="Gerald Epstein">
Gerald Epstein

Gerald N. Epstein (born November 6, 1935) is an American psychiatrist who uses mental imagery and other mental techniques to treat physical and emotional problems. An author and a researcher, he is the founder and director of a mental imagery school for post-graduate mental health professionals, teaching imagery as a tool for healing and a "bridge to the inner world".
Education and early professional career.
Epstein received his formal training as a medical doctor at New York Medical College, New York, NY, graduating in 1961. In 1961-62, he completed a rotating internship at Stamford Hospital, Stamford, CT, and in 1962-65, he took a residency in psychiatry at Kings County Hospital, Brooklyn, NY. In 1965, he began a private practice in New York City as a psychoanalyst. He trained in Freudian psychoanalysis at the New York Psychoanalytic Institute, graduating in 1972. In 1973, he co-founded "The Journal of Psychiatry and Law", which Epstein edited from 1973 through 1986. In 1975, he became an assistant clinical professor of psychiatry at New York's Mt. Sinai Medical Center.
Epiphany.
In 1974, Epstein experienced what he calls an "epiphany". In Jerusalem as a visiting professor in law and psychiatry, he met a young man who reported that three years of extensive psychoanalysis had not succeeded in freeing him of his depression but that four sessions with a local healer who practiced "waking dream therapy" had cured him. Epstein arranged a meeting with the healer, a woman named Colette Aboulker-Muscat, who, at her death in 2003, "had an international reputation as a . . . healer of body and mind who employed visualization and dream interpretation." Epstein's epiphany came after he suggested to Aboulker-Muscat that since Freud had proposed to analysts that they elicit free association by asking patients to "imagine" being on a train with an analyst and describing to the analyst everything the patient sees while looking out a window, one could consider Freud's free association a form of mental imagery. Aboulker-Muscat asked, "In what direction does the train go?" Disconcerted, Epstein made a horizontal gesture with his hand. Aboulker-Muscat made a vertical gesture in response. "What if the direction was changed to this axis?" Fifteen years later, Epstein described this moment in born-again language: I felt an overwhelming sense of self-recognition, an 'aha' experience. It was an epiphany. The vertical movement seemed to lift me from the horizontal hold of the given, the ordinary patterns of everyday cause and effect. I leapt into freedom, and I saw that the task of therapy . . . was to help realize freedom, to go beyond the given to the newness that we all are capable of. . . .This is what imagery, I have come to learn, makes possible. Epstein studied imagery with Aboulker-Muscat for nine years. In New York, he closed his Freudian practice and opened a new practice based on mental imagery.
Imagery institute.
In 1982, Epstein founded and became the director of The Colette Aboulker-Muscat Center for Waking Dream Therapy, a post-graduate training center for imagery chartered by the New York State Regents. The school offers post-graduate courses for licensed mental health professionals and provides classes for the general public. In 1994, the school was renamed The American Institute for Mental Imagery.
Books.
Epstein's first book for fellow professionals appeared in 1980, "Studies in Non-Deterministic Psychology," an edited collection of papers (two by Epstein) presenting "outstanding" analytic efforts to develop "integrated non-deterministic" approaches to understanding human behavior. A second book for professionals was published in 1981, "Waking Dream Therapy: Dream Process as Imagination," which examines the method and purpose of waking dream, a process in which a patient continues in waking life the action of a dream from a previous night. The result, Epstein claims, is freedom from the conditioned behavior that "we habitually live with." In 1989, Epstein's first self-help book appeared, "Healing Visualizations: Creating Health Through Imagery," a collection of imagery exercises for treating 76 physical or emotional ailments, arranged alphabetically from acne to worry. In its 19th printing , with more than 100,000 copies in print, it has been translated into 11 languages and published in 13 countries. A second self-help book appeared in 1994, "Healing Into Immortality: A New Spiritual Medicine of Healing Stories and Imagery,"in which Epstein argues that "the essential teaching of spiritual medicine is that we possess the means for healing ourselves through the use of our inner mental processes" and that these processes derive from the Bible.
Audios.
In 2003, Epstein's first audio was issued, an eight CD set, "The Natural Laws of Self-Healing," which consists of twelve "laws" drawn from his practice and his study and understanding of the spiritual principles of life. A second audio, a 6-CD set, appeared in 2007, "The Phoenix Process: One-Minute a Day to Health, Longevity, and Well-Being," which describes four self-help practices, one for each of four common life problems—self-doubt, feelings of emergency, indecisiveness, and physical and emotional ailments – all of which, Epstein argues, physically wear away the body and shorten one's life.
Research.
Waking dream.
Toward the end of the 1970s, Epstein participated in a study of 127 subjects to investigate the experiences of "self-hypnosis, waking dreaming, and mindfulness meditation." Reports by participants indicated that the images they experienced in waking dream had a more "vivid inner reality," that they were more aware of the images' "immediate impact," and that they were less likely to see the images as their own creation.
Asthma.
In the mid 1990s, Epstein collaborated with Elizabeth Ann Manhart Barrett, then the coordinator of the Center for Nursing Research at Hunter College, City University of New York, and with other colleagues, to conduct two studies on the use of mental imagery by adults experiencing asthma. The first study, funded by the Office of Alternative Medicine of the National Institutes of Health, examined the quantitative effects of imagery, comparing 17 participants who used mental imagery as a treatment for their asthma and 16 participants who did not. Among the group using mental imagery, eight people (47 percent) reduced or discontinued their medication, while in the group not using imagery, no one discontinued their medication and only three people (19 percent) reduced it. People using imagery also indicated that they had increased their ability to make choices and their overall power to create changes in their lives. The second study used a phenomenological, qualitative approach to explore the experience of the people using mental imagery to alleviate their asthma. With responses from 14 participants, researchers found that the use of mental imagery helped these people to feel more powerful and in some cases "profoundly affected" in favorable ways their views of themselves—for example, relieving them of the fear that that they would forget their inhaler and die from an asthma attack.
Critical reception.
Epstein has consistently maintained that imagery works in a matter of minutes or less when used for a number of days. Martin Rossman, also a practitioner of mental imagery and the author of a book on imagery, challenged this contention in a review of "Healing Visualizations," pointing to an exercise that Epstein claimed could remove the feeling of aimlessness if done "once a day, for three to five minutes, for three days." Rossman wrote: Perhaps Dr. Epstein is seeing patients less seriously aimless than I, . . . but I . . . have not generally seen loss of direction in life to respond to nine minutes of treatment with or without visualization. Epstein responded that his claims were based on his clinical experiences. All of the imagery in "Healing Visualizations" has been tried in clinical situations over the . . . years that I have made imagery the central focus and treatment modality of my clinical work. . . The imagery summons new possibilities. . . and can thus result in the rapid relief of ailments or symptoms – like aimlessness – within a short period of time.

</doc>
<doc id="20330321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330321" title="Dynamic global vegetation model">
Dynamic global vegetation model

A Dynamic Global Vegetation Model (DGVM) is a computer program that simulates shifts in potential vegetation and its associated biogeochemical and hydrological cycles as a response to shifts in climate. DGVMs use time series of climate data and, given constraints of latitude, topography, and soil characteristics, simulate monthly or daily dynamics of ecosystem processes. DGVMs are used most often to simulate the effects of future climate change on natural vegetation and its carbon and water cycles.
DGVMs generally combine biogeochemistry, biogeography, and disturbance submodels. Disturbance is often limited to wildfires, but in principle could include any of: forest/land management decisions, windthrow, insect damage, ozone damage etc. DGVMs usually "spin up" their simulations from bare ground to "equilibrium" vegetation to establish realistic initial values for their various "pools": carbon and nitrogen in live and dead vegetation, soil organic matter, etc. corresponding to a documented historical vegetation cover.
DGVMs are usually run in a spatially distributed mode, with simulations carried out for thousands of "cells", geographic points which are assumed to have homogeneous conditions within each cell. Simulations are carried out across a range of spatial scales, from global to landscape. Cells are usually arranged as lattice points; the distance between adjacent lattice points may be as coarse as a few degrees of latitude or longitude, or as fine as 30 arc-seconds. Simulations of the conterminous United States in the first DGVM comparison exercise (LPJ and MC1) called the VEMAP project in the 1990s used a lattice grain of one-half degree. Global simulations by the PIK group and collaborators using 6 different DGVMs (HYBRID, IBIS, LPJ, SDGVM, TRIFFID, and VECODE) used the same resolution as the general circulation model (GCM) that provided the climate data, 3.75 deg longitude x 2.5 deg latitude, a total of 1631 land grid cells. Sometimes lattice distances are specified in kilometers rather than angular measure, especially for finer grains, so a project like VEMAP is often referred to as 50 km grain.
Several DGVMs appeared in the middle 1990s. The first was apparently IBIS (Foley et al., 1996), VECODE (Brovkin et al., 1997), followed by several others described below:
Several DGVMs have been developed by various research groups around the world:
The next generation of models - earth system models (ex. CCSM, ORCHIDEE, JULES, CTEM ) - now includes the important feedbacks from the biosphere to the atmosphere so that vegetation shifts and changes in the carbon and hydrological cycles affect the climate.
LANDIS II, Forest LANdscape DIsturbance and Succession (LANDIS) -II (Scheller et al. 2007) simulates forest succession and disturbances. LANDIS-II builds upon and preserves the functionality of previous LANDIS forest landscape simulation models. LANDIS-II is distinguished by the inclusion of variable time steps for different ecological processes; use of a rigorous development and testing process used by software engineers; including a ﬂexible, open architecture.
DGVMs commonly simulate a variety of plant and soil physiological processes. The processes simulated by various DGVMs are summarized in the table below. 
Abbreviations are: NPP, net primary production; PFT, plant functional type; SAW, soil available water; LAI, leaf area index; I, solar radiation; T, air temperature; Wr, root zone water supply; PET, potential evapotranspiration; vegc, total live vegetation carbon.
References:

</doc>
<doc id="20330328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330328" title="Mizuki Kubodera">
Mizuki Kubodera


</doc>
<doc id="20330339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330339" title="Kenneth Breslauer">
Kenneth Breslauer

Kenneth Breslauer is the Linus C. Pauling professor of Chemistry and Chemical Biology at Rutgers University. He is also Dean of Life Sciences since 1995 and Vice President for Health Science Partnerships since 2005.
Research.
Breslauer determined a DNA database that allows one to energetically map genome sequence information so as to correlate regions of differential stabilities with regions of differential biological functions. The database and its extensions also have been used to design probes and drugs with predictable hybridization and binding properties, a capability key to various diagnostic and therapeutic protocols. 
Breslauer has mapped the energetic consequences of DNA damage, knowledge critical to understanding the mechanisms of DNA repair, including why certain mutations escape repair and result in cancer. Most recently, Breslauer has elucidated the significance of metastable states within the rough energy landscapes of DNA molecules, information critical to our understanding of the molecular origins of triple repeat diseases, such as Huntington's disease and fragile X syndrome.<br>
Breslauer is the Executive Editor of Biopolymers, a major journal in his field, and is founding editor of Nucleic Acid Sciences. He also serves on numerous scientific advisory boards, including those associated with the Cancer Institute of New Jersey, the Center for Advanced Biotechnology and Medicine, as well as federal funding agency study sections.
Deanship.
As a Dean, Breslauer reorganized the life sciences into an administratively and programmatically integrated structure, the Division of Life Sciences (DLS). This entity encompasses three departments (Cell Biology and Neuroscience, Genetics, Molecular Biology and Biochemistry); two sections (Biological Chemistry, Behavioral Neuropsychology); multiple centers and institutes (the Biomaterials Center, the Human Genetics Institute, the Rutgers University Cell and DNA Repository, the W. M. Keck Center Collaborative Neurosciences, the Spinal Cord Injury Project, the Rutgers Stem Cell Research Center, the Research Collaboratory for Structural Bioinformatics, etc.) and partnerships with existing life sciences centers, institutes, and schools. And a broad range of Core Facilities (confocal microscopy, high-field NMR, Mass Spectrometry, Calorimetry and Spectroscopy, Imaging, etc.).
The Division of Life sciences also comprises the Office of Undergraduate Instruction (OUGI), which includes the Office of Diversity and Academic Success in the Sciences(ODASIS), the Health Professions Office(HPO); as well as the Graduate Office in Molecular Biosciences. <br>
Administratively, under the direction of a Business Office, the DLS provides centralized grants management, procurement, personnel management, facilities maintenance and oversight, and IT support. Programmatically, an overarching theme of the DLS is the focus on translational research in which knowledge from the laboratory bench is rapidly translated into treatments at the bedside of the patient W.M. Keck Center for spinal cord injury, the New Jersey Center for biomaterials, the New Jersey Stem Cell institute and the Waksman Institute of Microbiology.
<br>
Since 2005, the Divisional office is partly housed in the new Life Sciences building on the Busch campus,; a magnificent facility that represents the culmination of nearly a decade long campaign by Breslauer to build critically needed space for life science development. Currently, the building houses the New Jersey Center for Biomaterials, the Human Genetics Institute, and the Rutgers Department of Genetics.
As Vice President for health science partnerships, Breslauer has assumed a leadership role in establishing with the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey the Stem Cell Institute of New Jersey, the Center for Clinical Translational Sciences, Shared Major Instrumentation Research Facilities, as well as partnerships with universities in China, Taiwan, Africa, and elsewhere, including mutually beneficial cooperative agreements with the private sector.
Personal Background.
Kenneth Breslauer was born in Jönköping, Sweden. His parents were natives of Germany but fled the country during Hitler’s era. His father’s father, George Breslauer, was a supreme court justice in Germany before Hitler came to power. His mother’s father, Hans Schäffer, was an undersecretary of the treasury for the Weimar Republic from 1928 to 1932. whose diaries were donated to the Leo Baeck Institute in Manhattan.
Kenneth Breslauer is married to Sherrie Schwab, a psychotherapist, and they have two sons (Daniel and Jordan). Both of them, like their parents, are big sports fans. Daniel, or "Danny" (Rutgers '10) is a sports broadcaster, and Jordan (NYU Stern School of Business '13) is a Research Analyst at Nielsen.
Education & Professional Career.
Although he started college as a history major, Kenneth Breslauer graduated in 1968 with honors from the University of Wisconsin, with both a bachelor’s degree in chemistry as well as a B.A. degree. During high school and his freshman year in college, Breslauer played left field on his schools’ baseball teams, and, subsequently, for a brief period, he followed his passion and played minor league baseball in West Haven, Connecticut.
During his PhD research at Yale University, Breslauer developed a new calorimetric method for investigating the molecular forces that control the stability and folding of proteins, His results were incorporated in databases for characterizing hydrophobic and hydrophilic forces associated with protein stability. He graduated from Yale in 1972.
As a postdoc at the University of California at Berkeley, Breslauer investigated and characterized the molecular forces associated with dictating and controlling nucleic acid stability. At Rutgers since 1974, he combines these fields by investigating protein-DNA, and drug-DNA interactions, particularly as they relate to regulation of gene expression, DNA damage repair, and molecular diseases.
Prof Breslauer is author of over 200 publications. His most cited paper describes a model and presents a database that has been used throughout the field to predict DNA duplex stability from the base sequence, and it is cited over 1000 times. This paper and subsequent work from his laboratory have led to a patent being issued to Breslauer and co-workers (No. 6,815,163) entitled “Methods and Kits for Screening Nucleic Acid Duplex Stability.”
Awards.
1970: Wolfgang Prize for outstanding teaching at Yale<br>
1981: Humboldt Fellowship Award for research in Germany<br>
1985: Sunner Medal, as the nation’s outstanding, “young” biothermodynamicist<br>
1987: Johnson & Johnson Research Discovery Award <br>
1995: Huffman Memorial Award <br>
1996: Elected Fellow of the AAAS 

</doc>
<doc id="20330367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330367" title="Alfina Nasyrova">
Alfina Nasyrova

Alfina Nasyrova (born 11 June 1988) is a Kazaki beauty queen who won the national pageant Miss Kazakhstan in 2007 held at the Abai State Kazakh National Opera & Ballet Theatre in Almaty. She went on to represent Kazakhstan in Miss Universe 2008 in Nha Trang, Vietnam, on 14 July 2008, and Miss World 2008 in Johannesburg, South Africa, on 13 December 2008. She was not placed in Miss Universe, but she was among the Top 15 in Miss World.
She studied textile and manufacturing at the Almaty Technological University.

</doc>
<doc id="20330373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330373" title="Richárd Hoffmann">
Richárd Hoffmann

Richárd Hoffmann (born 17 November 1978) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre FC as striker.

</doc>
<doc id="20330375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330375" title="Moralistic therapeutic deism">
Moralistic therapeutic deism

Moralistic therapeutic deism is a term that was first introduced in the book "Soul Searching: The Religious and Spiritual Lives of American Teenagers" (2005) by sociologists Christian Smith and Melinda Lundquist Denton. The term (abbreviated MTD) is used to describe what they consider to be the common religious beliefs among American youth. The book is the result of a research project, the "National Study of Youth and Religion," privately funded by the Lilly Endowment.
Definition.
The authors find that many young people believed in several moral statutes not exclusive to any of the major world religions. It is this combination of beliefs that they label Moralistic Therapeutic Deism:
These points of belief were compiled from interviews with approximately 3,000 teenagers.
Authors' analysis.
The authors say the system is "moralistic" because it "is about inculcating a moralistic approach to life. It teaches that central to living a good and happy life is being a good, moral person." The authors describe the system as being "about providing therapeutic benefits to its adherent" as opposed to being about things like "repentance from sin, of keeping the Sabbath, of living as a servant of a sovereign divine, of steadfastly saying one's prayers, of faithfully observing high holy days, of building character through suffering..." and further as "belief in a particular kind of God: one who exists, created the world, and defines our general moral order, but not one who is particularly personally involved in one's affairs--especially affairs in which one would prefer not to have God involved."
The remoteness of God in this kind of theism explains the choice of the term "Deism," even though "the Deism here is revised from its classical eighteenth-century version by the therapeutic qualifier, making the distant God selectively available for taking care of needs." It views God as "something like a combination Divine Butler and Cosmic Therapist: he's always on call, takes care of any problems that arise, professionally helps his people to feel better about themselves, and does not become too personally involved in the process."
The authors believe that "a significant part of Christianity in the United States is actually only tenuously Christian in any sense that is seriously connected to the actual historical Christian tradition, but has rather substantially morphed into Christianity's misbegotten stepcousin, Christian Moralistic Therapeutic Deism."
CNN online featured an article, “More Teens Becoming Fake Christians” on Kenda Creasy Dean’s new book "Almost Christian: What the Faith of Our Teenagers is Telling the American Church". (Oxford University Press, 2010). She writes, "The problem does not seem to be that churches are teaching young people badly, but that we are doing an exceedingly good job of teaching youth what we really believe, namely, that Christianity is not a big deal, that God requires little, and the church is a helpful social institution filled with nice people…" She goes on to say that "if churches practice MTD in the name of Christianity, then getting teenagers to church more often is not the solution (conceivably it could make things worse). A more faithful church is the solution…. Maybe the issue is simply that the emperor has no clothes."
Criticism.
Deist writers have leveled two criticisms have been raised against use of the term Moralistic Therapeutic Deism. First, it has been argued that the word "Deism" has been too radically redefined by the coiners of the phrase. Deism in the classical sense means belief in an intelligent designer arrived at through reason and observation of the natural world. One critic states that, "the 'religion' called Moralistic Therapeutic Deism would be more accurately called Moralistic Therapeutic Theism. There is no reason to invent the phrase Moralistic Therapeutic Deism to begin with—because it is, as has already been stated many times, merely a diluted version of the revealed religion that already exists. In truth, it holds no relationship with Deism as we know it."
A second criticism against use of the term is that it is essentially vacuous since, as the originators of the term even admit, "no teenager would actually use the terminology 'Moralistic Therapeutic Deist' to describe himself or herself," and since the term is always applied relative to one's own position on a spectrum of adherence to or ignorance of Christian scripture and tradition. As one critic argues, "The case for this can be especially strengthened when you consider the issue of executing disobedient children, as we discussed earlier to Deuteronomy 21:18–21. Almost no Christians actually follow that part of the Bible. . . . To an extent, then, all Christians fit into the MTD category—the only difference between American teens and the rest of them is that American teens hold the beliefs of MTD to a higher degree, and therefore hold the beliefs of traditional Christianity to a lesser degree."
Commentary.
Damon Linker suggested in a 2009 blog post that Moralistic Therapeutic Deism, while theologically "insipid," is "perfectly suited to serve as the civil religion of the highly differentiated twenty-first century United States," a contention that was disputed by Collin Hansen, Ross Douthat, and Rod Dreher.

</doc>
<doc id="20330381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330381" title="Clash of Times">
Clash of Times

The Clash of Times (Roger Federer vs Pete Sampras).
The Clash of Times was a tennis exhibition match between Roger Federer and Pete Sampras which took place on 22 November 2007 at Stadium Malawati, Shah Alam, in Kuala Lumpur as part of Malaysia's 50th anniversary of independence (it was a part of Inaugural Merdeka Tennis Challenge).
Roger won a close match 7/6(6) 7/6(5).
The “one of a kind” Malaysia Independence Tennis Festival featured three major events:
The first was a challenge match between Rafael Nadal against French top player and Wimbledon semi-finalist Richard Gasquet.
The “center piece” being the Clash of Times challenge match between Roger Federer and Pete Sampras, as well as an ATP Challenger Series tournament – the Malaysia Open.
The Schedule was as follows:
Clash of Titans – Rafael Nadal vs Richard Gasquet (best of 3 sets)
Date: Tuesday, November 20, 2007
Venue: Malawati Stadium, Shah Alam
Time: 8pm to 10pm
Clash of Times – Pete Sampras vs Roger Federer (best of 3 sets)
Date: Thursday, November 22, 2007
Venue: Malawati Stadium, Shah Alam
Time: 8pm to 10pm
Event: Malaysia Open – ATP Challenger Series Tournament
Date: November 17-25, 2007
Format: Men’s Singles and Doubles
Venue: National Tennis Centre, Jalan Duta, Kuala Lumpur
Time: 10am to 10pm

</doc>
<doc id="20330384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330384" title="Greenhorn on the Frontier">
Greenhorn on the Frontier

Greenhorn on the Frontier is an historical, young-adult novel by the American writer Ann Finlayson. 
It is set in 1770s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, just before the American Revolutionary War, and tells the story of nineteen-year-old Harry Warrilow and his twenty-three-year-old sister, Sukey, who move their few possessions by hand cart to start their own farm on the Western Pennsylvania frontier. The plot features characters like Simon Girty, Arthur St. Clair, and Indian tribes such as the Shawnee and Lenape.

</doc>
<doc id="20330388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330388" title="Kenneth Davis">
Kenneth Davis

Kenneth Davis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20330396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330396" title="Anthon B Nilsen">
Anthon B Nilsen

Anthon B Nilsen AS is a Norwegian investment company. It was established by Anthon Bernhard Elias Nilsen in 1879 to export pulp and paper products and lumber. His sons Reidar and Gunnar Holst took over in the 1930s, and ultimately established the Reidar and Gunnar Holst Foundation in 1973 to assure long-term ownership. In 2000, Nicolai H. Løvenskiold and Peder Chr. Løvenskiold bought 25% of the shares each.
Company operations.
As of 2008 the company has invested in education, property, recycling and trade, with one subdivision for each field. Through its subdivision ABN Education ("Anthon B Nilsen Utdanning") it owns several private high school and college institutions in Norway, including the Norwegian School of Information Technology, NKI Fjernundervisning, the Nordic Institute of Stage and Studio, Westerdals School of Communication, Treider College and Bjørknes College. It owns two colleges in a foreign country; Berghs School of Communication and Medlearn in Sweden.
The recycling division ABN Recycling ("Anthon B Nilsen S.A.S.") has its main office in Paris, and has regional offices in Tofte, Boninne, London and Alzira, Valencia.
Negotiations.
In August 2007, ABN Property ("Anthon B Nilsen Eiendom"), came in the spotlight as the company CG Holding tried to buy the paper mill in Hurum, whose land and facilities were owned by ABN Property. The paper mill had previously been threatened with closure. Two weeks later, CG Holding penned a deal to buy the factory. The only remaining step was to negotiate the land rental with ABN Property. One week later, however, ABN had proposed an altered deal for land rental. CG Holding accused the new contract of being unreasonable. In the end, CG Holding did take over the factory, but decided to cease production the next year. With no particular plans for the production facilities, ABN announced that the factory would lie fallow for the time being.

</doc>
<doc id="20330403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330403" title="Türklər">
Türklər

Türklər may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20330409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330409" title="Helena Unierzyska">
Helena Unierzyska

Helena Unierzyska "née" Matejko (1867–1932), was a Polish painter and sculptor, daughter of Poland's national painter Jan Matejko and Teodora Giebułtowska. She is best remembered as the live model for a series of her father's symbolic portraits of girls, and less as an aspiring artist.
Biography.
During her infancy she lived with her parents in Krzesławice, the suburb of Kraków. She was very sickly when she was a child. Helena often assisted her father in his painting trips and in his daily studio sessions. On 24 June 1891 she married one of her father's students from the Academy of Fine Arts, painter Józef Unierzyski. Notably, her own mother wasn't happy with her life-choice and didn't attend the ceremony.<ref name=gazeta.pl/kraj /> After the wedding they went to live in Boleń, a village near Kraków. They had no children of their own, but she adopted children from the village. Helena was a patriot. She had helped Polish victims in World War I and was awarded the Cross of Independence by president Stanisław Wojciechowski in the interwar period.

</doc>
<doc id="20330416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330416" title="1977–78 KNVB Cup">
1977–78 KNVB Cup

The 60th edition of the KNVB Cup started on October 8, 1977. The final was played on May 5, 1978: AZ from Alkmaar (at the time called AZ'67) beat Ajax 1–0 and won the cup for the first time. During the quarter and semi-finals, two-legged matches were played.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on October 8 and 9, 1977.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on November 19 and 20, 1977. The Eredivisie clubs entered the tournament here.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played between December 21 and 26, 1977.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played on February 1 and March 15, 1978.
Semi-finals.
The semi-finals were played on March 30 and April 19, 1978.
Final.
AZ would participate in the Cup Winners' cup

</doc>
<doc id="20330423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330423" title="Ismail Khalidi">
Ismail Khalidi

Ismail Ragib Khalidi (13 November 1916 – 2 September 1968) was a senior political affairs officer for the United Nations Department of Political Affairs.
Khalidi was born in Jerusalem, then still part of the Ottoman Empire, on 13 November 1916. He was the brother of Husayin al-Khalidi, father of Rashid Khalidi and the grandfather of the American playwright, Ismail Khalidi (writer).
Khalidi attended St. George's School, Jerusalem and the Arab College (Jerusalem) (1927-1936). In 1939, he received his B.A.in political science from the American University of Beirut. He completed his studies in the United States, receiving an M.A. from the University of Michigan in 1940, and Ph.D. from Columbia University in 1955. 
His Ph.D. dissertation for Columbia became the book, "Constitutional Development in Libya," published in 1956, with an introduction by Adriaan Pelt. He also credits Charles Issawi and J. C. Hurewitz as having contributed to the creation of the book. At the time of publication, it was the first study conducted in English on the development of the Constitution of Libya (1951). 
Khalidi also served as the Assistant Editor, Middle East Desk, United States Office of War Information from 1942–44 and the Secretary of the Institute of the Arab American Affairs, from 1945-48. He was a member of the UN for 19 years, joining originally as a radio announcer. He died on 2 September 1968 at the age of 51 in Beirut, Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="20330435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330435" title="Abkhazian passport">
Abkhazian passport

The Abkhazian passport (; ) is issued to citizens of the Republic of Abkhazia for the purpose of international travel and for the purpose of legal identification within Abkhazia. As Abkhazia is only recognised by Russia, Venezuela, Nicaragua, Nauru, Vanuatu, and Tuvalu, for other destinations Abkhazians use Russian passports for international travel.
History.
Before the introduction of Abkhazian passports, Abkhazia still used Soviet Passports. These arrived in 1991 in Adjara, where they were not needed since Adjara and the rest of Georgia were introducing separate Georgian passports. They were then given by the Adjar leader Aslan Abashidze to the Abkhazian authorities, although it is not known how or when. People who could not obtain a Soviet passport, for example because they had not yet turned 16 when the Soviet Union disbanded or many of the inhabitants of the Gali District received a 'form no. 9', meant to certify a loss of passport.
The Soviet passports were set to expire in 2008, and so a new passport was needed. The issue of an Abkhazian passport was first discussed towards the end of the nineties. In May of 2000, Justice Minister Batal Tabagua announced that an order for empty passport forms placed with the Perm Goznak Manufacture had been cancelled by Russia's Ministry for Foreign Affairs. In 2003 finally passports were ordered from a private Turkish printing company, but the first shipment of 25,000 passports was intercepted and confiscated by Georgian authorities. The passports had been meant to be distributed before the 2004 Presidential election, but when the second batch arrived it became clear that the passports contained errors and so President Vladislav Ardzinba decided not to distribute them. After Sergei Bagapsh was elected to the presidency he decided not to waste the invested money and to introduce the passports in January 2006 despite the errors. The first passport was issued to former President Ardzinba, and the second passport posthumously to activist and academic Tamara Shakryl, who had been the only victim during the 2004 post-election crisis. President Bagapsh himself was the first person to regularly apply for an Abkhazian passport.
The Abkhazian government said in 2007 that once the distribution of passports was completed, it would be the only legal form of identification within Abkhazia. It was announced that from the beginning of 2008, citizens could no longer receive a Russian pension without an Abkhazian passport. Abkhazian passports will be the only possible form of legitimation for voters in the December 2009 Presidential election.
On 20 October 2009 it was announced that a new passport will be introduced with additional security features, so as to satisfy all international criteria. The new passports will be printed by the Russian state enterprise Goznak. The current design of passports is insufficiently secure for them to be used to cross the border with Russia. Abkhazia said it would start issuing passports to its citizens by the end of June 2010.
Number of people to hold an Abkhazian passport.
By February 2007, they had been issued to 33,000 people. This number subsequently rose to 45,000 in April, 53,000 in May, 63,000 in August, 110,000 in July 2008, 141,245 on 12 October 2009, 142,625 on 1 November. and 146,121 on 7 December.
On 7 December 2009, the ethnic break-down of passport holders was as follows:
Also, of the total number of passport holders, 9910 were under the age of 18, and 5759 lived outside Abkhazia.
Controversy.
The issuing of passports in the Gali District is a priority for the government in order to better integrate its inhabitants into the rest of Abkhazia, but it has been controversial for various reasons. It has been criticised by the Abkhazian opposition on the grounds that the large majority of inhabitants of the Gali District are Georgians who possess Georgian citizenship. The Abkhazian government has responded to this by pointing out that Abkhazian citizenship law does not allow for dual citizenship (except for dual Abkhazian-Russian citizenship) and that therefore, Georgian citizens first have to renounce their Georgian citizenship before obtaining Abkhazian passports. Georgia in turn has accused Abkhazia of forcing its citizens in the Gali District to renounce their citizenship and take up Abkhazian passports, but this is denied by the Abkhazian government.
The Abkhazian government has declared that as of 12 October 2009, 3522 residents of the Gali District had acquired an Abkhazian passport. In April 2013, Head of the Interior Ministry's Passport and Visa Service Beslan Bigvava declared that 16,096 Georgians had received an Abkhazian passport in Gali District, 6217 in Ochamchira District and 2453 in Tquarchal District.
Design.
The cover of the Abkhazian passport is dark green, it displays the coat of arms of Abkhazia with above it the short name of the country (Abkhazia) and below the word 'passport', both in Abkhaz and in Russian.

</doc>
<doc id="20330445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330445" title="Radford Army Ammunition Plant">
Radford Army Ammunition Plant

The primary mission of Radford Army Ammunition Plant (RFAAP) is to manufacture propellants and explosives in support of field artillery, air defense, tank, missile, aircraft and Navy weapons systems. RFAAP is currently operated by BAE Systems making it the sole supplier of TNT to the US Department of Defense.
On May 12, 2011, the Army announced that BAE Systems had won the "facilities use" contract to become the operator of the plant. BAE Systems also operates Holston Army Ammunition Plant in Kingsport, TN.
Capabilities.
Capabilities of the center include: manufacturing propellant, manufacturing explosives.
History.
RFAAP was established April 5, 1941 as Radford Ordnance Works and New River Plant. In 1945, the works was renamed Radford Arsenal and the New River Ordnance Works was assumed as a subpost until 1950, when it became an integral part of the Radford Arsenal. The arsenal was renamed Radford Ordnance Plant in 1961 and RFAAP in 1963.
In 1995, Alliant Techsystems, parent company ATK Armament Systems, obtained a “facilities use” contract. In 1999, RFAAP gained the load, assembly and pack mission with the closure of Joliet Army Ammunition Plant, Joliet, Ill.
At one time, the facility used an ALCO MRS-1 military diesel locomotive, road number B2072, for switching, but it was retired by the 1980s and was scrapped at Cycle Systems in Roanoke, Virginia c. 1993.
The RFAAP was listed #2 on the Mother Jones Top 20 polluters of 2010, releasing 12,006,602 pounds of nitrate compounds into the New River - one of Virginia's major waterways.
Facilities.
RFAAP is housed on with 1,038 buildings, 214 igloos and storage capacity of
657,003 square feet in rural Pulaski and Montgomery counties, near Radford, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20330447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330447" title="Ruth Kinuthia">
Ruth Kinuthia

Ruth Kinuthia is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Kenya in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She studied International Business Administration and has a degree in Law and International Computing.

</doc>
<doc id="20330456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330456" title="András Keresztúri">
András Keresztúri

András Keresztúri (born 2 November 1967) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre FC as striker.

</doc>
<doc id="20330460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330460" title="Qışlaq, Lachin">
Qışlaq, Lachin

Qışlaq, Lachin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20330477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330477" title="Qışlaq (39° 36' N 46° 43' E), Lachin">
Qışlaq (39° 36' N 46° 43' E), Lachin

Qışlaq (also, Kishlag, Ghshlagh, and Kyshlak) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330478" title="Paul Zsolnay Verlag">
Paul Zsolnay Verlag

Paul Zsolnay Verlag is an Austrian publishing company.
Overview.
The company was created in 1923 by Paul Zsolnay. It was the most successful publishing company during the interregnum period, publishing authors such as John Galsworthy, H.G. Wells, Pearl S. Buck, A.J. Cronin, Franz Werfel, Felix Salten, Robert Neumann, Roda Roda, Hilde Spiel, Ernst Lothar, Hans Kaltneker, Friedrich Torberg, Leo Perutz, Heinrich Mann, Kasimir Edschmid, Carl Sternheim, Emil Ludwig, Walter von Molo, and Frank Thiess.
In 1934, Paul Zsolnay started publishing Nazi writers after many of his erstwhile writers had been censored; however, by April 1939, the Gestapo closed down the company. Meanwhile, Paul Zsolnay lived in England from 1938 to 1946. During the Second World War, the company was taken over by Karl H. Bischoff Verlag.

</doc>
<doc id="20330488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330488" title="Qışlaq, Lachin Rayon">
Qışlaq, Lachin Rayon

Qışlaq (also, Kishlag, Ghshlagh, and Kyshlak) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330497" title="Joe Rollins">
Joe Rollins

Joseph Guy Rollins, Jr. (April 21, 1918 – November 2, 2008), known as Joe Rollins, was a prominent Texas attorney and civic leader, perhaps best known for his successful fight against a lawsuit in regard to cost overruns and construction delays in the establishment of what became Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston.
The plaintiff, R.F. Ball Construction Company of San Antonio, protested that Houston municipal officials, the defendants represented by then assistant city attorney Rollins, made four hundred design changes for the airport terminals and caused the firm and its subcontractors serious losses. The airport opened in June 1969, more than two years behind schedule. Ball Construction maintained that the city-mandated changes increased construction costs from approximately $17 million to $28 million. The trial court ruled in favor of Ball Construction, but the judge reduced the requested $8 million in damages to $5.1 million. The 14th Court of Appeals unanimously reversed that ruling, and the Texas Supreme Court concurred with the appeals court.
Early years, education, military.
Rollins was born to Joseph Guy Rollins and the former Ethel Stratton in Merit in Hunt County near Dallas at the home of his maternal grandparents, Robert B. Stratton and the former Julia Hardy. Rollins graduated from Thomas Jefferson High School in San Antonio. In 1938, he completed his bachelor's degree at Texas A&M University in College Station. He thereafter earned his law degree in 1941 from Southern Methodist University in Dallas.
During World War II, Rollins enlisted in the United States Navy even before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. From 1943–1945, he was the commanding officer of the "U.S.S. Curlew AM 69". In October 1943, he directed a group of minesweepers that successfully cleared the Caribbean entrance to the Panama Canal of German submarine-laid naval mines which had shut down the waterway for two critical weeks of the war. Rollins received a Letter of Commendation for his "fine seamanship under difficult conditions". After the war, Rollins was active in the Naval Reserve for eleven years and was commanding officer of the Reserve Electronics Unit in Sherman in north Texas.
Legal career.
Rollins initially practiced law in Denison, Sherman, and then Whitesboro in Grayson County. He relocated to Austin in 1957 to join the staff of the Texas Attorney General (1957–1963) William "Will" Wilson. Assigned to the highway division, Rollins tried numerous eminent domain cases in order to acquire right-of-way for the construction of the Eisenhower interstate highway system in Texas.
In 1961 he moved to Houston to join the staff of the city attorney where he became senior assistant attorney and chief of the litigation section. He represented Houston police in numerous suits, many of a civil rights nature, against the department. Not once did Rollins lose a case representing a police officer.The officers accordingly awarded him a plaque of appreciation for his work.
On retirement from the city of Houston in 1979, Rollins joined the law firm of Olson & Olson, from which he retired in 1997. He became a volunteer instructor in the English-as-a-second-language program of Memorial Assistance Ministries. He also tutored in the bilingual education program at Spring Branch Elementary School. Rollins was fluent in Spanish, French, and German. He was a scholar of languages and history, particularly the American Civil War, World War I, World War II, and Europe.
Later years.
In 2004 Rollins and his wife, the Dallas native, Sarah-Finch Maiden Rollins, known as Skippy Rollins, moved to Boulder, Colorado. He died there four years later. In addition to his wife of sixty-four years, he was survived by a son, Guy Rollins (born March 15, 1946) of Wimberley in Hays County near San Marcos, Texas; two daughters, Sally Sodal of Boulder and Edna Gary Thomas of Doha, Qatar. A memorial service was held on November 15 at his church of membership, St. Paul's United Methodist Church, in Boulder. While in Houston, the Rollinses had been active in the Chapelwood United Methodist Church.
Rollins was affiliated with some twenty organizations, the American, Gulf Coast, and Boulder Mensa International societies, Masonic lodge, Knights of Pythias, Veterans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion, Sons of Confederate Veterans, Military Order of the Stars and Bars (descendants of commissioned officers of the Confederate Army), Sons of the American Revolution, Society of Descendants of Washington's Army at Valley Forge, the Magna Carta Barons, Colonial Order of the Crown, Lambda Chi Alpha social fraternity, Delta Theta Phi law fraternity, the Houston and Texas bar associations, and in later years was agent for the TAMU Class of 1938.
Rollins wrote the book, "Aggies, Y'All Caught That Dam'Ol' Rat Yet?", a humorous account of his experiences as a freshman at Texas A&M.

</doc>
<doc id="20330505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330505" title="Scranton Army Ammunition Plant">
Scranton Army Ammunition Plant

The mission of the Scranton Army Ammunition Plant (SCAAP) is to manufacture 105 mm and 155 mm-diameter projectile bodies, including the M795, 120 mm family of projectiles, M107, M804, M485, MK64-2, and the M110.
Capabilities.
Capabilities of the center include: manufacturing ammunition metal parts; producing 60 mm to projectiles; 120 mm mortar facility; 5-inch/54 gun projectiles; 155 mm artillery projectiles; machining; forge presses; finishing and testing. 
History.
SCAAP was established in 1951, housed in a building that was originally constructed as a steam locomotive erecting and repair facility in 1910. Selected buildings at the plant are included in the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad Yard-Dickson Manufacturing Co. Site and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
Facilities.
SCAAP is housed on with seven buildings and storage capacity of .

</doc>
<doc id="20330517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330517" title="Ings, Cumbria">
Ings, Cumbria

Ings is a village in the South Lakeland district of Cumbria, England. It lies on the course on the River Gowan and A591 road, to the east of the lake, Windermere.
Historically a part of Westmorland, Ings' most notable landmark is its parish church, the Church of St Ann.

</doc>
<doc id="20330523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330523" title="Crane Merchandising Systems">
Crane Merchandising Systems

Crane Merchandising Systems, or CMS, is a designer and manufacturer of vending machines. Crane manufactures models sold under such brand names as National Vendors, Automatic Products, GPL, Dixie-Narco, and Stentorfield. Their manufacturing facility is located in Williston, South Carolina, United States.
History.
Establishment.
Crane Merchandising Systems was founded in 1926 by B. E. Fry, a St. Louis businessman, as the "National Sales Machine Company." Fry invented a more foolproof vending machine that would only accept coins, unlike older machines, such as the "Smoketeria", a cigarette vending machine, which would accept things such as flat buttons and cardboard discs.
The Great Depression.
By 1931, National Sales Machine Company was a well established business, manufacturing a variety of merchandisers for various food products. However, The Great Depression proved to much for the company, and it went under in 1932. Soon thereafter, in the spring of 1933, Fry's son, B. W. Fry, reopened the company as National Vendors, Inc. In 1934, Al Diederich joined B. W. Fry in National Vendors, giving it the administrative strength it would need to grow during the tumultuous 30s and 40s.
World War II - 1960s.
During World War II, National Vendors took part in the war effort by producing mortar ammunitions casings. After the war, the company returned to the demand for convenient cigarette, candy and pastry vendors. In 1956, National Vendors was acquired by the Universal Match Company, allowing National Vendors to introduce several new products. In 1967, National Vendors introduced its first full line of automatic merchandising equipment. CMS was acquired by Crane Corporation in 1985, and became Crane National Vendors.
Present Day.
The company unveiled a new product line in April 2012 featuring machines offering integrated cashless payment, wired and wireless network access, and a modern user interface. Brad Ellis, the company's president, is also chairman of the National Automatic Merchandising Association, the trade association for the vending machine industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20330529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330529" title="Choi Bo-in">
Choi Bo-in

Choi Bo-in is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Korea in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She studied International Studies at the Ewha Womans University.

</doc>
<doc id="20330537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330537" title="Gerard Musante">
Gerard Musante

Dr. Gerard John Musante (born 1943) is an American psychologist born in New York City. He was the first to combine psychology, behavioral modification and a restricted calorie diet to obtain verifiable and documented long-term weight loss results. He is the author of the book "The Structure House Weight Loss Plan: Achieve Your Ideal Weight Through a New Relationship with Food", printed by Simon and Schuster.
In 1977, Musante founded the weight loss institute Structure House Inc. as an on-site residential weight loss center in Durham, NC. Over the past 30 years, Structure House has helped 30,000 people lose a combined weight of more than 636,000 pounds In 2007, Structure House was purchased by the CRC Health Group, the largest provider of specialized behavioral health care services in the United States;. Musante remains the director of the program.
In a radio interview on the subject, Musante explained how his breakthrough came during a Clinical Psychology internship at Duke University when he discovered that patients who only followed a restricted intake of calories (diet) didn’t always have success. He experimented by pairing a diet with a psychological approach, and behavior modification during clinical sessions. During these sessions, he discovered that a patient’s relationship with food—their behavior in actually dealing with food could be altered.
Structure House has been featured on The Today Show, The New York Times, Associated Press, 60 Minutes, Glamour Magazine, the Wall Street Journal, CNN, Fox & Friends, and USA TODAY. Musante has also contributed to and helped to publish over 30 papers and given numerous talks on the subject. In 2006, he appeared as an expert in front of a 2006 congressional panel holding hearings on a bill designed to combat obesity in America.
Musante is a Consulting Professor on the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences Duke University Medical Center Durham, North Carolina as well as a Diplomate, American Board of Professional Psychology in Clinical Psychology and a Fellow at the Academy of Clinical Psychology and Behavior Therapy and Research Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20330539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330539" title="Invershin">
Invershin

Invershin () is a scattered village six miles south of Lairg in south Sutherland in the Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
Invershin is located close to the junction of the River Shin and the River Oykel.

</doc>
<doc id="20330545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330545" title="Carrico">
Carrico

Carrico is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20330547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330547" title="György Tóth">
György Tóth

György Tóth (24 April 1915 - 27 September 1994) was a formerHungarian footballer who played for Salgótarjáni SE, Szeged FC, Gamma FC, Újpest FC and MTK as a goalkeeper.
He coached the Mali national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20330554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330554" title="FS Class 737">
FS Class 737

The Ferrovie dello Stato (Italian State Railways, FS) Class 737 (Italian: "Gruppo 737") consisted of 15 ex-British War Department locomotives of the Stanier Class 8F type purchased in 1946.
The first eight engines, (eventually FS Numbers 737.001-8) were built to WD orders between 1940 and 1942. The remaining seven (eventually FS Numbers 737.009-15) had been requisitioned by the War Department in 1941 from the London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) - these had been built in 1936 by the Vulcan Foundry. All were then shipped to the Middle East, with several more classmates, where they served in Persia and were numbered in the Persian series. In 1944, 50 of the Persian engines were transferred to Kingdom of Egypt/Mandate Palestine, where they were again renumbered into the 93xx series. Later WD numbers were original numbers plus +70000, and in 1946 FS bought fifteen of these.
Numbers were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20330561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330561" title="Splint boots">
Splint boots

Brushing boots or splint boots are used to protect a horse's legs during exercise, protecting the lower leg from injury that may occur if one leg or hoof strikes the opposite leg. They are commonly seen on horses in fast work, such as jumping, when in training, such as when longeing, or in competitions such as reining or eventing. Brushing injuries are more common on the forelegs, when one hoof catches the other leg, or when the fetlock or cannon bones hit each other. This can cause a serious injury on a horse's legs, especially if the horse is wearing shoes. Poor equine conformation can often lead to brushing, although even properly-conformed horses can also accidentally injure themselves. Brushing boots may also be placed on horses in the field to protect them if they get overly excited. Other reasons for use may include placement on a young or unfit horse which may be excitable and step on itself, or on horses subject to intense work that may stumble more if they are tired.
Materials & Structure.
Modern brushing boots are usually made of synthetic materials such as Neoprene or traditional materials such as leather. They usually attach by a wide velcro fastening which is pulled around the leg, although they can also be pushed through a ring and be fastened back upon themselves, making them more secure and less likely to slip during exercise. They can have between 1 and 5 straps, with front leg boots usually having more straps. Some boots may have buckles, especially older designs. They have a protective padded area on the side of the boot which is on the inside of the horses leg, protecting the cannon bone and fetlock. 
They are made in a wide variety of colors and of varying styles.
Fitting and use.
The boot is usually placed onto the horse with the straps facing towards the rear on the outside of the leg, unless the attachment design mandates a different placement. To ensure there is even pressure around the leg when putting the boot on, they are fastened middle strap first, then the others. Boots that are too tight can cause discomfort and pressure injuries, but those that are too loose may become dislodged or come off entirely. 
Incorrectly fitting boots will be uncomfortable for the horse and can cause rubbing and soreness, as well as impeding your horses movement. Sizing varies in different nations, but generally there are three to four size ranges for ponies, small or young horses, and large horses.
Brushing boots are not to be worn for long periods as they can become uncomfortable for the horse, especially if the boots get wet or dirty which may cause irritation and sores.
Care.
Boots made of synthetic materials are generally machine-washable. Leather boots are cleaned in the same manner as other leather horse tack, using saddle soap and similar products. Boots that are washed need to be fully dry before storage or reuse. Between uses, boots that are not washed are checked for accumulations of small stones or dirt which may irritate a horse's legs.

</doc>
<doc id="20330579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330579" title="Anthon B. Nilsen">
Anthon B. Nilsen

Anthon Bernhard Elias Nilsen (1855–1936) was a Norwegian businessman and politician for the Conservative Party. He also wrote novels, under the pseudonym Elias Kræmmer.
He was born in Svelvik. A small town, Svelvik nonetheless played an important role, being the nearest port of the larger town Drammen when the Drammensfjord inlet was frozen over during the winter. Nilsen later moved to Drammen, and in 1879 he established a company to export pulp and paper products as well as lumber. The company, named Anth. B. Nilsen & Co from 1912, was taken over by his sons in the 1930s. It still exists today, under the name Anthon B Nilsen AS. Mainly emphasizing investment, it owns several Norwegian colleges.
Anthon Nilsen also lived in Fredrikstad for many years. He came to the city in 1877 to work as manager of "Fredrikstad Dampsag" (Fredrikstad sawmill), but also co-founded the newspaper "Fredriksstad Blad", which still exists today. Nilsen was elected from Fredrikstad to the Norwegian Parliament in 1895, but served only one term. He was also active in local politics. He left Fredrikstad in 1901, and later lived at Larkollen and Jeløya.
Under the pseudonym Elias Kræmmer, Nilsen had a sizeable literary production. His debut came in 1894 with "Glade Borgere", a collection of small town depictions. He was not acknowledged for high literary quality, but nonetheless became popular for his humour. Later books include the novels "Sigurd Seiersborg" (1920), "Fyrgangen" (1923), "Bølgerne ruller" (1925), "Asylet" (1928), "Evensen" (1930), "Elias Kræmmers oplevelser" (1932), "Glade ungdom" (1933) and "Paa livets høislette" (1934). One of his plays, written in 1912, was staged at the National Theatre. Nilsen also published a collection of poetry in 1919 under his real name.
A bust of Nilsen was raised in Svelvik in 1955. A street in Fredrikstad has been named after Elias Kræmmer.

</doc>
<doc id="20330581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330581" title="1996 Paris Open – Singles">
1996 Paris Open – Singles

Pete Sampras was the defending champion but lost in the second round to Marc Rosset.
Thomas Enqvist won in the final 6–2, 6–4, 7–5 against Yevgeny Kafelnikov.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. All sixteen seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20330584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330584" title="Crane Army Ammunition Activity">
Crane Army Ammunition Activity

Crane Army Ammunition Activity (CAAA) stores, receives, produces and demilitarizes conventional ammunition. It also designs, develops and improves ordnance components and processes.
Capabilities.
Capabilities of the center include: munitions and manufacturing; demilitarization; munitions and munitions-related maintenance and renovation; remote operations and environmental testing; logistics support; machine shop; chemical laboratory; and engineering.
History.
CAAA was established in 1977 as a tenant on Naval Support Activity Crane (established in 1941 as Crane Naval Ammunition Depot) to implement the “single manager for conventional ammunition” concept. In October 1999, command and control of Letterkenny Munitions Center transferred to CAAA.
Facilities.
The facilities at CAAA include 209 production buildings, a machine shop, 1,800 storage buildings for both explosive and inert ammunition with a total capacity of , an demolition range and of ammunition burning grounds.
BRAC 2005.
CAAA will gain the detonator, relays and delays workload from Kansas Army Ammunition Plant. It will also gain the demolition charges workload from Lone Star Army Ammunition Plant. Both of these facilities are closing due to BRAC 2005. CAAA will also gain the ammunition demilitarization function from Sierra Army Depot which is realigning due to BRAC 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20330604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330604" title="Robert La Tourneaux">
Robert La Tourneaux

Robert La Tourneaux (1945 – 3 June 1986) was an American actor best known for his role of Cowboy, the good-natured but dim hustler hired as a birthday present for a gay man, in the original Off-Broadway production and 1970 film version of "The Boys in the Band".
Biography.
La Tourneaux made his Broadway theatre debut in the 1967 musical "Illya Darling". In 1968, he was part of the ensemble for Mart Crowley’s play "The Boys in the Band", which opened on April 14, 1968 at Theater Four in New York City. The advertisement for the film version used head shots of Leonard Frey and La Tourneaux, with La Tourneaux identified as the "present" for Frey’s birthday-celebrating character. Many newspapers refused to run the advertisement.
La Tourneaux’s career stalled after the film version of "The Boys in the Band" was released. His only other film performances were a supporting part in the Roger Corman film "Von Richthofen and Brown" (1971) and the independent film "Pilgrimage". He also had a small role in a 1974 made-for-television version of the Maxim Gorky play "Enemies".
On stage, La Tourneaux appeared in a small role in a Broadway revival of "The Merchant of Venice"; he was slated to appear in the 1977 Broadway production of Tennessee Williams’ "Vieux Carré", but was dropped from the cast prior to the show’s opening.
The openly gay La Tourneaux initially blamed his being typecast as a gay hustler for his inability to receive worthwhile roles, stating in a 1973 interview, ""Boys" was the kiss of death for me.” In the 1978 anthology "Quentin Crisp’s Book of Quotations", La Tourneaux compared his career to another gay actor by saying, "Charles Laughton played every kind of part, but never a homosexual. People knew he was gay, but his public image included a wife never betrayed his public reality. So he was safe. I wasn’t safe."
Unable to secure work as an actor La Tourneaux began nude modeling in gay men's magazines and in 1978 performed nude in a one-man cabaret act at the Ramrod, a New York City theater showing gay pornography films. He eventually became a prostitute.
He also gave an interview to a gay magazine naming his famous married closeted bisexual lovers, alleging one of them to have been Academy award-winning actor Christopher Walken. He also accused Walken of having an affair with another married actor, Robert Wagner, on the night of actress Natalie Wood's (Wagner's wife) unexplained death. In 1983, La Tourneaux was arrested for assault after trying to extract money from a client and incarcerated at the Rikers Island prison. While in prison, La Torneaux attempted suicide.
In the early 1980s, La Tourneaux contracted AIDS, and received news coverage when he sought legal channels to prevent being evicted from his apartment when his landlord objected to the presence of a live-in caregiver. La Tourneaux won the court case, but died in Metropolitan Hospital on June 3, 1986. "Boys" co-star Cliff Gorman and his wife cared for him during his illness until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20330607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330607" title="Ina Avlasēviča">
Ina Avlasēviča

Ina Avlasēviča is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Latvia in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She studied pedagogy and psychology at the University of Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="20330617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330617" title="The Candy Butcher's Farewell">
The Candy Butcher's Farewell

"The Candy Butcher's Farewell" is a novel by the American writer Lester Goran set in the 1930s and 1940s in a small town near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and in Atlantic City, New Jersey 
It tells the story of Henry Sneffer Jr., who after his mother dies goes to live with his Uncle Jonas, a slum lord, near Pittsburgh, where he endures his adolescence. Eventually he goes off on a quest for his father which leads him to the burlesque shows of Atlantic City.

</doc>
<doc id="20330627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330627" title="Danish national road 21">
Danish national road 21

Danish national road 21 is a road going from Copenhagen, Denmark to Randers, Denmark.
it starts at in Copenhagen as a motorway and turns into a expressway west of Holbæk, to end in Randers close to .
Expressway begins
Expressway ends

</doc>
<doc id="20330630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330630" title="Distort (disambiguation)">
Distort (disambiguation)

To distort is to alter the original shape of an object, image, sound, waveform or other form of information or representation.
Distort may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20330635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330635" title="Fort Frontenac Library">
Fort Frontenac Library

The Fort Frontenac Library, located within the Canadian Land Forces Command and Staff College, Fort Frontenac, Kingston, Ontario, is the main research library for the Canadian Army. Established in 1947 this library is one of the oldest collections of volumes, monographs, documents, and artifacts dedicated to the study of conflict and land warfare in the Canadian context. The Fort Frontenac Library assists the army's advanced officer development programs as well as its research and development communities across the country. The current director of the library is Major Andrew Godefroy, and the current acting Chief Librarian is Mr. David Willis.
Origins.
Created in 1947, the Canadian Army Staff College (CASC) library was designed to function separately from the Royal Military College of Canada Library, with which it was initially colocated on the college grounds. The CASC library was initially designed to serve the needs of the National Defence College (NDC), while the RMC library served the needs of cadets and faculty. The CASC library was headed by Lieutenant Colonel T.F. Gelley. In 1942, when the Canadian Junior War Staff Course was transferred from England to Canada the initial CASC collection consisted of some 300 books and reports which had been brought over from England. By 1947, the collection consisted of roughly 2100 volumes, which included academic books, technical material, doctrinal and training manuals, popular military texts, and even novels. These donations came from a wide variety of sources, including the Canadian Army overseas, the YMCA, the Royal Military College of Canada, as well as individual officers and soldiers.
In December 1947, the Canadian Army Staff College moved from the Royal Military College to current quarters on the grounds of Fort Frontenac. The CASC library transferred and renamed the Fort Frontenac Library. From that point, the library was designed to meet the research needs of the staff and students of both the National Defence College and the Canadian Army Staff College. The collection consists of books and reports in the fields of military science, international relations, government, politics, and economics.
Expansion.
Between 1950 and 1994 the library was expanded and evolved significantly. Its core collection grew to include a significant holding of volumes on politics, economics, strategic studies, international relations, and military history, a reflection of its association with the internationally focused NDC courses. As well, the collection benefited from several important donations from foreign students and Canadian Army officers. Its relationship with the NDC and the army staff courses allowed for the creation of unique collection focused on land forces and land warfare studies.
Post Cold War era.
The end of the Cold War saw a significant reorientation of the Canadian Forces, which affected all of its organizations including its education and training systems. Several legacy establishments were closed including the NDC, which graduated its last class in 1994. With this closure, the future of the Fort Frontenac Library became tenuous. Oversight and direction of the library initially returned to the Canadian Land Forces Command and Staff College, but in the late 1990s its supervision was again transferred to the Land Forces Doctrine and Training System. Responsibility for the library moved again in 2003, this time to the Directorate of Army Doctrine.
New mandate.
In 2006 the library received a new mandate to directly support research and development associated with ongoing army capability development. Under the supervision of the Directorate of Land Concepts and Designs (DLCD) with development and operations overseen by Major Andrew Godefroy, the library has recently refocused its efforts on the accession of both old and new volumes on land warfare, as well as the development of a number of special collections unique to the Canadian Army.

</doc>
<doc id="20330638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330638" title="Ricardo Manuel Cardoso Martins">
Ricardo Manuel Cardoso Martins

Ricardo Manuel Cardoso Martins (born 24 January 1990 in Puerto la Cruz, Venezuela) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Deportivo Anzoátegui as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20330654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330654" title="Heleobia stagnorum">
Heleobia stagnorum

Heleobia stagnorum is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Cochliopidae.
The exact classification of this species on a generic level is uncertain. Giusti & Pezzoli in 1984 moved it to "Heleobia". Previously the species was placed in several different genera: "Hydrobia", "Semisalsa", "Ventrosia", "Heleobia" and "Ecrobia" Stimpson, 1865.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20330656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330656" title="Blue Flyer">
Blue Flyer

Blue Flyer (formerly Zipper Dipper and Warburtons Milk Roll-A-Coaster) is a Wooden roller coaster at Nickelodeon Land, Blackpool Pleasure Beach in Blackpool, England. It was built in 1934. It is believed to have been built by Charlie Paige. It is a family coaster. 
Blue Flyer operates with one train, which was built by Philadelphia Toboggan Coasters. The train is made up of 5 cars, each car seats 4 people in 2 rows, each row seating 2 people, making for a total of 20 people in the train. 
Blue Flyer is an ACE Coaster Classic. 
Pleasure Beach Resort closed Beaver Creek's Children Park in Autumn 2010. Zipper Dipper was rethemed and was transformed into Blue Flyer with the opening of Nickelodeon Land on 4 May 2011.
The Ride.
Blue Flyer begins with a lift hill to the ride's highest height of 25 ft, the ride then travels over two small hills and into a tunnel, located inside the a vacant building. The ride exits the tunnel and travels along a slight decline before entering the brakes section and rolling into the station.
Sponsorship.
Blue Flyer was briefly sponsored by Warburtons, and was known as the Warburtons Milk Roll-a-coaster, although all signage still read Zipper Dipper for the duration of the sponsorship as that was the ride's name before Nickelodeon Land.

</doc>
<doc id="20330682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330682" title="McAlester Army Ammunition Plant">
McAlester Army Ammunition Plant

McAlester Army Ammunition Plant (MCAAP) is a weapons manufacturing facility in McAlester, Oklahoma. Its mission is to produce and renovate conventional ammunition and ammunition related components. The plant stores war reserve and training ammunition. McAlester performs manufacturing, industrial engineering and production product assurance. The plant also receives, demilitarizes and disposes of conventional ammunition components. The plant is government-owned and government-operated. It is located in Pittsburg County, Oklahoma, southwest of the city of McAlester.
Capabilities.
Capabilities of the center include: manufacturing; logistics support; demilitarization/disposal; training support; safety and environmental protection; research and development;and renovation.
History.
MCAAP was established May 20, 1943 as the McAlester Naval Depot. It became part of the
army’s Single Manager for Conventional Ammunition in 1977. It acquired Red River Munitions Center in 1999. MCAAP will be acquiring additional workload as a result of Base Realignment and Closure 2005. From Kansas Army Ammunition Plant, it will acquire the Sensor Fuzed Weapon and missile warhead production. From Red River Munitions Center, Lone Star Army Ammunition Plant, and Sierra Army Depot, it will acquire demilitarization, storage and maintenance functions.
Facilities.
MCAAP is housed on with 2,891 buildings, 2,426 igloos and storage capacity of .
An article in the February 24, 2011 issue of the "Army Times" announced that a ceremony was to be held to mark the opening of a new $17-million dollar, armed forces reserve center for reserve component units, replacing old reserve centers and national guard armories in various locations that have been or are being converted to community centers or municipal buildings.[http://www.armytimes.com/news/2011/02/ap-ceremony-planned-for-oklahoma-military-facility-022411/] According to the article, "The McAlester facility has offices, classrooms, workout facilities, kitchens and a 25,000-square-foot motor pool."

</doc>
<doc id="20330711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330711" title="Distorted (disambiguation)">
Distorted (disambiguation)

Distorted is a progressive deathdoom metal band from Bat-Yam in Israel.
Distorted may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20330726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330726" title="Inverinate">
Inverinate

Inverinate () is a small village on the north shore of Loch Duich in Kyle of Lochalsh, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
History.
A prominent branch of the Clan Macrae were based for several centuries at Inverinate. They were loyal followers of the Earls of Seaforth and included Chamberlains of Kintail, castellans of Eilean Donan, clergymen and poets (such as Donnchadh MacRath).

</doc>
<doc id="20330732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330732" title="Permanent Representative of Croatia to the United Nations">
Permanent Representative of Croatia to the United Nations

The Permanent Representative of Croatia to the United Nations is Croatia's foremost diplomatic representative to the United Nations. The position of permanent representative holds the equivalent rank to that of an ambassador and is appointed by President of Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="20330751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330751" title="Ismail Khalidi (writer)">
Ismail Khalidi (writer)

Ismail Khalidi is a Palestinian American playwright, poet, and actor, best known for the plays "Tennis in Nablus" (2010) and "Truth Serum Blues" (2005). "Tennis in Nablus" received two graduate student Kennedy Center Honors in 2008 while he was still at NYU, the "Mark Twain Comedy Playwriting Award" and the "Quest for Peace Playwriting Award."
Background.
Khalidi was born in Beirut, Lebanon and grew up in Chicago, Illinois. He is the son of Rashid Khalidi and the grandson of Ismail Khalidi. Khalidi received his B.A. from Macalester College in 2005 and his M.F.A. in Dramatic Writing from Tisch School of the Arts, New York University in 2009. Khalidi's MFA thesis play is titled, "Final Status."
Career.
His first production (co-created with Bassam Jarbawi) "Truth Serum Blues," debuted in 2005 at the Pangea World Theater in Minneapolis where he was also an actor and writer in residence. His award winning play "Tennis in Nablus" had its theatrical debut at the Alliance Theatre in 2010.
Khalidi has published works of poetry in "Mizna:Prose, Poetry, and Art Exploring Arab America," and has written for "The Atlanta Journal-Constitution," " The Nation", "Times Union (Albany)", "The Daily Beast," and the "The Electronic Intifada."

</doc>
<doc id="20330770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330770" title="Drino">
Drino

The Drino or Drinos (, ) is a river in southern Albania and northwestern Greece, tributary of the Vjosë. Its source is in the northwestern part of the Ioannina regional unit, near the village Delvinaki. It flows initially southwest, then northwest and crosses the Albanian border near Ktismata. It continues northwest through Gjirokastër and flows into the Vjosë near Tepelenë. 

</doc>
<doc id="20330797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330797" title="East Leeds Family Learning Centre">
East Leeds Family Learning Centre

East Leeds Family Learning Centre was a large Adult Education Centre in Seacroft, Leeds, England. The buildings were originally used as a secondary school, Foxwood School. The school is notable for its use for filming "The Beiderbecke Trilogy" between 1984 and 1988. Demolition of the buildings began in December 2009 and was completed early in 2010.
History.
The centre was in the buildings of the former Foxwood School, later East Leeds High School. The school originally opened as an all-boys school, but changed in September 1971 to a mixed gender school. The David Young Academy is now the largest school in Seacroft and effectively replaced East Leeds High School. 
Pupils from the Seacroft area often attend John Smeaton Community College, Wetherby High School, Boston Spa School and Garforth Community College the latter three which are served by school bus routes operated by the West Yorkshire Passenger Transport Executive.
Use in Television.
The buildings were most notable for their use as 'San Quentin High', in the Yorkshire Television programmes "The Beiderbecke Affair", "The Beiderbecke Tapes" and "The Beiderbecke Connection". The shots used of the staff room and hall in the "Beiderbecke Tapes" were in fact that of Moor Grange County Secondary School in Ireland Wood. The series often made reference to the run-down nature of the fictional inner-city school (the actual name of which is never revealed), reflecting the poor state of conditions the buildings were in in the later decades of their use.
Demolition.
The buildings were in a somewhat derelict state, built six storeys high at their tallest and set around a central courtyard. Much of the building surfaces were glazed, providing natural light throughout the corridors, which largely ran along the edge of buildings, a feature Yorkshire Television exploited for filming.
Demolition began on the northern sections of the building in December 2009, following a decision by Leeds City Council that the building was unfit for purpose and uneconomic to repair.
No plans have as yet being put forward for the redevelopment of the site. Many prefabriated 'Cedarwood' houses in the area are abandoned and likely to be demolished in the near future raising the possibility that the site may be redeveloped as part of a wider scheme.
Former Staff.
Former Labour MP Colin Burgon (for neighbouring Elmet Constituency between 1997 and 2010) was a history teacher at the school and grew up in neighbouring Gipton.

</doc>
<doc id="20330798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330798" title="Cutie Honey a Go Go!">
Cutie Honey a Go Go!

Plot.
In this version of the tale Aki Natsuko, more commonly known as Na-chan, is a squad leader for the public safety bureau and her subordinates live in fear of her. Her suit-wearing, chain smoking, gun wielding, impatient personality keeps her workers in their place.
The story begins, as it does in so many of the other Cutie Honey adaptations, as the evil Sister Jill and her Panther Claw gang have invaded the city. It is only the timely appearance of Cutie Honey that saves the city from total destruction. Natsuko throws herself into the mêlée, machine gun in hand.
When Butterfly Claw has been defeated, Natsuko takes it upon herself to arrest Honey for disturbing the peace.
The second time the Panther Claw attacks, Natsuko is all over it. She's also right there with the handcuffs for Honey, who cheerfully goes along with her. 
After she's released for the second time, Honey (in disguise) brings Natsuko back to her father's lab, and all the typical Honey elements are explained. Prof. Kisaragi asks Natsuko to befriend Honey and help her become more human. When Natsuko arrives home that night, she finds that Honey has come to live with her. 
In Volume 2, Honey and Natsuko learn that bizarre things are occurring at St. Chapel Jogakuen. So Natsuko signs up as a teacher and Honey as a student and they head off to this mysterious and strict private girl's school. They are met by Miharu, a sadistic teacher who takes an instant dislike to Honey.
Honey's roommate, Ayumu, is a good student and very nice person. But when Miharu can't catch Honey during her nightly transgressions or punish Natsuko, she targets Ayumu. Honey appears to be stalked by a dark, large and very gloomy upperclassman, who ultimately turns out to be in love with Ayumu. She blames Honey for Ayumu's troubles, and attacks her, but when the Panther Claw attacks the school, she backs off and lets Honey stop Spider Claw. 
At the end of the story, Sister Jill names four new top Claws - Black, Gold, Cobalt, and Scarlet. Honey's father is killed, Natsuko vows to protect Honey, and Honey vows to fight to the bitter end to stop Sister Jill. The book ends, promising to continue the story in the next volume - which never happens.

</doc>
<doc id="20330850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330850" title="The Best of The Stylistics">
The Best of The Stylistics

The Best of The Stylistics was a compilation album released by US Soul group The Stylistics.
Released in 1975, the album became a big success in the UK when it reached No.1. Hitting the pinnacle three times during the year, the album remained at No.1 for 9 weeks in total. Helped largely by TV advertising, it became the biggest album of the group's career and the UK's top seller of 1975. It also reached No.41 in the US - although their popularity was beginning to decline there. 
Following its success, several albums entered the charts including their latest, "Thank You Baby", which reached No.5 at the same time the compilation was No.1.
Another version of the album ("The Very Best of The Stylistics") with the same cover but with an alternate track listing was released by H & L Rrecords (Phonogram) in 1983. The album has since been released on CD as a compilation of this and Volume two.
The Best of the Stylistics Volume II.
A follow-up compilation was released the following year, subtitled Volume 2. The 1976 album mirrored the earlier success by also reaching No.1 in the UK Charts. This album featured the group's first No.1 single "Can't Give You Anything (But My Love)", which had been released since the previous compilation.
This album was released on the newly founded H&L Records, which had been formed after the break-up of Avco Records, The Stylistics being their biggest act.

</doc>
<doc id="20330856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330856" title="Nieuport-Delage NiD 30">
Nieuport-Delage NiD 30

__NOTOC__
The Nieuport-Delage NiD 30 was a French airliner which entered service in 1920. It was a conventional biplane design with an enclosed cabin that seated four passengers and an open cockpit for the pilot. Provision was also made for a wireless transmitter, receiver, and operator. Seven examples were operated by "Compagnie Générale Transaérienne" on its Paris–London route on twice-daily return services.
Following the loss of one of these machines in thick fog over the Channel on 27 April 1920, the remaining NiD-30s were fitted with an early audible guidance system. However, after a number of further accidents, these were withdrawn from service in February 1921.
A larger, six-passenger variant with sesquiplane wings was developed as the NiD 30T2 and displayed at the 1921 "Salon de l'Aéronautique", but this was not produced when testing revealed problems with the design.

</doc>
<doc id="20330878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330878" title="Inchree">
Inchree

Inchree () is a small hamlet, situated at the northern end of the village of Onich. It is 7 miles south of the town of Fort William, in Inverness-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland. Inchree is located 200 metres off the A82 main road, and is also 500 metres south of the Corran Ferry terminal.
Glenrigh Forest, behind Inchree, has a large network of walking paths and trails, where panoramic views overlooking Loch Linnhe and the Morven Mountains can be enjoyed. The Inchree Waterfalls, which drop several hundred feet in a series of steps, can be reached within 10 minutes on foot from the car park.
The viewpoints on the waterfall path look in a south-west direction down Loch Linnhe, and offer excellent photographic opportunities for shooting the impressive sunsets that occur frequently.

</doc>
<doc id="20330894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330894" title="Tomie (film series)">
Tomie (film series)

The series focuses on the titular Tomie, a beautiful girl identified by a mole under her left eye, who drives her stricken admirers to madness, often resulting in her own death. However, due to her ability of regeneration, she comes back to life to terrorize her killers.
Each cell of her body has the ability to generate into a full grown independent body, causing several copies of her being created after each of her deaths. It is unknown how many copies of Tomie exist in the world although in the most recent movie, "Tomie Unlimited", Tomie is shown walking through the streets of Japan, with most of the women she passes by also being Tomie.
Films.
"Tomie" (1999).
The film opens with the police investigating the murder of high school girl Tomie Kawakami (Miho Kanno). They learn that in the months following the crime, nine students and one teacher have either committed suicide or gone insane. The detective assigned to the case (Tomoro Taguchi) learns that three years prior another Tomie Kawakami was murdered in rural Gifu prefecture. Other slain Tomie Kawakami's are discovered stretching all the way back to the 1860s, right when Japan began to modernize. The detective tracks down one of Tomie's classmates called Tsukiko (Mami Nakamura), an art student who is being treated for amnesia. She has absolutely no memory of the three-month period around Tomie's death. Meanwhile, Tsukiko's neighbor (Kota Kusano) is rearing a peculiar baby-like creature. Over the span of a couple weeks, it grows into a beautiful teenaged girl with orange eyes responding to the name of Tomie Kawakami.
Soon afterwards Tomie begins seducing Tsukiko's boyfriend Yuuichi (Kouta Kusano). Meanwhile, Tskuiko enters her new neighbor's apartment to investigate. Upon discovering her friend's dead body, she is attacked by her landlord and passes out due to asphyxiation. She wakes up in her psychiatrist's office and encounters Tomie. Tomie starts emotionally abusing Tsukiko and tries feeding her live cockroaches. She then begins taking group selfies with her. Soon thereafter, Tsukiko's boyfriend murders Tomie. As they go bury Tomie's headless body in the woods, she comes back to life and Tsukiko runs off further into the woods and finds herself on a boat dock. Tomie then appears once again, now fully regenerated, and kisses Tsukiko on the lips. They both begin laughing as Tsukiko lights a flare and sets Tomie on fire.
Tsukiko is now shown leading a normal life, still taking photographs and being interested in art. One day as she goes to develop a picture she took of herself, she notices a mole under her left eye she didn't have before; the same kind of mole Tomie had. Tsukiko then looks at herself in the mirror in shock as Tomie appears, smiling.
"Tomie: Another Face" (1999).
This sequel was a set of three episodes released straight-to-video. In the first episode, Tomie (Runa Nagai) is introduced as a high school student whose body has just been found on the street with several piles of garbage. She comes back to reunite with her former boyfriend, whose ex-girlfriend is considering starting over with as he had previously left her for Tomie. Meanwhile, a man wearing a trench coat and an eye patch is following Tomie and photographing her. The ex-girlfriend exposes Tomie's true nature on the school's rooftop to the boyfriend and in the end, Tomie is thrown from the roof. The two go to bury her in the woods in a deep grave and begin making plans to conceal their work, but as they walk to school in the morning Tomie is miraculously there to confront them.
The second episode focuses on a photographer who has lost his passion for photography but regains it when he finds Tomie, this time a model/dancer of a sort at a bar. She resembles the girl from his past who gave him that passion, and proceeds to take several photos of her with her permission. The man with the eye patch is still following Tomie during the photoshoots. While Tomie is sleeping in the photographer's bed, he develops the photographs only to find that each one has two faces: Tomie's face and a ghoul's face nearby. Convinced it is not his lens, he tells Tomie this and she tells him to kill her to prove she is not a ghost. If she was a ghost, she could not die. Naturally, she does die, but when the photographer is transporting her body in his car she comes back to life and scares him out of the car. His running takes him to the place where he saw the girl from his past, and he discovers that both are Tomie when the previously dead Tomie appears behind him. He falls to his death from the cliff and the previously dead Tomie stands at his body, grinning and making a V sign while the Tomie from his past takes their picture.
The final episode has Tomie as a young woman likely in her early to mid-20s, about to be proposed to by her boyfriend. She is later nearly attacked by the man with the eye patch and sends her boyfriend to kill this man in order to prove his love for her. During his showdown with the man, the boyfriend is tasered into submission and we find out the trench coat wearing man, named Oota, is a former coroner for the police department, and Tomie was one of the bodies he had to perform an autopsy on. She stabbed his eye out in the process and crawled away. Oota shows the boyfriend several other crime scene photographs; all are of Tomie, killed in various places and ways. For losing Tomie's body he was fired, and his wife left him and took their children. For ruining his life, Oota seeks a way to kill Tomie once and for all. He tells the boyfriend to call him if he also seeks a way to kill Tomie. The boyfriend later wakes up in a park, with Tomie asking him where he's been. After finding out he didn't kill Oota, Tomie throws his engagement ring on the ground and walks away. We see the boyfriend take out his knife and follow Tomie. Later, he contacts Oota and brings Tomie's body to an incinerator where Oota is waiting. Tomie's body lies in the back of his van but she is not dead - the boyfriend says he could never kill her. Oota manages to get her body into the incinerator and burns it successfully, but her ashes soon gather together and create her face in the air before Oota. She tells him she will never die and that every single one of her ashes will become a new Tomie.
"Tomie: Replay" (2000).
"Tomie: Replay" contains elements of the manga chapter "Basement". The film begins with a six-year-old girl being rushed into a hospital ER with an unusually distended stomach. Doctors begin to operate and find a disembodied head, Tomie's head, alive and growing inside the girl's belly. The head is placed in a tank of alkaline solution in the basement of the hospital for further observation. Soon after, all five of the hospital workers present during the operation mysteriously leave the hospital or disappear entirely, including hospital Director Morita.
Meanwhile, a few nights later, Takeshi visits his friend Fumihito, who is recovering from some ailment in his hospital room. While visiting, Takeshi is confronted by a naked Tomie (Mai Hosho), now fully grown and escaped from the basement, who asks him to get her out of there. Takeshi takes Tomie to his apartment, and leaves Fumihito by himself, with no explanation. Later, Fumihito calls Takeshi to find out why he left. Takeshi reacts very defensively and irrationally, telling Fumihito that "Tomie belongs to me," already under Tomie's evil and seductive influence.
The next morning, Yumi, Director Morita's daughter, visits the hospital in search of her father, missing since the operation. She meets Dr. Tachibana, the only doctor present during the young girl's operation who hasn't yet left the hospital. Tachibana gives Yumi a journal recently written by her father, and soon after giving it to her he kills himself. Through the journal we learn that during the operation, Director Morita and another doctor were accidentally infected with Tomie's blood, and that through that blood Tomie is regenerating within the doctors, taking over their bodies and driving them mad. Yumi reads in her father's journal about him wanting to kill a girl named "Tomie".
Later, Yumi and Fumihito meet at a party and realize they are both looking for a girl named "Tomie". They join forces to find out what happened to Yumi's father, and to Fumihito's friend.
The next day, Yumi visits the family of the six-year-old girl who had had the operation. She learns that prior to that operation, the girl had received a kidney transplant from a girl named "Tomie". From this kidney, Tomie had begun to regenerate inside the girl's body. Meanwhile, Fumihito visits his friend Takeshi, who had gone mad after killing and decapitating Tomie in a fit of jealousy, then watching her come back to life, regenerating a new head. Takeshi soon after is committed to a mental hospital, and Fumihito becomes Tomie's new prey.
That night Yumi has a short and strange run-in with her missing father, during which he babbles about needing to kill Tomie. The following day his dead body is discovered in the hospital basement, bloated and deformed. At his funeral Yumi receives a note from Tomie, asking to meet her that night at the hospital, seemingly for a final showdown. Yumi arrives at the hospital to find Tomie there to taunt her, and Fumihito, now under Tomie's spell, there apparently to kill her. At the last minute Fumihito decides to kill Tomie instead, chopping off her head and burning the remains. Yumi and Fumihito leave the hospital in relief.
"Tomie: Re-birth" (2001).
An artist named Hideo is painting his girlfriend Tomie (Miki Sakai), but she dismisses it as a poor painting and he kills her in a jealous rage with an art knife and his two friends Shunsuke and Takumi help him bury her. When the three friends are at a party Tomie shows up and the artist kills himself in the bathroom. Tomie latches onto Shunsuke and his mother kills Tomie and they cut her up together in an unnatural ecstasy. They then burn her head, which has already started to regenerate and has some crude limbs for locomotion. The portrait of Tomie allows for her regeneration, as her supernatural blood mixed with the pigments. Takumi's girlfriend Hitomi gets possessed by Tomie, in a rather viral fashion. In a fit of jealousy, the two Tomies try to eliminate the other. Hitomi doesn't want to become a monster, and so they decide to commit suicide. However, when at a waterfall, about to commit suicide, Tomie's head grows on the side of Hitomi's neck next to her head. They all die and then Takumi's sister comes and throws flowers into the water. A small facial mole can be seen directly beneath the sister's left eye, suggesting that, because Takumi gave her the portrait of Tomie, she was also possessed by her. Thus, the sister is the newest Tomie.
"Tomie: Forbidden Fruit" (2002).
Tomie Hashimoto (Aoi Miyazaki) is a dreamy teen who writes homo-erotic horror fiction in which she imagines herself as Ann Bathory, vampire. Introspective and lonely, she is picked on and bullied by her classmates at school, and lives alone with her loving, but distant widower father, Kazuhiko Hashimoto. One day, while admiring an ornate, jewel encrusted cross necklace in an antiquities shop, Tomie meets a strange, beautiful girl (Nozomi Ando) with a mole under her left eye. The mysterious stranger says her name is Tomie Kawakami. The girls become fast friends (with heavy lesbian undertones), but it soon becomes clear that theirs was not a chance meeting. Tomie Kawakami has an agenda, and it involves Kazuhiko.
It is revealed Kazuhiko was involved in a relationship with Tomie many years ago which resulted in her being murdered. However, Kazuhiko was still obsessed with Tomie and even named his own daughter after her. Tomie is back to terrorize his family and tries to convince Kazuhiko to murder his daughter. Kazuhiko ends up murdering and decapitating the other Tomie, and throws her head into a nearby river. His daughter, Tomie Hashimoto discovers the talking head and nurses Tomie K. back to health as she regenerates but ends up killing her. She and her father ultimately end up freezing Tomie into a block of ice to prevent her from regenerating and coming back to life, but after hearing the frozen Tomie's pleas and cries Kazuhiko ends up breaking the block of ice and setting Tomie free. Tomie Kawakami then attacks the other Tomie but gets defeated, which results in Kazuhiko locking his daughter into a freezer room. The morning after, Tomie Hashimoto is discovered by a worker from the ice sculpture company. Tomie is now shown living alone, with her father missing, albeit thankful because she believes he tried to save her from the other Tomie, which is the reason he teamed up with her and abandoned his daughter.
Tomie then goes to her room and continues to write her fanfiction. She writes: "Ann and Mary are friends again, there'll be no issues this time. Ann will raise her to be a real friend, a friend whom she can depend on". Tomie then opens her desk drawer and looks at a dismembered, regenerating ear. She mutters the words "...a real friend".
"Tomie: Beginning" (2005).
This straight-to-video movie is a prequel to the rest of the series, shot on HD, and based on the first Tomie manga by Junji Ito. It deals with the chain of events that occurred right before the first film takes place. Tomie (Rio Matsumoto) shows up as a transfer student at a high school, quickly enchanting all the males, and raising the ire of the females. As is often the case in the Tomie films, she fixates on one solitary girl whom she befriends, with overt lesbian overtones. She displays all of her typical powers, and it isn't long before the murders and madness begin. In this movie we are introduced to the teacher who promises to kill her no matter how many times he has to do the "favor" as well as the eye-patch-wearing boy of the first movie in the series.
"Tomie: Revenge" (2005).
Another home-video release shot on HD, this one partly based on the Tomie manga "Revenge" by Junji Ito. This time round, Tomie is played by Anri Ban. The story revolves around a young, female doctor (Hisako Shirata), and an unidentified naked woman she runs down on the road one night. In her search for the wounded girl (who has a mole under her left eye) the doctor ends up in an abandoned house filled with bodies, madmen and an unconscious girl. Surely Tomie is not too far away...
"Tomie vs Tomie "(2007).
Partially based on the manga "The Gathering." A young man with a past begins work in a factory, where he attracts the amorous attention of a mysterious woman who lurks behind the scenes. He is a relatively unique young man, perhaps a genetic one-off, in that he feels no particular attraction to Tomie. This of course intrigues Tomie, and "she" begins to become obsessed with "him". Soon, he is caught in a vicious struggle between two rival Tomies. And neither Tomie will die.
"Tomie Unlimited" (2011).
Tsukiko (Moe Arai) is a member of the photography club in high school. On her way home with friend Yoshie (Aika Ota), Tsukiko runs into older sister Tomie (Miu Nakamura) who goes to the same high school. Tomie is also with Toshio (Kensuke Owada) - a guy Tsukiko has a secret crush on. Tsukiko is consumed with fierce jealousy over her sister, but at the same time is intoxicated with Tomie's beauty. Tsukiko keeps pressing the trigger on her camera. At that time Tomie tells her sister that she knows what she is feeling. When Tsukiko stops taking pictures, Tomie is crushed by a steel cross that falls from a building under construction.
One year later, Tsukiko still suffers nightmares over her sister's death. Slowly, her daily life returns to some sense of normalcy. On Tomie's 18th birthday, her parents and Tsukiko stand around a birthday cake in her honor. At that time someone knocks on their door. Tomie stands in the doorway with her beauty shining even more brightly. Her parents are delighted to see Tomie and welcomes her back with tears pouring out. Meanwhile, Tsukiko stands there unable to believe what is transpiring.
Tomie manages to get her father (Kouichi Ohori) to whip Tsukiko across the back with a steam iron cable as punishment. Tomie's behavior starts becoming increasingly bizarre as she shows Tsukiko the scar on her neck that begins to evolve into a talking tumor. This scares Tsukiko and she calls Tomie a "monster". Offended, Tomie decides to leave but is prevented from doing so when her father stabs and kills her with a butcher knife. The next morning, Tsukiko witnesses her mother Kimiko (Maiko Kawakami) and father Masashishi dismembering Tomie's body in the bathroom. Kimiko then disposes of Tomie's head by throwing it away in the trash bin and goes to prepare Tsukiko's school lunch, accidentally dropping several chunks of Tomie's flesh and hair in it.
At school, Tsukiko notices a girl who looks exactly like her dead sister walk into class. Later on, during lunch break, Tsukiko opens her lunch pack and sees several miniature Tomie heads in it. She runs off and throws the lunch pack into the trash. When her friend Yoshie goes to look for Tsukiko, she hears noises in the trash and leans over to investigate. Suddenly, the miniature Tomie heads appear and suffocate Yoshie with their abnormally long tongues, killing her. Meanwhile at home, Tomie's head rises from the trash bin and convinces her father to kill his wife and feed her to her. Back at school, Tsukiko encounters Yoshie with a tumor on her neck and runs off in panic. When Yoshie enters the Judo club's room while looking for Tsukiko, she is decapitated by the members who mistook her head for the tumor's. Her headless body comes back to life and starts chasing the Judo club members. Tsukiko then walks into Toshio stabbing Tomie's body, and a new Tomie forms out of the blood and begins kissing Toshio. Tsukiko kills Toshio and runs off into a locker room and encounters several versions of Tomie.
Just as she is about to be cornered by the Tomies, she wakes up in her bed. Her parents inform her that she is an only child and that she never had a sister. Tsukiko sighs in relief, believing she just had a bad nightmare which proves to be false when her father starts eating hair and her mother's head appears to be upside down. Her mother chases her with a knife but is attacked by a carnivorous centipede made out of Tomie's heads. Tsukiko runs upstairs and encounters Toshio and Yoshie who tell her that they never liked her and were pretending to be her friends all along. She pushes them down the stairs and they are both attacked by the centipedes. Tsukiko then encounters a giant Tomie head in her living room, and after a brief conversation the Tomie centipedes begin crawling over her. Finally, Tsukiko is shown walking out of the house, resembling Tomie. As she walks through the streets of Japan, she observes other women she passes by, many of them also being Tomie. She walks up to a man, smiling, and is then shown being murdered by him in an apartment. Lying on the floor, she looks at a mirror and Tomie's reflection asks her "Are you happy now, Tsukiko?"
Casting.
Tomie is played by a different actress in each film, and the role is as coveted by Japanese actresses as "Emmanuelle" is in France. As such, this changing roster of faces has allowed for a range of interpretations and subtle shading to the part, the most popular being Miho Kanno and Miki Sakai. Miho Kanno was Junji Ito's own personal choice for the role; he apparently coached her in preparing for her audition, even suggesting she wear Tomie's trademark mole under her left eye.
Comparison with the source material.
The films manage to recreate the atmosphere of the manga. Most of the stories occur during the dark of night for its sense of eeriness, and the films generally follow suit.
Tomie's sexuality in the films is more ambiguous. In the manga, Tomie's attitude towards other women seems to range between thinly veiled hostility and outright murderous rage, while the film incarnation is known to seduce women as well as men.

</doc>
<doc id="20330901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330901" title="Pierre Segrétain">
Pierre Segrétain

Pierre Côme André Segrétain (7 November 1909 – 8 October 1950) was a French Army officer, that fought in World War II and the First Indochina War, primarily in Foreign Legion units. He received command of the 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion when it was created in 1948 and lead it for two years in Indochina before being fatally wounded while leading his battalion during the Battle of Route Coloniale 4.
He was married to Marie-Elizabeth Rossignol together they had three children: Philippe, Étienne and Anne-Marie.
Early life.
Pierre Segrétain was born in a military family with military traditions. He studied a year in minor seminary, two years at the lycée Sainte Geneviève at Versailles before entering Saint Cyr Military Academy in 1930. He graduated in 1932 as a part of the Joffre promotion and was sent to the 35th Infantry Regiment at Belfort as section leader and transmission officer. In May 1936, he joins the 1st Foreign Regiment at Sidi Bel Abbès, Algeria, his first posting in the Foreign Legion. He takes part in campaigns in Algeria and Morocco with the 2nd Foreign Infantry Regiment (1938) and 6th Foreign Infantry Regiment (1939).
World War II.
When the war breaks out, Lieutenant Segrétain was part of the Foreign Legion contingence in the Middle East. He volunteered to fight in the Metropolitan France, being posted to the 20th Colonial Infantry Regiment at Saint-Gervais, where he receives his baptism of fire during the Battle of France. His conduct in battle earns him his first citation for bravery. He was promoted to Captain and in December 1940, he was posted to the 6th Foreign Infantry Regiment in the French Mandate of Syria. There he fought against the British and Free French in the Syria-Lebanon Campaign.
After the Allied landings in French North Africa, he and his regiment fought together with them against the Germans in Tunisia. In July 1943, he was posted to the newly created Foreign Legion March Regiment, with which he takes part in the landings in Southern France, the liberation of Franche-Comté and the advanced to the Danube River.
Indochina.
In 1945, he joins Coëtquidan and becomes responsible for instruction in military transmission. After receiving his parachute wings at Pau, Captain Segrétain was posted to the 1st Parachute Chasseur Regiment.
As a Legion officer with training in the developments in infantry, Segrétain was responsible for creating the 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion on 1 July 1948 at Khamisi. He also became its first commander and departed with it for Indochina on 12 November the same year, seconded by Major Jeanpierre. Segrétain led the battalion during several successful in Tonkin.
During September 1950, Segrétain and the battalion receive the mission to jump on a retake Dong Khe on Route Coloniale 4 and establish contact with That Khe, 20 kilometres south of Dong Khe. Faced with a superior enemy, Segrétain tries to withdraw to Coc Xa, but was assailed on all sides. Segrétain was seriously wounded in an ambush and ordered his men to leave him, he died shortly afterwards in captivity.
The 193rd class of the Saint Cyr Military Academy was named in honour of him; Promotion Chef de Bataillon Segretain.
Decorations.
He received 8 citations during his career.

</doc>
<doc id="20330913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330913" title="Ağalaruşağı">
Ağalaruşağı

Ağalaruşağı is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330950" title="Yuxarı Qarasaqqal">
Yuxarı Qarasaqqal

Yuxarı Qarasaqqal is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330951" title="SEIU Member Activists for Reform Today">
SEIU Member Activists for Reform Today

SEIU Member Activists for Reform Today (SMART) is a national organization of rank-and-file union members working for the democratic reform of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU). SEIU primarily represents workers in the public sector, healthcare industry, and property services. Today it is America’s largest and fastest growing union with 2 million members, many of whom are minorities, immigrants, and women. 
According to SMART’s website, the organization opposes consolidation of power in the hands of international union leaders, forced mergers of locals, and agreements made with employers without membership involvement. Like other internal union reform movements including Teamsters for a Democratic Union (TDU), SMART seeks a union which represents and voices the concerns of rank-and-file members rather than the interests of international union leaders. This goal of union democracy includes meaningful membership participation in union activities ranging from local and national union elections to bargaining sessions with employers. Union democracy is also guaranteed by protections for membership dissent and organized internal opposition. 
SMART argues that the increased power of SEIU’s international leadership vis-à-vis local union members has limited this type of member access and activism that is essential for union democracy to thrive. Recently, constitutional changes have empowered SEIU’s president and executive board to form bargaining units and negotiate contracts without local member participation. 
Mergers of SEIU Locals.
SMART members question the recent policy of merging smaller union locals into single locals with up to and over 100,000 members. Large memberships give locals power-in-numbers in contract negotiations and may eliminate the inefficiency of multiple small locals representing workers in the same industry. Nevertheless, union reformers contend that mega-locals can lead to “out-of-touch leadership” that—in the context of a larger bureaucracy—becomes “unresponsive” to members’ concerns. 
Union reformers have also criticized the nature of some SEIU mergers. They contend that some locals were merged without members’ consent through a top-down, undemocratic process. Mergers can also be implemented to limit local autonomy and dissent by absorbing dissident locals into larger ones where their voice can be drowned out. For example, SMART members contend that current plans to restructure how SEIU represents its hospital and long term care workers in California is a thinly veiled attempt to quell dissent from dissident Oakland-based local, United Healthcare West (UHW). 
Employer Agreements.
SEIU’s policy of developing partnerships with its employers is a major point of contention for the internal reform movement. Unions often seek neutrality agreements with employers to preempt union busting efforts and to facilitate the card check process of winning union recognition. SEIU has significantly expanded these neutrality agreements to include concessions on the ability to strike and publicly criticize companies. Some deals have traded organizing rights in one location—often determined by the employer—for contract concessions to management in other bargaining units or for guarantees to delay organizing at other sites. To date, SEIU has made agreements with several U.S-based and multinational companies including, Kaiser Permanente, Tenet Healthcare, Sodexho, and the U.S unit of Compass Group PLC based in London.
SMART and other critics have argued that by prohibiting strikes and public relations tactics these deals often take away the union’s key tools for winning wage and benefit gains at the bargaining table. Without picket lines or the use of a public corporate campaign—which enlists community, religious, and political allies in an effort to pressure employers to recognize unions or make contract concessions—methods for worker and community mobilization are often limited.
In some cases, SEIU has participated in legislative lobbying efforts with or on behalf of companies as part of corporate partnerships. In Washington state, SEIU Local 775 joined Eagle Healthcare and five other nursing home companies to form “Washington United for Quality Nursing Home Care” to lobby for increased state funding for private nursing homes. These lobbying efforts could secure funds needed to help pay Local 775 members working in nursing homes. However, the 10-year agreement outlining this labor-management alliance empowers nursing home chains to unilaterally designate select homes for organizing drives (and keep others non-union) and bars strikes as well as “negative rhetoric” against management. Additionally, a portion of any state funds the alliance receives is designated for business and property tax reimbursements for the nursing home companies—corporate tax breaks which will not be shared with Local 775 members. 
In 2003, forming a similar alliance with nursing homes in California, SEIU expanded its joint lobbying efforts into the arena of tort and health care reform. According to a copy of the confidential agreement establishing the “California Alliance” leaked to SF Weekly, SEIU planned to lobby on behalf of nursing home companies for increased state subsidies and limits on patient neglect or malpractice lawsuits. SEIU also promised to oppose any new safe staffing regulations or legislation. As in Washington state, the California agreement enabled SEIU locals including UHW and the United Long-Term Care Workers, Local 6434 to organize unopposed in specific nursing homes. In return, union members gave up their right to strike. “Template agreements” establishing guidelines for wages, benefits, and working conditions also preempted substantive contract negotiations. According to a subsequent 2007 assessment of the “California Alliance” written by UHW, “ workers…found themselves with ‘template’ contracts that allowed for very little power on the shop floor with no right to strike and no clear path toward full collective bargaining rights.” (Upon expiration of the “California Alliance” in 2007, SEIU opted not to renew the labor-management deal.) 
Supporters of employer agreements argue that they are a necessary organizing innovation in the face of decreasing rates of unionization in the past few decades. During labor’s hey-day during and after WWII, there was a tacit agreement of capital to participate in a formalized relationship with labor during contract negotiations. This “labor-capital accord” was facilitated by a unique context: powerful industrial unions in the economy’s large manufacturing sector, concessions to unions to keep industry operating during a time of war, and a general policy of federal support for private sector collective bargaining. After WWII, the growth of an anti-union business class and the beginning of a shift to neoliberal economic policy resulted in a steady erosion of organized labor’s power. By the 1970s and 1980s, a combination of forces resulted in unionism’s steady decline ever since. These trends included employer anti-union offensives, weakened labor laws, the exodus of many manufacturing jobs to foreign countries, and the “hunker down” mentality of the many unions, which failed to organize new members. 
SEIU’s leadership, including President Stern, envisions these agreements as mechanisms to preempt this anti-union offensive and take pro-active steps to organize more workers. Without employer agreements, supporters contend, organizing drives would routinely fail in the face of union-busting tactics ranging from management harassment and intimidation to firing workers for involvement in union activities. Stern argues that these “value-added employer relationships” which include “assisting employers in overcoming unnecessary legislative and political obstacles” are a needed innovation in today’s globalized labor market. According to Stern and his backers, employer partnerships help achieve SEIU’s primary goal of industry-wide unionization in the building services, the public sector, and the healthcare industry. Despite employer hostility and the union-growth imperative, SMART argues that a mantra of organizing by “any means necessary” has sidelined democratic participation and compromised workers ability to mobilize for wage and benefit gains.
SMART Activities.
To voice its demands for increased union democracy, SMART members have mobilized demonstrations against local mergers and trusteeships, engaged in member outreach and awareness, and maintained a website ([www.reformseiu.org]) for communication and coordination between service employees throughout the country. SMART has also conducted workshops to assist reform-minded rank-and-file members planning to run for local union offices. In June 2008 SMART members attended SEIU’s convention in Puerto Rico forming a delegation of reformers who gave speeches criticizing and questioning international union policies. Convention delegates representing SMART also proposed constitutional amendments opposing employer partnerships that limit rank-and-file participation in bargaining units. 
Although reform-minded delegates did not have the numbers to win passage of their proposed amendments, activism at the Puerto Rico convention has sparked further interest in and mobilization for SMART’s goals. Since the convention, a growing number of labor movement progressives outside SEIU, students labor activists, and community leaders have criticized the international’s policies. While SMART members continue to work for a louder voice within their union and increased participation in contract negotiations over their wages and benefits, the internal reform movement extends beyond SEIU. SMART members offer a revisionist vision of the organizing model that SEIU pioneered—a vision that couples union growth with rank-and-file empowerment. As one rank-and-filer explained, “at this table, there’s got to be a place for a regular old worker who has worked for thirty years to grow this union.” 

</doc>
<doc id="20330953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330953" title="Uncial 0234">
Uncial 0234

Uncial 0234 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 49 (von Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 8th century.
Description.
The codex contains two small parts of the Matthew 28:11-15; John 1:4-8,20-24, on two parchment leaves (24 cm by 21 cm). Written in two columns per page, 30 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Gospel of John follows Matthew immediately (western order). 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 8th century.
Formerly the codex was held at the Qubbat al-Khazna in Damascus. The present location of the codex is unknown. Currently the manuscript is not accessible.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1954.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 

</doc>
<doc id="20330956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330956" title="Yuxarı Fərəcan">
Yuxarı Fərəcan

Yuxarı Fərəcan is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330958" title="Turşsu, Lachin">
Turşsu, Lachin

Turşsu is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330960" title="Türklər, Lachin">
Türklər, Lachin

Türklər is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330963" title="Qarakeçdi">
Qarakeçdi

Qarakeçdi (known as Leninkənd until 1999) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330964" title="Unfair practices">
Unfair practices

Unfair practices may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20330965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330965" title="Nağdağı">
Nağdağı

Nağdağı is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330966" title="Kərəviz">
Kərəviz

Kərəviz is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330969" title="Katos">
Katos

Katos is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330973" title="Hacsamlı">
Hacsamlı

Hacsamlı is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330980" title="Əyrək">
Əyrək

Əyrək is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330983" title="Dəyirmanyanı">
Dəyirmanyanı

Dəyirmanyanı is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330985" title="Synchronized swimming at the 1998 Asian Games">
Synchronized swimming at the 1998 Asian Games

Synchronized swimming was contested from December 13 to December 15 at the 1998 Asian Games in Thammasat Aquatic Center, Bangkok, Thailand.
Participating nations.
A total of 16 athletes from 7 nations competed in synchronized swimming at the 1998 Asian Games:

</doc>
<doc id="20330986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330986" title="Bozdağan">
Bozdağan

Bozdağan is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330988" title="Raymond Boston and Maine Railroad Depot">
Raymond Boston and Maine Railroad Depot

Raymond Boston and Maine Railroad Depot, also known as the Raymond Historical Society, is a museum and former railway station located in Raymond, New Hampshire.
Raymond was a stop on the Boston and Maine Railroad's Portsmouth Branch, now the Rockingham Recreational Trail.
The Raymond Historical Society restored the depot building and keeps a locomotive, a boxcar, a caboose, and a work car on display at the station. The station was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20330989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330989" title="Aşağı Qarasaqqal">
Aşağı Qarasaqqal

Aşağı Qarasaqqal is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330990" title="Aşağı Cicimli">
Aşağı Cicimli

Aşağı Cicimli is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20330995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20330995" title="Ağoğlan">
Ağoğlan

Ağoğlan is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20331001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331001" title="Sofro Restaurant Corporation">
Sofro Restaurant Corporation

The Sofro Restaurant Corporation was a 1930s Manhattan business, which had offices at 51 Chambers Street (Manhattan). The business was incorporated in September 1931 with Max Rosoff as president.
Dedication of founder.
Rosoff was a famous New York City restaurateur who founded Rosoff's Restaurant and Rosoff's Hotel, both located at 147 West 43rd Street, near Times Square. He came to the United States from Russia as an orphan at the age of twelve. He began his career as a druggist's helper and then became a salami slicer at an East Side (Manhattan) delicatessen, sleeping on a cot in the store to save money. He opened his
first restaurant on Graham Avenue in Brooklynat the age of nineteen. In 1905 he moved his establishment to 6th Avenue, opposite the Hippodrome Theatre. He moved again in 1918 to a site formerly occupied by the Metropole Hotel. Rosoff died of a stroke in Great Neck, New York on May 6, 1962.
Business chronology.
The Sofro Restaurant Corporation purchased $1,000 of 1939 New York World's Fair bond debentures in January 1937.
The firm leased property at 152 West 44th Street for a period of five years beginning on November 1, 1932, with a monthly rental of $916.66. The lease was renogotiated for a term of five years
starting on July 1, 1934, with an annual rental of $12,500. The rental property included the ground, basement, and second floors of 152 West
44th Street.

</doc>
<doc id="20331018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331018" title="Great Books Programs in Canada">
Great Books Programs in Canada

Great Books Programs in Canada are university/college programs inspired by the Great Books movement begun in the United States in the 1920s. The aim of such programs is to return to the Western Liberal Arts tradition in education. Those who mount such programs consider them to be corrective of what they perceive to be an extreme disciplinary specialisation common within the academy.
The essential component of such programs is a high degree of engagement with the Western canon of whole primary texts deemed to be essential for a student's education. The canon includes books such as "Plato's Republic" and "Dante's Divine Comedy". Great Books programs often focus exclusively on Western culture. Their employment of primary texts dictates an interdisciplinary approach, as most of the Great Books do not fall neatly under the scope of a single contemporary academic discipline.
Great Books programs often include designated discussion groups as well as lectures, and have small class sizes. Students in these programs usually receive an abnormally high degree of attention from their professors, as part of the overall aim of fostering a community of learning.
List of Great Books programs in Canada.
The list of Great Books programs in Canada includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20331046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331046" title="Expedition 24">
Expedition 24

Expedition 24 was the 24th long-duration mission to the International Space Station (ISS). Expedition 24 initially had two planned spacewalks, one Russian and one American Extra-vehicular Activity (EVA). The U.S. EVA was re-planned and a second U.S. EVA was added.
Incidents.
Ammonia pump module.
On 31 July 2010, the Expedition 24 crew was awoken by an alarm on the station. The alarm was caused by a cooling pump that had failed and caused a Remote Power Controller to trip and cut power to some of the International Space Station (ISS). Astronauts Tracy Caldwell Dyson and Doug Wheelock performed some steps to assist ground controllers in re-powering some of the station components such as two main power buses and one Control Moment Gyroscope. After the steps had been completed Capcomm James Kelly told the crew they could go back to bed as all the work required by the crew on the ISS was complete. A short time later, another alarm sounded and awoke the crew, when the ground attempted to restart the pump module.
Docking ring.
A failure in the docking ring on the Mini-Research Module 2 (MRM2) Poisk, caused a delay in the planned landing of the Soyuz TMA-18 spacecraft. Soyuz TMA-18 was originally planned to undock and land on 24 September 2010, but instead undocked less than 24 hours later on 25 September 2010. The failure is believed to be due to a faulty indication from a micro-switch on the hatch between the Soyuz and MRM2. A drive gear, which is related to the docking mechanism was also found to have two broken teeth, and is believed to be related to the problem as well.
Spacewalks.
Three spacewalks, one in Orlan space suits and two in U.S. Extravehicular Mobility Units (EMUs) were originally planned for Expedition 24. However, additional spacewalking tasks were added to remove and replace a failed ammonia pump module.
‡ denotes spacewalks performed from the "Pirs" docking compartment in Russian Orlan suits.

</doc>
<doc id="20331056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331056" title="Town Criers (musical group)">
Town Criers (musical group)

Town Criers were an Australian band formed in Melbourne in 1964. They are best known for their 1968 cover of "Everlasting Love", reaching #13 on the Australian Charts.
Town Criers had hits with "Everlasting Love" (1968), "Any Old Time (You're Lonely and Sad)" (1969), "Love Me Again" (1969) and "Living In a World of Love" (1970). 
Founding vocalist Andy Agtoft was replaced around 1968, by Barry Smith from Adelaide.
Discography.
Singles
Extended play

</doc>
<doc id="20331070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331070" title="Defense Ammunition Center (United States)">
Defense Ammunition Center (United States)

The Defense Ammunition Center (DAC) is the Department of Defense’s focal point for ammunition knowledge and logistical support. It is responsible for explosives safety, logistics engineering, transportability, training, depot/garrison doctrine, demilitarization technology, supportability, reliability, technical assistance and career management. DAC also supports all aspects of ammunition operations and activities from development through disposal.
History.
The U.S. Army Defense Ammunition Center and School was established in 1920 and was located at Savanna Army Depot, Savanna, Ill. Over the years, it developed the Army’s oldest civilian career program, known today as the Quality Assurance Specialist (Ammunition Surveillance) or QASAS. In 1971, the organization was officially named Department of the Army Materiel Development and Readiness Command(now Army Materiel Command) Ammunition Center. In 1994, it became the Defense Ammunition Center. In
1998, it realigned from Savanna to McAlester Army Ammunition Plant, McAlester, Okla. under the 1995 Base Realignment and Closure decision.
Facilities.
DAC is housed in 32 buildings as a tenant on McAlester Army Ammunition Plant.

</doc>
<doc id="20331093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331093" title="Birinci İpək">
Birinci İpək

Birinci İpək (also, İpək-1) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20331097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331097" title="Teleblock">
Teleblock

TeleBlock is a software program that automatically screens and blocks outbound calls against available federal, state, wireless, third party and in-house Do-Not-Call (DNC) lists. Designed for use in telemarketing and outbound call centers, TeleBlock is applied to a subscriber's telephone carrier provided voice lines or delivered through their predictive dialing and Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software. The system triggers all predetermined outbound calls to query a proprietary customer specific DNC database in real-time.
History.
On November 9, 1999 Dean Garfinkel, CEO of Call Compliance, Inc., filed a patent for a "call blocking system." The patent describes a call blocking system as:
"The integration of various federally required and state mandated do-not-call lists for telemarketers into a system that automatically blocks outgoing calls from a number of companies ("Customer Companies") taking into account factors such as preexisting customers which may legally be contacted is disclosed. The system reviews outgoing calls by a telemarketer, compares it to the general do-not-call lists and the specific customer company do-not-call list and override permitted call list to make a determination if the call should be completed. This integration is due to the incorporation of a general purpose computer in a central location that is connected to all the major telephone carriers switch cluster locations and operated by a service provider. The "do-not-call" database of originating/destination pairs, as well as the logic for blocking or permitting telephone calls, is stored in this computer. This computer makes all blocking decisions in real-time based on the originating and destination number combinations of the call."
The patent was issue on December 11, 2001.
In 2010, Teleblock was acquired by Gryphon Networks.
Government testimony.
In a statement to the United States Federal Communications Commission (FCC) regarding Do Not Call regulations in the US, Steve Carter, Attorney General of Indiana, commented on the effectiveness of TeleBlock. In his comments Carter stated that TeleBlock has "supplied a cost-effective, straightforward tool for telemarketers to comply with the Commission's Rules, the Federal Trade Commission's Rules, and the various state rules governing telephone solicitations." Carter went on to say, "TeleBlock has yet to see one of its customers fined."
State DNC rules.
Some companies such as Call Compliance, Inc. offer a list of all state DNC regulations in one area 
International.
In September 2008, Canada opened registration to the Canadian DNC list to the general public. Three Canadian service providers--VanillaSoft, Thunder CRM, and MarkeTel--are offering TeleBlock in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20331099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331099" title="İkinci İpək">
İkinci İpək

İkinci İpək (also İpək-2) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20331101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331101" title="The Stranger in the Snow">
The Stranger in the Snow

The Stranger in the Snow is a novel by the American writer Lester Goran set in the 1960s in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the story of Harry Meyers, who is haunted by the ghost of man named Wilson who was killed, he thought, in Harry's place during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20331104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331104" title="Birinci Qaraçanlı">
Birinci Qaraçanlı

Birinci Qaraçanlı (also, Qaraçanlı-1) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20331111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331111" title="İkinci Qaraçanlı">
İkinci Qaraçanlı

İkinci Qaraçanlı (also, Qaraçanlı-2) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20331115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331115" title="Qayğı">
Qayğı

Qayğı (also, Qayğı qəsəbəsi) is a settlement in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20331129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331129" title="Insh">
Insh

Insh () is a village that lies on the east coast of the Insh Marshes, four miles east of Kingussie, in the valley of the River Spey, in Badenoch and Strathspey, Inverness-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
It is located on the back road from Kingussie to Kincraig and Aviemore at the other side of the valley from the New A9.
Insh is probably best known as the location of the RSPB Insh Marshes Wildlife Reserve. It is close to Loch Insh where it is possible to take part in various watersports from Winsurfing to Sailing. There are lovely walks in the woods around Insh too.
Insh no longer has a school but does retain a small church. It is also supposed to be the location of one of the oldest Inn's in the area, sadly now in ruins.
Not far along the road towards Ruthven Barracks Ruthven Barracks is the small privately owned Speyside Distillery.

</doc>
<doc id="20331131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331131" title="Ann Graybiel">
Ann Graybiel

Ann Martin Graybiel (born 1942) is a neuroscientist at the McGovern Institute for Brain Research at MIT. She is an Institute Professor and a faculty member in the Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences. She is an expert on the basal ganglia, and her work is relevant to Parkinson’s disease, Huntington’s disease, obsessive–compulsive disorder, substance abuse and other disorders that affect the basal ganglia. She is a member of the US National Academy of Sciences, and in 2001 she was awarded the President’s National Medal of Science "For her pioneering contributions to the understanding of the anatomy and physiology of the brain, including the structure, chemistry, and function of the pathways subserving thought and movement." In 2012 she was awarded the Kavli Prize in Neuroscience, along with Cornelia Bargmann and Winfried Denk, "for elucidating basic neuronal mechanisms underlying perception and decision." 
Read a short profile of Graybiel first published in MIT "Technology Review."

</doc>
<doc id="20331155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331155" title="Fusion (comics)">
Fusion (comics)

Fusion, in comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20331159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331159" title="West Africa's Next Top Model">
West Africa's Next Top Model

"West Africa's Next Top Model" was a planned reality documentary based on Tyra Banks "America's Next Top Model" which would have featured contestants from all West African countries including Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, Sierra Leone, Senegal, Liberia and Nigeria against each other in a variety of competitions to determine who would win title of "West Africa's Next Top Model" and a lucrative modelling contract with an international model agency in hopes of a successful future in the modeling business.
The competition was supposed to be hosted by Nigerian supermodel Oluchi Onweagba. Auditions began in March 2009, but due to unknown reasons, the show never aired and was left without any TV station. No contestants were ever chosen to compete on the show.

</doc>
<doc id="20331163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331163" title="The Cohen Group">
The Cohen Group

The Cohen Group is a firm providing advice to corporate leadership and assistance in marketing and regulatory affairs. It is based in Washington, D.C. with offices in Beijing and Tianjin, People's Republic of China. 
History.
The firm was founded by former United States Secretary of Defense William S. Cohen in 2001 to help multinational clients expand overseas. The Cohen Group has a strategic alliance with DLA Piper, a global law firm specializing in business, real estate, and technology.
Staff.
Team members of The Cohen Group bring years of experience from the White House, the State Department, the Defense Department, and Congress. The senior talent at the Cohen Group includes, among others:

</doc>
<doc id="20331165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331165" title="Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (Thai game show)">
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (Thai game show)

เกมเศรษฐี (English translation: "Millionaire Game", transliteration: "Kemṣ̄ers̄ʹṭ̄hī") was a Thai game show based on the original British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". The main goal of the game was to win 1 million Thai baht by answering 12 multiple-choice questions correctly (earlier 16 questions). There were three "lifelines", all other than in the original version - Double Dip (contestant can choose the answer two times), Help of Audience Members (help of two members of the audience who believe that they know the correct answer) and Switch The Question (contestant can change the question). Earlier the lifelines were: Fifty Fifty, Ask The Audience and Switch The Question. The answer area is round, not rhombus, and the answers are not "A, B, C, D", but "1, 2, 3, 4". "เกมเศรษฐี" was shown on the Thai TV station iTV.
The game's prizes.
These are the prizes of the new version of the game:
These are the prizes of the old version of the game:
The Lertlak Panchanawaporn affair.
In 2002, Lertlak Panchanawaporn, 44-year-old street vendor won the grand prize on the show. The show's producers were impressed with her, since she had only a fourth-grade education. Finally, the truth got alive - a computer error led the player to being fed all the right answers. The cable feeding the player the answers on the computer screen was supposed to be hooked up the presenter's computer. She had noticed that the right answers were constantly highlighted on her computer screen and won the million by this way. Show's producers took the million away from her, but she was allowed to play again, but won only 25,000 baht. Articles about it were written in many TV stations, newspapers and websites (e.g. BBC and Deutsche Welle). There was also a chapter about it in the book "Dear Valued Customer, You Are a Loser: And Over 100 Other Embarrassing and Funny Stories of Technology Gone Mad" by Rick Broadhead.

</doc>
<doc id="20331168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331168" title="Ingo Walter">
Ingo Walter

Ingo Walter is a professor of finance, corporate governance and ethics as well as Vice Dean of Faculty at New York University's Stern School of Business. He also teaches "Sovereign and Reputational Risk" in the Risk Management Open Enrollment program for Stern Executive Education. He teaches for the TRIUM Global Executive MBA Program, an alliance of NYU Stern, the London School of Economics and HEC School of Management. Professor Walter also teaches for, and is the Academic Director of, both the Master of Science in Global Finance (MSGF) and Master of Science in Risk Management Program for Executives (MSRM). MSGF is jointly offered by NYU Stern and the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. MSRM is offered by NYU Stern.
Academic Interests.
Dr. Walter researches and consults in the areas of international trade policy, international banking, environmental economics, and economics of multinational corporate operations.
Books.
Dr. Walter is the author, co-author, or editor of 26 books, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20331229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331229" title="Deck of many things">
Deck of many things

In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, the deck of many things is a powerful magic item. The item comes in the form of a deck of cards, each one causing a distinct effect upon the character who draws it. These effects can be either beneficial or baneful.
Publication history.
The "deck of many things" first appeared in the "Dungeons & Dragons" game's first supplement, "Greyhawk" (1975). This version of the deck contains 18 cards, corresponding to the ace, king, queen, and jack of each suit (hearts, diamonds, spades, and clubs), and two jokers.
The "deck" also appears in the original "Dungeon Master's Guide" (1979). This version comes in packs of either 13 cards or, more rarely, 22 cards. The 13-card deck contains cards corresponding to the king, queen, and jack of each suit, as well as a joker; the 22-card deck contains the same cards, with the 2 and ace of each deck as well as the trademark joker. A 78-card "tarot deck of many things" appeared in "Dragon" #77 (September 1983).
The "deck" from the first edition "Dungeon Master's Guide" also appeared in the second edition "Dungeon Master's Guide" (1989); it also appeared in the "Encyclopedia Magica" Vol. 1 (1994) along with a reprint of the "tarot deck".
The 22-card version of the deck appeared in the 3rd edition and 3.5 edition "Dungeon Master's Guide" as well.
In 4th Edition, two versions were released: a Paragon-level Implement (Tome) appeared in "Dungeon" #177 (April 2010), while a Heroic-level Tome was released with the adventure "Madness at Gardmore Abbey" (September 2011). Both are 22-card versions, with several special properties in addition to the regular benefits and drawbacks available by drawing cards from the deck.
Cards.
The cards in a standard deck from the 3rd edition "Dungeon Master's Guide" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20331260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331260" title="Semi-detached (disambiguation)">
Semi-detached (disambiguation)

Semi-detached housing consists of pairs of houses built side by side.
Semi-detached may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20331272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331272" title="Shava">
Shava


</doc>
<doc id="20331297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331297" title="Inshegra">
Inshegra

Inshegra is a small crofting village, located two miles south east of Badcall and lies at the south east coast of Loch Inchard, in Lairg, Sutherland, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="20331301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331301" title="Star Crystal">
Star Crystal

Star Crystal is a 1986 science fiction movie, directed by Lance Lindsay.
Plot.
The movie begins in the year 2032, when an expedition on Mars finds a buried egg that they take to the ship. The egg hatches, revealing a crystal and (presumably) a slimy creature that hides on the ship. After the astronauts decided to use the crystal on a large laser cannon, they all die when their air supply runs out.
Two months later another expedition comes on board, but they end up stranded when their shuttle explodes. When they start to explore the ship (in order to repair it and survive until rescue comes), a mysterious creature starts to kill them all and takes control of the ship. Eventually, with only two crew members alive, the creature reveals itself: its name is GAR, and his crystal is an advanced alien computer. By hacking into the ship's computer Bernice, it learned the English language, the history of human evolution, and read an electronic bible. It discovers the humans are not as belligerent as it first thought - it explains that the deaths were just misunderstandings, as it believed it fought in self-defense the whole time. GAR begs for forgiveness and relinquishes control of the ship to the surviving humans. The two species manage to peacefully co-exist on board until a space anomaly occurs. GAR sorrowfully realizes that he must part ways with the humans, promising that he is grateful for their brief friendship and that he will never forget them. The film concludes with "Crystal of a Star," sung by Stefani Christopherson.
DVD Release.
On June 24, 2003 it was released for the first time on DVD in Widescreen by Anchor Bay Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="20331332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331332" title="Blood Music (Chapterhouse album)">
Blood Music (Chapterhouse album)

Blood Music is the second and last studio album by British shoegazing band Chapterhouse. Early copies of this album, as well as North American and Japanese editions, include the bonus remix CD Pentamerous Metamorphosis by Global Communication. Cherry Red re-issued the album in 2008, prefaced by songs from the Mesmerise and We Are The Beautiful CD singles.
Track listing.
The US Limited Edition includes a bonus disc containing two remixes of We Are The Beautiful, Frost and Picnic.

</doc>
<doc id="20331344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331344" title="Portugal national rugby team">
Portugal national rugby team

Portugal national rugby team may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20331359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331359" title="İpək">
İpək

İpək may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20331366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331366" title="Ipak">
Ipak

Ipak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20331369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331369" title="1994 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1994 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1994 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1994–1995. The Buckeyes compiled a 9–4 record, including the in Orlando, Florida, where they lost 24–17 to the Alabama Crimson Tide, a team one point away from playing in the national championship game. Despite being handed their third worst loss of all time by the Nittany Lions, this was considered a somewhat successful season overall.
Game notes.
Michigan State.
Statistics

</doc>
<doc id="20331394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331394" title="Sequins 1">
Sequins 1

Sequins 1 is a limited edition extended play by Irish singer Róisín Murphy. It was released by Echo Records on 12-inch vinyl in January 2005.
Songs.
The opening track uses overdriven guitar parts and layers of overdubbed vocals. Its lyrics caution a woman who has become out of control and its title was chosen to contrast feelings of passion and melancholy. "Off on It", a more experimental song with an unsteady rhythm, precedes Night of the Dancing Flame", which combines synthesizers with 1920s jazz. It is written in waltz time and was compared to Stevie Wonder's work during his peak. The extended play closes with "Through Time", which opens with noises such as rustling and coughing, and then proceeds into a ballad that was compared to those by Carole King.
Cover artwork.
The cover of "Sequins 1" was painted by Simon Henwood. Murphy met Henwood in a pub, and Henwood, who was known for his simplified paintings of teenagers, thought that she would be a good subject for a painting. Henwood came to Murphy's house the next week and, while they were looking through her wardrobe, decided to have her dressed in sequins. Murphy positioned her body in abstract shapes for Henwood to paint. She developed a character, which Henwood described as a "disco electro pop diva with a 1940s look". His canvases were displayed at The Hospital in Victoria, London, and Murphy purchased them "for kids so they can see what [she once looked like." 
Track listing.
All tracks written and composed by Róisín Murphy and Matthew Herbert.
Personnel.
The following people contributed to "Sequins 1":

</doc>
<doc id="20331427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331427" title="Expedition 27">
Expedition 27

Expedition 27 was the 27th long-duration expedition to the International Space Station (ISS), starting on 16 March 2011. Expedition 27 saw numerous notable events, including the undocking of the Progress M-09M and Kounotori 2 spacecraft, the arrival of the Soyuz TMA-21 and Progress M-10M spacecraft, and the final rendezvous with the ISS of NASA's Space Shuttle "Endeavour, on its last mission, STS-134. The expedition ended on 23 May 2011 with the departure of the Soyuz TMA-20 spacecraft, although command of the station was ceremonially handed over to the crew of Expedition 28 on 22 May.
Mission highlights.
Kounotori 2 undocking.
After an extended two-month stay, Kounotori 2 was detached from the nadir docking port of the "Harmony" module by the Canadarm 2 robotic arm at 15:29 UTC on 28 March 2011, and released at 15:46 UTC. Launched in January 2011 to resupply the ISS, Kounotori 2 (also known as HTV-2) was the second Japanese H-II Transfer Vehicle. It reentered Earth's atmosphere at around 03:09 UTC on 30 March.
Soyuz TMA-21 docking.
The Soyuz TMA-21 spacecraft launched from Baikonur Cosmodrome on 4 April 2011, carrying Expedition 27 crew members Aleksandr Samokutyayev, Andrei Borisenko and Ronald Garan. It docked with the space station on 6 April at 23:09 UTC. The docking to the "Poisk" module occurred as the two spacecraft were orbiting over the Andes Mountains in Chile. The hatches between Soyuz TMA-21 and the ISS were opened at 2:13 UTC on 7 April. The three Soyuz crew members were welcomed aboard for a crew greeting ceremony and a mandatory safety orientation by Expedition 27 Commander Dmitri Kondratyev and Flight Engineers Catherine Coleman and Paolo Nespoli.
50th anniversary of first spaceflight.
On 12 April 2011, the Expedition 27 crew recorded a special video message aboard the ISS in celebration of the 50th anniversary of the first manned spaceflight, which was conducted by Soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin in 1961. The crew recorded their greeting in Russian, English, and Italian while wearing black Gagarin t-shirts.
Progress M-09M undocking.
The Progress M-09M cargo spacecraft was undocked from the station's "Pirs" module at 11:41 UTC on 22 April 2011. After departing the space station, the spacecraft was used for the Radar-Progress scientific experiment to investigate a reflection feature of the plasma generated by operations of the Progress propulsion system. Upon the completion of this experiment, the spacecraft was deorbited, and reentered over the "spacecraft cemetery" in the South Pacific Ocean.
Progress M-09M had been launched on a resupply mission to the ISS on 28 January 2011. It carried 2,666 kilograms (5,880 lb) of cargo to the space station, consisting of 1,444 kilograms (3,180 lb) of dry cargo, 752 kilograms (1,660 lb) of propellant, 50 kilograms (110 lb) of oxygen and 420 kilograms (930 lb) of water.
Progress M-10M docking.
Flying two days autonomously after liftoff from the Baikonour Cosmodrome, the Progress M-10M cargo spacecraft arrived at the ISS on 29 April 2011, successfully docking at 14:19 UTC to the nadir port of the "Pirs" module, which had been vacated by Progress M-09M. The docking occurred as the two spacecraft were traveling 220 miles (354 kilometers) over western Mongolia. The linkup happened just over five hours before NASA's first launch attempt of the Space Shuttle "Endeavour" on the STS-134 mission. The shuttle launch was scrubbed because of the failure of two heaters on one of "Endeavour"'s auxiliary power units. "Endeavour" finally launched successfully on 16 May 2011.
STS-134.
STS-134, the second-to-the-last mission of the Space Shuttle program, was launched from Kennedy Space Center on 16 May 2011 at 12:56 UTC. Space Shuttle "Endeavour" docked to the ISS on 18 May at 10:14 UTC, and delivered the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer 2 (AMS-2) and an Express Logistics Carrier to the station, completing the assembly of the US Orbital Segment of the ISS. On 22 May, while "Endeavour" was docked, the members of Expedition 27 formally handed over command of the station to the members of Expedition 28. The following day, on 23 May, the Soyuz TMA-20 spacecraft departed from the ISS, returning Expedition 27 crew members Paolo Nespoli, Catherine Coleman and Dmitri Kondratyev to Earth. Soyuz TMA-20 landed safely in central Kazakhstan at 02:27 UTC on 24 May 2011, having taken photographs of the shuttle docked at the ISS prior to re-entry.

</doc>
<doc id="20331428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331428" title="The Investigators (U.S. TV series)">
The Investigators (U.S. TV series)

The Investigators is a short-lived American adventure/drama television series that aired on CBS from October 5, to December 28, 1961.
Synopsis.
The series starred James Franciscus as insurance investigator Russ Andrews part of the firm of "Investigators, Inc". The program was the second of Franciscus's five attempts at series television. The series co-starred James Philbrook as Steve Banks, Alan Austin as Bill Davis, and Mary Murphy as Maggie Peters, the secretary who frequently helped the three investigators with their cases. "The Investigators" was based in New York City. The program was similar to ABC's successful detective series "77 Sunset Strip" and "Hawaiian Eye".
"The Investigators" faced tough competition. Two ABC sitcoms, Fred MacMurray's "My Three Sons", in its second season, and Cynthia Pepper's "Margie", in its only season, aired opposite "The Investigators". National Broadcasting Company offered two new programs, Richard Chamberlain in "Dr. Kildare" and Shirley Booth in "Hazel", at the same hour.
Though the series ran so briefly, it nevertheless featured an array of guest stars, including Joanna Barnes, Edward Binns, Pat Carroll, William Fawcett, Rhonda Fleming, Dennis Hopper, Bethel Leslie, Ida Lupino, Gavin MacLeod, Lee Marvin, Dina Merrill, Mickey Rooney, Richard Rust, Albert Salmi, Vaughn Taylor, Harry Townes, Claire Trevor, and Jane Wyman.
After the series ended, Franciscus was later cast in his most successful television role in NBC's "Mr. Novak" (1963–1965), as a high school English teacher. He starred later in ABC's "Longstreet", as an insurance investigator once again, but this the character, Mike Longstreet, is a blind man. Coincidentally, "The Investigators" and "Longstreet" aired at the same time, Thursdays at 9 PM (Eastern).

</doc>
<doc id="20331436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331436" title="Museum of Ceramics (East Liverpool, Ohio)">
Museum of Ceramics (East Liverpool, Ohio)

The Museum of Ceramics, formerly or also known as East Liverpool Post Office, is a ceramics museum that houses an extensive collection of ceramic wares produced in and around East Liverpool, Ohio, USA. The museum is operated by a Museum of Ceramics Foundation and by the Ohio Historical Society in a city long known as "America's Crockery City" and "The Pottery Capitol of the Nation."
Description.
The Museum of Ceramics is dedicated to the preservation of the rich pottery history of the East Liverpool area. During the late 19th century and early 20th century, the East Liverpool area produced over 50% of the nation's ceramic output. Over 200 pottery factories have operated in and around East Liverpool, starting in the 1840s when the English potter James Bennett established the area's first commercial pottery. The main lobby displays a painting by Roland Schweinsburg, circa 1938, depicting the Bennett pottery. James Bennett was the elder brother of Edwin Bennett of Baltimore.
The museum contains the largest public display of Lotus Ware, an award-winning fine porcelain ware produced only for a short period in the 1890s by the Knowles, Taylor, Knowles pottery of East Liverpool. Also on display are collections of early Rockingham Pottery, ironstone, whiteware, yellow ware, and Victorian majolica. Other highlights are Homer Laughlin's Fiesta dinnerware, Hall China's Donut teapot, and William Bloor's 1860s Parian Ware, along with Craven Art Pottery vases. Related displays on East Liverpool's social, political and economic history show the impact of the industry on the community and the nation.
Building.
The museum occupies the former city post office, a Beaux-Arts structure designed by architect James Knox Taylor and built in 1909. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 21, 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20331441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331441" title="Robert Thornton Henderson">
Robert Thornton Henderson

Enchanted Community Blog
Robert Thornton (Bob) Henderson (born 1928) is an American author who has a history of teaching and being active in the Presbyterian Church.
Biography.
Henderson grew up in West Palm Beach, Florida. He received his undergraduate degree from Davidson College, and studied theology at both Westminster Theological Seminary, and Columbia Theological Seminary. He was the Presbyterian campus minister at North Carolina State University, the teaching pastor of Blacknall Memorial Presbyterian Church in Durham, N.C.; the Canal Street Presbterian Church in New Orleans, LA; and the First Presbyterian Church of Hendersonville, NC. He was denominational staff person for evangelism with the Presbyterian Church (U.S.), and Director of Seminary Ministries for Presbyterians For Renewal. He has been a member of the American Society of Missiology, and a participant in The Gospel and Our Culture Network (Newbigin discussions). He is the author of a number of books in the fields of ecclesiology and missiology. The ones in print are available through Wipf and Stock Publishers, or on Amazon. He currently lives in the Atlanta, Georgia, and is engaged in blogging: www.enchantdedcommunity.net.

</doc>
<doc id="20331466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331466" title="List of concept albums">
List of concept albums

This is a list of concept albums produced by bands and solo artists across all musical genres. In popular music, a concept album is an album that is "unified by a theme, which can be instrumental, compositional, narrative, or lyrical."

</doc>
<doc id="20331472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331472" title="A Home at the End of the World (film)">
A Home at the End of the World (film)

A Home at the End of the World is a 2004 drama film directed by Michael Mayer. The screenplay by Michael Cunningham was adapted from his 1990 novel of the same title.
Plot synopsis.
Bobby Morrow's life in suburban Cleveland has been tinged with tragedy since he was a young boy, losing first his beloved older brother to a freak accident, then his mother to illness, and finally his father. As a rebellious teenager, he meets the conservative and gawky Jonathan Glover in high school, and he becomes a regular visitor to the Glover home, where he introduces his friend - and his mother Alice - to marijuana and the music of Laura Nyro. Jonathan, who is slowly coming out as a homosexual, initiates Bobby into adolescent mutual masturbation during their frequent sleepovers. When Alice catches them both masturbating in a car, Jonathan, embarrassed, tells Bobby he is going to leave as soon as he finishes high school. Alice teaches Bobby how to bake, unintentionally setting him on a career path that eventually takes him to New York City, where Jonathan is sharing a colorful East Village apartment with bohemian Clare. Bobby moves in, and the three create their own household.
Although Jonathan is openly gay and highly promiscuous, he is deeply committed to Clare and the two have tentatively planned to have a baby. Clare seduces and starts a relationship with Bobby, and she eventually becomes pregnant by him. Their romance occasionally is disrupted by sparks of jealousy between the two men until Jonathan, tired of being the third wheel, disappears without warning. He re-enters their lives when his father Ned dies and Bobby and Clare travel to Phoenix, Arizona for the services. The three take Ned's car back east with them, and they impulsively decide to buy a house near Woodstock, New York, where Bobby and Jonathan open and operate a cafe while Clare raises her daughter.
Jonathan discovers what appears to be a Kaposi's sarcoma lesion on his groin and, although Bobby tries to convince him it's simply a bruise, others soon appear. Clare begins to feel left out, seeing the close relationship Jonathan and Bobby share. One day, she takes the baby for what ostensibly is a brief visit to her mother in Philadelphia, but Bobby and Jonathan accurately suspect she has no intention of returning and Bobby decides to care for Jonathan during his last days. On a cold winter day some months later, Bobby and Jonathan scatter Ned's ashes in the field behind their home, and Jonathan (who now visibly appears to be ill) lets Bobby know he would like his own ashes scattered in the same place, following his now inevitable early death from AIDS.
Production.
The film was shot on location in New York City, Phoenix, and Schomberg and Toronto in Ontario, Canada.
The film premiered at the New York Lesbian and Gay Film Festival and was shown at the Nantucket Film Festival, the Provincetown International Film Festival, the San Francisco International Lesbian and Gay Film Festival, and the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Film Festival before going into limited release in the US. It grossed $64,728 on five screens on its opening weekend. It eventually earned $1,029,872 in the US and $519,083 in foreign markets for a total worldwide box office of $1,548,955.
Critical reception.
A.O. Scott of "The New York Times" observed, "As a novelist Mr. Cunningham can carry elusive, complex emotions on the current of his lovely, intelligent prose. A screenwriter, though, is more tightly bound to conventions of chronology and perspective, and in parceling his story into discrete scenes, Mr. Cunningham has turned a delicate novel into a bland and clumsy film . . . so thoroughly decent in its intentions and so tactful in its methods that people are likely to persuade themselves that it's better than it is, which is not very good . . . The actors do what they can to import some of the texture of life into a project that is overly preoccupied with the idea of life, but the mannered self-consciousness of the script and the direction keeps flattening them into types."
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" said, "The movie exists outside our expectations for such stories. Nothing about it is conventional. The three-member household is puzzling not only to us, but to its members. We expect conflict, resolution, an ending happy or sad, but what we get is mostly life, muddling through . . . Colin Farrell is astonishing in the movie, not least because the character is such a departure from everything he has done before."
Mick LaSalle of the "San Francisco Chronicle" stated, "What we have here . . . is a movie about a friendship and about the changing nature of families. We also have a movie about what it was like to be a child in the late 1960s, a teenager in the mid-1970s and a young adult in the early 1980s. In these aspects, the film is sensitive, sociologically accurate and emotionally true. But the picture is also the story of one character in particular, Bobby, and when it comes to Bobby, "A Home at the End of the World" is sappy and bogus." He added, "Farrell is not the first actor anyone would cast as an innocent, and he seems to know that and is keen on making good. His speech is tentative but true. His eyes are darting but soulful. The effort is there, but it's a performance you end up rooting for rather than enjoying, because there's no way to just relax and watch."
Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" awarded the film three out of four stars, calling it "funny and heartfelt" and "a small treasure." He added, "Farrell's astutely judged portrayal . . . is a career highlight" and "Stage director Michael Mayer ("Side Man") makes a striking debut in film."
David Rooney of "Variety" called the film "emotionally rich drama" "driven by soulful performances." He added, "Strong word of mouth could help elevate this touching film beyond its core audience of gay men and admirers of the book."
Awards and nominations.
The film was cited for Excellence in Filmmaking by the National Board of Review and was nominated for the GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding Film in Wide Release but lost to "Kinsey". Michael Cunningham was nominated for the Chlotrudis Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, Dallas Roberts was nominated for the Gotham Award for Breakthrough Performance, and Colin Farrell was nominated for the Irish Film Award for Best Actor.

</doc>
<doc id="20331506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331506" title="Vincent Bastien">
Vincent Bastien

Vincent Bastien is professor of marketing at HEC School of Management in Paris, where he teaches marketing strategies in luxury. He also teaches for the TRIUM Global Executive MBA Program, an alliance of NYU Stern, the London School of Economics and HEC School of Management.
Education.
Professor Bastien is an alumnus of Ecole Polytechnique (X1967), the Higher Institute of Business and Senior Executive Program of Stanford Business School.
Biography.
Professor Bastien began his career at Saint-Gobain in 1972 and was CEO of Saint-Gobain Desjonqueres from 1980 to 1988.
Books.
Professor Bastien is a co-author of the forthcoming book "The Luxury Strategy":

</doc>
<doc id="20331528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331528" title="Chuck Doud">
Chuck Doud

Chuck Doud is a video game music composer. His projects include the theme songs to PlayStation Network game "PAIN", "Blasto" and is probably best known as composer for the "Syphon Filter" series.

</doc>
<doc id="20331531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331531" title="Diccionario de argentinismos">
Diccionario de argentinismos

Diccionario de argentinismos is an authoritative dictionary of the Spanish language as occurring in Argentina prior to 1911. It was published in 1911 under the auspices of the Comisión Nacional del Centenario (Argentine National Commission on the Centenary) and printed in Buenos Aires by Imprenta de Coni Hermanos (Coni Brothers Press).
The introduction begins with a discussion of the merits of the "Diccionario de la lengua española de la Real Academia Española" (DRAE), except that DRAE has insufficient coverage of Spanish as spoken in Argentina. "Diccionario de argentinismos" lists 15,000 terms and senses not in DRAE, and many additional phrases.

</doc>
<doc id="20331551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331551" title="Nadia Gray">
Nadia Gray

Nadia Gray (23 November 1923 – 13 June 1994) was a Romanian-born film actress.
Born Nadia Kujnir-Herescu in Bucharest, she left Romania for Paris in the late 1940s to escape the Communist takeover after World War II. Her film debut was in "L'Inconnu d'un soir" in 1949. Perhaps her most well-known role was in the Federico Fellini masterpiece "La Dolce Vita" in 1960. 
She played Number 8 in "The Chimes of Big Ben", an episode of the 1960s cult television series "The Prisoner".
Personal life.
She was first married to Constantin Cantacuzino, a Romanian aristocrat who was one of Romania's top fighter aces of the war. They were married from 1946 to his death in 1958. Her third husband was Manhattan attorney Herbert Silverman. They were married from 1967 to her death in 1994. She died in New York City.
Partial filmography.
Most of Gray's films were non-English-language productions.

</doc>
<doc id="20331566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331566" title="Soyuz TMA-21">
Soyuz TMA-21

Soyuz TMA-21 ("Gagarin") was a Soyuz flight to the International Space Station (ISS). It transported three members of the Expedition 27 crew to the ISS, and docked at the station on April 6, 2011. TMA-21 is the 109th flight of a Soyuz spacecraft, the first of which launched in 1967. The Soyuz remained attached to the space station as a lifeboat, throughout the remainder of Expedition 27 and through the end of Expedition 28, and returned to Earth on September 16, 2011.
The launch of Soyuz TMA-21 was devoted to the 50th anniversary of the first manned space mission, which was conducted by Yuri Gagarin on April 12, 1961. The COSPAR International ID of Soyuz TMA-21 is 2011-012A.
Mission insignia.
In December 2010, the Head of the Russian Federal Space Agency, Anatoly Perminov approved the patch of the Soyuz TMA-21 mission. The patch was designed based on a drawing by young artist Marciel Santos Kayle, a 12 year old from French Guiana. According to a Roscosmos news release, Marciel’s sketch was chosen for the crew patch, since it depicts Gagarin and his crew vehicle Vostok.
The spacecraft will fly a drawing of Gagarin, and, apart from being called Gagarin, it will also be written on the spacecraft.
Kvant-V equipment glitch.
During the launch processing in March 2011, the Technical Management on Human Space System Flight Testing reported an operational glitch of the Kvant-V equipment. The Kvant-V system resides in the Instrumentation Propulsion Module – one of the three modules that make the Soyuz TMA-21 spacecraft. On March 13, Roscosmos Board held a meeting to discuss the issue and delayed the launch from March 30, 2011. The glitch was traced back to a faulty part (capacitor) in the equipment. Russian Space Agency Roscosmos established a working group with representatives from RSC-Energia and TSNIImash, the manufacturers and developers of the Soyuz systems. Proposals of the working group were considered during an additional General Designers’ Review led by RSC-Energia president Vitaly Lopota. After analyzing the submitted data by the Review, Roscosmos decided to set April 4 as the new launch date.
Pre-launch processing.
The Soyuz TMA-21 spacecraft arrived at Baikonur Cosmodrome on February 9, 2011. On the same day, the RSC-Energia technicians, tested the spacecraft's Kurs system.
Crew training.
Roscosmos' Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center (GCTC) hosted a two-day exam session for the prime and backup crews of Soyuz TMA-21 on March 4–5. On March 4, the prime crew of Samokutyayev, Borisenko and Garan were tested through integrated training in the ISS simulator and their backup crew of Shkaplerov, Ivanishin and Burbank were tested in the Soyuz mockup. On the next day, the crews were swapped and examined. The two groups of crews passed the exams after solving all the tasks for which they were examined. Anatoly Perminov, the head of Roscosmos hosted the traditional tea-party with Soyuz TMA-21 prime and backup crews on March 11. On March 17, cosmonauts and astronauts left GCTC for Baikonur. On March 19, Roscosmos Board gave its final approval of the crews to go through training at the Baikonur Cosmodrome.
Launch.
The Soyuz TMA-21 spacecraft launched on schedule from the Baikonur Cosmodrome's Gagarin's Start launch pad in Kazakhstan, at 23:18:20 UTC on April 4, 2011. Souyz Commander Samokutyaev was launched from the Soyuz's center seat with flight engineer Borisenko strapped in to his left and NASA astronaut Ronald Garan on his right.
The Soyuz-FG rocket followed a nominal ascent, and successfully inserted the spacecraft into orbit 8 minutes and 45 seconds after liftoff. In orbit, the spacecraft deployed its two solar panels and communications antennas as planned.
Samokutyayev, carried a small stuffed dog given to him by his daughter. Hanging in front of the crew, live NASA TV launch footage showed that the dog begun to float as the spacecraft soared skywards, an indication of the weightlessness of space. "Launch was great, and we are in orbit and we are doing great," said Samokutyaev after the launch. Replying back the Moscow Mission Control said "This is a great anniversary flight, and have a great one".
Docking.
The Soyuz TMA-21 spacecraft docked with the International Space Station (ISS) on April 6 at 23:09 UTC. The docking to the Poisk module occurred as the two spacecraft were orbiting over the Andes Mountains in Chile. Hatches between the Soyuz TMA-21 and the ISS were opened at 2:13 UTC on April 7. The three Soyuz crew members floated into the ISS. They were welcomed aboard for a crew greeting ceremony and a mandatory safety orientation by Expedition 27 Commander Dmitry Kondratyev and Flight Engineers Catherine Coleman and Paolo Nespoli.
Return to Earth.
The Soyuz TMA-21 crew had been due to come back on September 8 but its return was delayed due to the crash of the Progress M-12M on August 24.
The Soyuz TMA-21 spacecraft undocked from the International Space Station on September 16, 2011 at 00:38 UTC. Due to an apparent communications malfunction, voice communications from the crew were lost shortly after the deorbit burn, prompting some tense moments on the ground, but otherwise the reentry and descent went perfectly. There was no immediate explanation for the communications drop out.
Soyuz Commander Aleksandr Samokutyayev and Flight Engineers Andrei Borisenko and Ronald Garan returned to Earth on September 16, 2011 at 03:59 UTC, landing on target in central Kazakhstan. Russian search and rescue teams, along with NASA flight surgeons and space station program managers, were standing by to help the Soyuz crew. Three Antonov airplanes, 14 Mi-8 helicopters, and seven rescue vehicles took part in the search for the capsule. Samokutyayev was the first to be extracted out of the Soyuz descent module, followed by Garan and Borisenko. All three appeared relaxed and in good health as they rested in recliners near the descent module. After quick medical examinations inside a nearby erected tent, the crew were flown to Karaganda for an official welcome home ceremony. From there Samokutyaev and Borisenko flew to Star City near Moscow while Garan boarded a NASA jet to fly back to the Johnson Space Center in Houston.
Call sign.
The crew of Soyuz TMA-21 selected "Tarkhany" as their call sign of respect for Mikhail Lermontov's work. Lermontov grew up in the village of Tarkhany (in the Penza Governorate), which now preserves his remains. Year 2011 also marks the 170th anniversary of his fatal duel with fellow army officer Nikolai Martynov in 1841.

</doc>
<doc id="20331596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331596" title="Eddie May (Scottish footballer)">
Eddie May (Scottish footballer)

Eddie May (born 30 August 1967) is a Scottish football player and manager.
Playing career.
He played as a midfielder and full back for several clubs, including Hibernian, Falkirk and Motherwell during the 1980s and 1990s.
Coaching career.
After retiring as a player, May became a coach, developing young players for Falkirk. May was appointed as the manager of Falkirk in June 2009, with former player Steven Pressley and Alex Smith assisting him. His first competitive game was a 1–0 victory over FC Vaduz in the UEFA Europa League qualifying rounds, although Falkirk eventually lost their first ever European tie 2–1 on aggregate, becoming the first British club to lose a European tie to a club from Liechtenstein. May developed a reputation for being brutally honest during his spell in charge at Falkirk. May resigned as Falkirk manager soon afterwards, however, with the team bottom of the SPL.
May returned to football in June 2010, becoming a youth coach with Rangers. He was appointed "High Performance Coach" at the University of Stirling in August 2012.
Acting role.
May appeared for a brief goal in Rangers colours in the movie A Shot at Glory which also starred Ally McCoist, Brian Cox, Michael Keaton and Owen Coyle.

</doc>
<doc id="20331627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331627" title="Delfzijl railway station">
Delfzijl railway station

Delfzijl is a terminus railway station located in Delfzijl, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 15 June 1884 and is located on the Groningen–Delfzijl railway. The station is operated by Arriva. The railway line does continue further east, but only for freight trains.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Delfzijl:

</doc>
<doc id="20331634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331634" title="DPAG">
DPAG

DPAG is an acronym and can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20331644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331644" title="Ebira language">
Ebira language

Ebira (Egbira) is a Nupoid language spoken by over a million people in the Kogi State, Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="20331647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331647" title="Nupoid languages">
Nupoid languages

The Nupoid languages are spoken in central Nigeria, including the city of Kaduna and the capital Abuja. They include the Nupe, Gbagyi, and Ebira languages, each with about a million speakers.

</doc>
<doc id="20331656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331656" title="Valentin Galochkin">
Valentin Galochkin

Valentin Andreevich Galochkin () (November 22, 1928 – November 3, 2006) was a prominent Soviet (Ukrainian, Russian) sculptor.
Biography.
Galochkin was born in Dnipropetrovsk (USSR) on November 22, 1928. His father Andrey Andreevich Galochkin (Russian) came from the Kaluga region and was a restaurant chef, later a modeler. Mother Olga Grigorievna Liberman (Jewish) came from the town of Chegorin (Ukraine) and worked as an accountant. Honesty and decency were of high value in the family which later shaped the sculptor's position of not supporting what he didn't hold for right.
When World War II began in 1941 the family was evacuated to the Krasnodar region, then to Uzbekistan, returning in 1944 to Dnipropetrovsk. From 1944 till 1949 Valentin Galochkin attended an art school in Dnipropetrovsk and learned from Professor Zhiradkov. From 1949 till 1955 he studied sculpture at Kiev Institute of Fine Arts. His favorite professor was Max Isaevich Gelmann.
Galochkin's graduation work "Steel smelter" (1956) was such a success, that the institute cast it in bronze and sold it to the USSR Ministry for Culture to exhibit in Lvov State Art Museum (Ukraine). Galochkin was immediately appointed head artist of Kiev sculpture works and remained at this post till 1959.
At the age of 29, Galochkin was nominated for the Lenin Prize for his work "Hiroshima" (1957); at that time this was the highest award in the USSR, however the prize went to 83-year-old Sergey Konenkov.
Very soon the young Galochkin's career came to a halt due to conflicts with the communist authorities. The sculptor refused to join the Communist Party of the USSR and actively support the soviet propaganda seeing his mission as an artist in achieving recognition regardless of his personal connections with the party leaders. Although he had to accept government's orders until 1991 for propaganda-serving monuments in Russia and the Ukraine he did his best to express general human values and reduce communist pathos.
In 1968, Valentin Galochkin won a prize in a Festival of young artists in Vienna. In 1960s and 1970s he visited the UK, France, Egypt and Greece. He was impressed by the Louvre in Paris. As he later recalled, he had so long waited to see this "temple of art" that right at the entrance, after having seen the statue of Nike of Samothrace, he couldn't help crying and for two hours didn't dare to enter the museum.
Valentin Galochkin was married three times. The first marriage in (1958) was to Yulia Ukader (Soviet, Ukrainian sculptor). A daughter from the first marriage is Tatiana Ryabokon, born Galochkina (painter). The second marriage in (1978) was to Elena Bokshitskaya (cinema-reviewer). A daughter from the second marriage is Anna Bokshitskaya (journalist). The third marriage in (1980) was to Lidia Galochkina, born Abramenko (Russian sculptor, graphic artist). Sons from the third marriage are Igor Galochkin (programmer) and Andrey Galochkin (engineer). Valentin Galochkin was a sportsman, a Master of Sports in swimming and volleyball, hunter and fisherman.
In 1986, after the Chernobyl disaster, the sculptor moved with his family from Kiev to Moscow. With the Dissolution of the USSR in 1991, as with many artists, Valentin Galochkin faced financial difficulties and for nine years had to live by selling his older works. In 1999 he emigrated to Wismar in Germany, and in 2002 moved to Hamburg. In 2002, he felt ill and had to undergo a few operations. He died from a heart attack on 3 November 2006 on a trip to Russia, in Moscow. He was buried in Nakhabino cemetery on November 8, 2006.
Artistic style.
His early works, including the graduation work "Steel smelter" (1956) follow the standards of
soviet realism set up by Vera Mukhina, Ivan Shadr, Sergey Merkurov.
The first significant work "Hiroshima" (1957) which made Galochkin well known in the USSR is devoted to the victims of atomic bombing of Hiroshima in World War II. "Hiroshima" expresses the sculptor's protest against nuclear weapons, a call for humanness.
From 1957 till 1991 Galochkin produced dozens of state-ordered parade monuments and busts to Vladimir Lenin and other soviet leaders. However the sculptor never treated these works as art. Already as a young artist he became disillusioned with the principles of soviet realism. He studied European and American art, especially Henry Moore, Ossip Zadkine, Amedeo Modigliani.
A series of monuments by Galochkin is devoted to World War II. His view of war is however very far from the one of the soviet propaganda. Having survived the war as a child, he portrays the suffering of common people instead of youthfully marching soldiers or triumphant military leaders.
His work "Leaving for the front" 1957, carved from one piece of wood, shows the last passionate kiss of a soldier leaving his wife. In memorial "Victim" 1964 a shape of a human appears as a breach in solid stone, as if formed by an exploding shell. The disappeared human being has left a trace, a silhouette in the air. The memorial to the victims of Babi Yar (working title "Violence") 1964 - a pregnant woman, cut in half is a terrible symbol for the mass executions of Jews. Monument "Widows" 1975 depicts an old and a young woman (mother and wife) eternally holding the soldier's helmet. In the work "Gate of sorrow" 1976 two "women are mourning over a heavy loss, like atlantes". "Memorial to the burnt village" 1979 - a girl standing in the flame.
A common theme of Galochkin's indoor sculpture is the figure of a woman and female torso. Unfortunately most of his studies and works depicting the female body in a realistic manner did not survive to the present day. His presentation of the nude body gradually changed from a realistic to more and more a symbolic one. In works "Queen" 1965, "River" 1970, "Cellist" 1975 the figure of a woman is stylized, converted into a play of silhouettes, volumes, and "shapes of air". Valentin Galochkin develops his own concept of sculpture as a multitude of silhouettes, which are built by the air surrounding the sculpture. From different angles of view the same sculpture makes a different silhouette.
A special place in Galochkin's works belongs to the geometrical form of ellipse in which he sees the basis of composition and "the drive to harmony". His "Torsos" of 1969 and 1975 convert female torsos into ellipse-reminding, strained and balanced shapes.
Citations (from working notes).
"Even beautiful but designed and therefore annoying rhythms and silhouettes are also lies, a make-up, so empty and distant."
"Only pationless can have a quality of the eternal."
"If there is an objective concept of "beauty" and if beautiful, in this case, should remain forever beautiful, one should create in accordance with the laws of the universe."
"Not preciocity makes a work of art timeless and great, but its naked, sincere truth and purity, so simple as the earth itself, faceup opened to people."
"What does this beauty of a thing consist of? Perhaps, first of all, of harmony and inner rhythm and cohesion, rationality and hidden appropriateness."
"For your inner world to become valuable to others, not to yourself only, it must be humane."
"In a piece of art there must be a mystery."

</doc>
<doc id="20331658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331658" title="Delfzijl West railway station">
Delfzijl West railway station

Delfzijl West is a railway station located in Delfzijl, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 15 June 1884 and is located on the Groningen–Delfzijl railway. The station is operated by Arriva.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Delfzijl West:

</doc>
<doc id="20331664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331664" title="Sequins 2">
Sequins 2

Sequins 2 is a limited edition extended play by Irish singer Róisín Murphy. It was released by Echo Records on 12-inch vinyl in February 2005.
Songs.
The opening track "Sow into You" uses a metaphor of rain and harvests to describe love and sex, atop a baroque pop brass arrangement. The third track "Dear Diary" is a torch song mixing northern soul with disco music with the sounds of doorbells and telephones ringing. The extended play closes with "Leaving the City", which slowly builds up during the introduction and uses out of tune instrumentation and a repetitive chorus.
Cover artwork.
The cover of "Sequins 2" was painted by Simon Henwood. Murphy met Henwood in a pub, and Henwood, who was known for his simplified paintings of teenagers, thought that she would be a good subject for a painting. Henwood came to Murphy's house the next week and, while they were looking through her wardrobe, decided to have her dressed in sequins. Murphy positioned her body in abstract shapes for Henwood to paint. She developed a character, which Henwood described as a "disco electro pop diva with a 1940s look". His canvases were displayed at The Hospital in Victoria, London, and Murphy purchased them "for kids so they can see what [she once looked like." 
Track listing.
All tracks written and composed by Róisín Murphy and Matthew Herbert.
Personnel.
The following people contributed to "Sequins 2":

</doc>
<doc id="20331669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331669" title="Eleonora di Garzia di Toledo">
Eleonora di Garzia di Toledo

Eleonora di Garzia di Toledo (March 1553 – 11 July 1576), more often known as "Leonora" or "Dianora", was the daughter of García Álvarez de Toledo, 4th Marquis of Villafranca, Duke of Fernandina, and the wife of Don Pietro de' Medici, a son of Cosimo I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany. Leonora was born in Florence, where she was brought up by Cosimo and Eleanor of Toledo, her aunt and namesake. Betrothed to their son Pietro at the age of 15, she blossomed under the wing of Pietro's older sister, the artistic patron Isabella, into a vivacious and witty beauty. Her marriage, like Isabella's, was not a success, and she followed her mentor's example of taking lovers. For this reason, Pietro had her brought in 1576 to the country retreat of Cafaggiolo, where he strangled her to death with a dog leash. Cosimo's successor, Francesco I, tacitly approved the murder, and Pietro was never brought to justice for it.
Until recently, little was known of Leonora di Garzia di Toledo, and she was not identified as the sitter of several portraits of her. The facts of her life have emerged from the growing scholarship on Isabella de' Medici, with whom she has much in common. In the view of art historian Gabrielle Langdon, "Her story is valuable in revealing attitudes and legalities attendant on the lives and decorum of women in the early-modern Italian court".
Life.
Born at the Florentine court in March 1553, Leonora was the daughter of García Álvarez de Toledo y Osorio, Marquis of Villafranca del Bierzo and Duke of Fernandina, and Vittoria d'Ascanio Colonna. Her father and mother were staying in Florence because García Álvarez had charge of the castles of Valdichiana in the region. When Vittoria Colonna died a few months later, Leonora was left in the care of her aunt Eleonora, the Duchess of Florence. Eleonora and Cosimo raised her lovingly at the Medici court, where she remained for the rest of her life, in effect a "menina"—a girl groomed for a life at court, in the Spanish tradition of courtly fostering.
García Álvarez went on to become the Viceroy of Catalonia (1558–64) and the Viceroy of Sicily (1564–66) on behalf of Philip II of Spain and served as Philip's commander at the Battle of Lepanto in 1571. He was the son of Pedro Álvarez de Toledo (1484–1583), the Spanish Viceroy of Naples. The family came from the grandee class of Spanish nobles, the highest in the land, which was often entrusted with viceroyal powers in Spanish and Habsburg territories; Toledo has been called "Christendom's wealthiest benefice". In 1539, Pedro Alvarez de Toledo's daughter Eleonora had been married to the duke of Florence, Cosimo I de' Medici, as part of a process of legitimising the Medici ducal title, granted only in 1532, under Habsburg auspices. She went on to bear Cosimo 11 children, including the future grand dukes Francesco and Ferdinando, as well as Pietro and Isabella.
After Eleonora died in 1562, Cosimo's daughter Isabella replaced her as the first lady of Florence. She acted as a surrogate consort and also took over the supervision of Leonora's upbringing. The red-headed Leonora, who possessed a natural charm, was popular in the Medici family. At the age of five, she was reported as being a comfort to Cosimo's second daughter Lucrezia, from whom she became inseparable, when Lucrezia was apart from her husband Alfonso d'Este. Lucrezia died in 1561, leaving Isabella as Cosimo's only surviving daughter; the duke was, however, extremely fond of Leonora, and treated her as his own daughter. He was charmed by her vivacity and physical vigour—she delighted in horsemanship and arms—though he occasionally gently reminded her to behave with more decorum. Owing to the close family and political ties between the House of Medici and the viceroyal family of Toledo, a marriage was arranged between Leonora and Cosimo's son Pietro, with whom she had grown up and who was of a similar age. The couple were betrothed in 1568 when Leonora was 15, with the approval of Philip II of Spain. Garcia Álvarez de Toledo provided her with a dowry of 40,000 gold ducats. They were married at the Palazzo Vecchio in April 1571, and it was reported that Pietro had to be forced to consummate the union. In 1573, Leonora gave birth to a son, Cosimo ("Cosimino"), who was the sole male Medici heir in this generation until his death three years later.
For Leonora, the marriage brought both advantages and disadvantages. On the one hand, it cemented her relationship with one of the richest families in Europe and allowed her to remain at a court where women were often granted more freedom, or at least discretion, than elsewhere; on the other hand, Pietro was the least stable of the Medici offspring, exhibiting from an early age a cruel and disturbed temperament that troubled his parents. As a result, the marriage, unlike that of Cosimo and Eleonora, was never a physical and emotional success. In this it resembled that of Isabella de' Medici, whose protegée Leonora became, and Paolo Giordano I Orsini. Duke Cosimo had married his beloved daughter Isabella into the House of Orsini for political reasons, to strengthen his position on the borders of southern Tuscany. Although Isabella had two children by Paolo Giordano, she had chosen not to live at her husband's castle at Bracciano or in Rome, where he conducted his political and amorous affairs. Instead, with Cosimo's permission, she had remained in Florence, cultivating an artistic salon at her Villa Baroncelli in the south of the city,"She brought a vivacity and cultural lustre to the Medici court that ushered it into its second phase of development, as a flourishing centre for music, literature, and intensely patriotic linguistic endeavours centred on the codification of vernacular Tuscan as the official language of Italy." Langdon, 147.</ref> and discreetly taking lovers, notably Troilo Orsini, a cousin of her husband's. Leonora became part of Isabella's circle and renowned for her beauty and vivacity. Like Isabella, she sponsored charities and the arts, serving as the patron of the literary Accademia degli Alterati. Neglected by her husband, she also followed Isabella's example in taking lovers. Under the libertarian Cosimo, such behaviour was tolerated as long as discretion was maintained and the marriages reaped political advantages. The women's respective husbands conducted affairs of their own, leading largely separate lives.
Thus matters stood until the death of Cosimo, by then raised to the title of grand duke, in 1574. His successor, the reclusive Grand Duke Francesco, was, however, very different. Though he maintained a mistress of his own, much to the distress of his wife, Joanna of Austria, Cosimo's eldest son was a much less sociable and tolerant ruler than his father. Rather than attend court and participate in the artistic life of Florence, he preferred to pursue science, often locking himself up in his laboratory in the Casino of San Marco to carry out experiments in alchemy, poisons, and porcelain-making. Unfortunately for Isabella, her brother did not look upon her lifestyle as indulgently as Cosimo. While he continued to cultivate the advantageous relations between her husband's house and Florence, he was less willing to turn a blind eye to the behaviour of Isabella and Leonora and to the complaints of their spouses, for whom their adultery was a question of honour rather than jealousy. Eleven years younger than Isabella, Leonora was somewhat less prudent in her amorous adventures. Neither woman, however, grasped the danger posed to them by the new regime or the extremity of the plotting that began to coil against them.
Death.
On 11 July 1576, Pietro de' Medici sent a note to his brother, Grand Duke Francesco, from the Villa Medici at Cafaggiolo, north of Florence: "Last night at six hours an accident occurred to my wife and she died. Therefore Your Highness be at peace and write me what I should do, and if I should come back or not.". The next day, Francesco wrote to his brother Ferdinando in Rome: "Last night, around five o'clock, a really terrible accident happened to Donna Leonora. She was found in bed, suffocated, and Don Pietro and the others were not in time to revive her".
In fact, Leonora's death was not an accident: Pietro had murdered her in cold blood, with Francesco's connivance. She was 23. Six days later, in a similar manner, her best friend, Isabella de' Medici, was strangled by her husband, Paolo Giordano, and an assistant at the remote Medici villa at Cerreto Guidi. Francesco announced the death of his sister as an accident. On 29 July, the ambassador of the Duchy of Ferrara wrote in code to Alfonso d'Este:
I advise Your Excellency of the announcement of the death of Lady Isabella; of which I heard as soon as I arrived in Bologna, has displeased as many as had the Lady Leonora's; both ladies were strangled, one at Cafaggiolo and the other at Cerreto. Lady Leonora was strangled on Tuesday night; having danced until two o'clock, and having gone to bed, she was surprised by Lord Pietro [with a dog leash at her throat, and after much struggle to save herself, finally expired. And the same Lord Pietro bears the sign, having two fingers of his hand injured by being bitten by the lady. And if he had not called for help two wretches from Romagna, who claim to have been summoned there precisely for this purpose, he would perhaps have fared worse. The poor lady, as far as we can understand, made a very strong defence, as was seen by the bed, which was found all convulsed, and by the voices which were heard by the entire household. As soon as she died, she was placed in a coffin prepared there for this event, and taken to Florence in a litter at six o'clock in the morning, led by those from the villa, and accompanied with eight white tapers by six brothers and four priests; she was interred as if she were a commoner.
The diarist Agostino Lapini recorded that everyone knew very well that Leonora had been killed. "he was ... beautiful, gracious, genteel, becoming, charming, affable," he wrote, "and above all had two eyes in her head which were like two stars in their beauty". Bastiano Arditi recorded that she was "deposited in a box, in San Lorenzo, without any other ceremonies".
At first, Grand Duke Francesco put it about that Leonora had died of a heart attack. But the Florence grapevine knew otherwise, and the Spanish were outraged at this treatment of such a high-ranking subject of their crown. Under pressure, Francesco eventually admitted the truth. He wrote to Philip II of Spain, on whose favour his title depended: "Although in the letter I had told you of Donna Eleonora's accident, I have nevertheless to say to His Catholic Majesty that Lord Pietro our brother had taken her life himself because of the treason she had committed through behaviour unbecoming to a lady ... We wish that His Majesty should know the truth ... and at the first opportunity he will be sent the proceedings through which she should have known with what just reasons Lord Pietro acted".
The "proceedings" Francesco had in mind concerned the documented behaviour of Leonora's lover Bernadino Antinori, who had often been seen publicly with her in her coach. Francesco had imprisoned Antinori, a hero of the Battle of Lepanto and member of the prestigious Order of Saint Stephen, on Elba in June 1576, having briefly imprisoned him earlier in the year for brawling. Love letters and poems written by Antinori, extolling Leonora's beauty and charms in minute Petrarchian detail, were "found hidden in her foot stool". Antinori was strangled in his cell two days before Leonora met the same fate. There was also a political dimension to the murders, because Antinori and another associate of Leonora's, Pierino Ridolfi—according at least to Ridolfi's confession under torture—were implicated in an anti-Medici vendetta led by Orazio Pucci. For this reason, Francesco convinced himself that Leonora's misdemeanours had also encompassed treason.
Francesco's approval meant that Pietro was never brought to justice for Leonora's murder, despite the protests of her brother Pedro Álvarez de Toledo y Colonna that her death was unacceptable. However, just over a year after the murder, Francesco exiled Pietro to the Spanish court, where he largely spent the rest of his life, visiting Florence only to beg money to pay his gambling debts. Francesco sent Pietro away "to see if he makes a man of this house and rises above the indolence that vainly consumes the best years of his youth". Pietro died in 1604, unreformed and mired in debt.

</doc>
<doc id="20331686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331686" title="Joseph Rallo">
Joseph Rallo

Joseph Rallo is the 5th president of Angelo State University. He assumed this position in May 2007.
Education.
Rallo earned his Bachelors degree in Russian history from Lafayette College, Masters and Doctorate degrees from the Maxwell School at Syracuse University and a law degree from Western New England College. His Academic Specialties are in Russian history‚ global business policy and law. While at Lafayette he joined Delta Tau Delta International Fraternity.
Career.
Joseph Rallo has taught at Rutgers and University of Southern Colorado and was Director of the West European Program and Associate Professor of International Relations at the United States Air Force Academy and served as Director of International Programs and Associate Professor of International business at Michigan Technological University. Since his entrance to College Administration he has served as the Dean of Business at Ferris State University, Dean of the College and Graduate School of Business Administration at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs, Director of the Colorado Institute for Technology Transfer and Implementation and Provost and Academic Vice President at Western Illinois University. 
He has also served as a Fulbright Scholar and a NATO fellow. He has testified before Congressional committees on Science, Space and Technology and peer reviewed business grants for the U.S. Department of Education Business and International Education Program and the U.S. Department of Education Undergraduate International Studies and Foreign Language Program as an expert on International Business topics, the European Union and Aerospace. In addition to his academic career he has served in the United States Air Force in both the active duty and the reserves. He retired in 2008 at the rank of Colonel.

</doc>
<doc id="20331717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331717" title="Idoma language">
Idoma language

The Idoma is the second official language spoken in Benue state central Nigeria by nearly a million people.

</doc>
<doc id="20331722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331722" title="Idomoid languages">
Idomoid languages

The Idomoid languages are spoken in central Nigeria. Idoma itself is an official language spoken by nearly a million people, and Igede by about a quarter million.
Languages.
"Ethnologue" includes Eloyi, though that assignment is outdated. (See Plateau languages.) They also call the non-Yace branch "Akweya" despite the fact that Yace also goes by that name. 

</doc>
<doc id="20331725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331725" title="Japanese Adult Video Awards">
Japanese Adult Video Awards

Although pornography in Japan has a long history and is a major business, until recently, the adult video industry did not develop a broad-based set of awards for sales or performance such as the AVN Awards in American pornography.
That has changed in recent years, and the two primary awards given at present (which are covered in separate articles) are the AV Grand Prix for retail and internet videos and the Adult Broadcasting Awards for programs broadcast on Japanese satellite TV.
This text is focused on the various earlier Japanese adult video awards given in the period 1991–2008, none of which are presently active. Some were given only infrequently and many were limited to particular studios or groups of companies.
Tokyo Sports Film Awards (1991–1999).
The Tokyo Sports Film Awards (東京スポーツ映画大賞) are sponsored by the Japanese tabloid newspaper Tokyo Sports. The award ceremonies are always held in January for movies in the previous year. The first awards were given in 1991 for the 1990 cinema year. The awards were for mainstream movies but occasionally awards were also given for adult video work. The sometimes idiosyncratic selections were made by famed filmmaker and actor Takeshi Kitano. Adult awards ended with the establishment of the Takeshi Kitano Entertainment Awards in 2000.
1st Tokyo Sports Awards (1991).
AV Award Best Actress
No AV Awards given 1992–1997
8th Tokyo Sports Awards (1998).
AV Award Best Actress
AV Award Best Actor
9th Tokyo Sports Awards (1999).
AV Award Best Actress
AV Award Best Actor
Takeshi Kitano Entertainment Awards (2000–2006).
The Takeshi Kitano Entertainment Awards (ビートたけしのエンターテインメント賞) were begun by Tokyo Sports in 2000 for the 1999 entertainment year. They run in parallel with the Tokyo Sports Film Awards. Filmmaker, director and actor Takeshi Kitano is the head of the screening committee. Awards are given in the Performing Arts but from the start they have included categories for adult video work. The adult awards ceased after the 2006 presentations.
1st Takeshi Kitano Awards (2000).
Star AV Actress
Star AV Actor
2nd Takeshi Kitano Awards (2001).
Star AV Actress
Star AV Actor
3rd Takeshi Kitano Awards (2002).
Star AV Actress
Star AV Actor
Best AV Title
4th Takeshi Kitano Awards (2003).
Star AV Actress
Star AV Actor
Best AV Title
5th Takeshi Kitano Awards (2004).
Star AV Actress
Star AV Actor
Best AV Title
6th Takeshi Kitano Awards (2005).
Star AV Actress
Star AV Actor
Best AV Title
7th Takeshi Kitano Awards (2006).
Star AV Actress
Star AV Actor
Best AV Title
X City Adult Video Grand Prix Awards (1998–2004).
X City, the "BIGGEST ADULT SITE IN JAPAN!!", is the website of the Kuki Inc. conglomerate of adult video producers which includes Alice Japan, Media Station (Cosmos Plan), Max-A, SexiA, VIP and others. For a time it sponsored a fan vote based competition called the Adult Video Grand Prix (or Grandprix) which gave awards in various categories. Voting was done at the official website usually in November and early December for works and actresses nominated for that year. Results were announced in late December. Most of the nominees and awards for actresses and videos are from companies associated with Kuki.
X City AV '98 Awards.
Best AV Idol Award
The City AVGY '99 Awards.
Determined by fan e-mail votes from the official website. Votes were for New Faces, Big Breasts, Most Beautiful and Wildest. The overall Grand Prix winner was chosen from a combination these votes. The voting period was from November 12 to December 12, 1999 and the winners were announced December 24, 1999.
Grand Prix Winner
Best Newcomer Award
Best Breasts Award
Most Beautiful Actress Award
Best Nasty Actress Award
2000 X City Grand Prix Awards.
No information on results
2001 X City Grand Prix Awards.
Voting was done by making selections by e-mail from the official site. Voting ended December 27, 2001:
Best Actress Award
Also nominated for Best Actress were Momo Kanda and Koharu Tohno
Best New Actress Award
Also nominated for Best New Actress were Asuka Ozora and Ayumi Tahara
Best Video Title Award
Best Breasts Award
Best Lolita Award
Prettiest Face Award
Best Mature Actress Award
2002 X City Grand Prix Awards.
Results of the voting:
Best Actress Award
Best New Actress Award
Best Video Title Award
Best Breasts Award
Best Lolita Award
Prettiest Face Award
Nastiest Actress Award
2003 X City Grand Prix Awards.
Results of the voting:
Best Actress Award
Also nominated for Best Actress were Naho Ozawa, Nao Oikawa, Ran Asakawa, Rei Ito, Sakurako Tokiwa, Izumi Hasegawa and Mai Haruna
Best New Actress Award
Also nominated for Best New Actress were Akiho Yoshizawa, Miyuki Uehara, Hijiri Kayama, Mirano Matsushita, Yuki Maioka, Yuna Mizumoto and Yuria Yoshinaga
Best Video Title Award
Best Breasts Award
Prettiest Face Award
2004 X City Grand Prix Awards.
Results of the voting:
Best Actress Award
Best New Actress Award
Best Video Title Award
Best Body Award
SOD AV Awards (2002–2006).
The Soft On Demand (SOD) porn conglomerate had its own Grand Prix awards before it sponsored the AV Open. The first awards were presented in 2002 and the 5th and last event took place in Tokyo in 2006. As usual with studio awards, prizes were given to actresses and staff from the SOD group of companies.
2002 SOD Awards.
Best Video
2003 SOD Awards.
The 2003 SOD Award (SOD大賞) ceremony was held on November 26, 2003 at the Century Hyatt hotel in Shinjuku, Tokyo, a 40 million yen party with 500 attendees mostly devoted to professional wrestling with AV awards and actresses as a side attraction. Actresses from the American porn company Vivid Entertainment were also part of the scene. Hostess for the awards ceremony was future AV superstar Nana Natsume making her first appearance for SOD.
Best Actress Award
2004 SOD Awards.
No information
4th Annual SOD Awards 2005.
The 4th SOD Award (2005年 第４回 SOD大賞) ceremony was held December 14, 2005 at the Hotel New Otani in Tokyo. In addition to the awards, the inauguration of the AV Open competition in association with Tokyo Sports was announced and representatives from the various studios involved in the AV Open contest were present.
SOD Award (for contributions to company sales and image)
Best Actress Award
Actress Awards for Excellence
Best Director Award
Director Award for Excellence
Best New Director Award
Manufacturer's Excellence Award
Writer's Award
Actor's Award
Supporting Actress Award
Cinematographer Award
Still Photographer Award
Sound Award
Best Rental Video Award
5th Annual SOD Awards 2006.
The 5th and last SOD Award (2006年第5回SOD大賞) ceremony was held in Tokyo on December 14, 2006. The SOD awards were subsequently replaced by the broader based AV Open competition.
SOD Award (for contributions to company sales and image)
Best Actress Award (based on sales)
Actress Awards for Excellence
Best New Actress Award (based on sales)
Best Director Award (based on sales)
Director Awards for Excellence
Best New Director Award
Manufacturer's Excellence Award
New Manufacturer Award
KMP Million Academy Award Prize 2004.
At a ceremony held in Tokyo on December 15, 2004, the KMP studio announced the winners of their in-house Million Academy Award Prize (ミリオンアカデミー大賞受賞) contest which was determined by fan voting:
Academy Award Prize
Awards for excellence
AV Actress Grand Prix 2006.
The Hirorin awards (ヒロリン大賞２００６) were determined by a combination of viewer votes and total sales of videos. This award from the "AV Actress Hirorin Fan Blog" website seems to have been given only for 2006. It should be distinguished from the 2006 AV Open contest awards and from the later AV Grand Prix competition.
AV Grand Prix Winner
Best Actress Winner
Best Actress Awards for Excellence
Best New Actress Winner
Best New Actress Awards for Excellence
Best Video Award
Special Award
Dogma D-1 Climax Awards (2005–2007).
The D-1 Climax (D-1　クライマックス) awards were a competition among directors. The AV studio Dogma invited a number of directors to produce a video under the Dogma label. The winner was determined by sales of the video over a three-month period and judges' votes.
1st D-1 Climax Awards 2005.
Nine directors were chosen for the first competition. Videos were released on September 15, 2005 as Dogma D1-001 through D1-009. Dogma also released a DVD with scenes from the videos and a bonus video of the D-1 Climax ceremonies.
Director's Grand Prix Award
2nd D-1 Climax Awards 2006.
For the second contest, 11 directors competed with videos released by Dogma on September 15, 2006 as a series of DVDs numbered D1-201 through D1-211. Once again, a video was released with selected scenes plus the D-1 Climax ceremony. The award ceremonies which took place on December 20, 2006 also featured an open audition for 42 prospective actresses and the "Erotic Cinderella Award" (エロシンデレラ) for Best Actress.
Director's Grand Prix Award
Erotic Cinderella Award for Best Actress
Kurumi Morishita Award
3rd D-1 Climax Awards 2007.
In the third and last competition, 14 directors produced videos, released by Dogma on September 15, 2007 as a series of DVDs numbered D1-301 through D1-314. There was also an open audition for 60 aspiring porn actresses as part of the award ceremonies held on December 29, 2007.
Director's Grand Prix Award
Moodyz Awards (2001–2008).
The Moodyz Awards began in 2001 as part of a year-end bonenkai (忘年会) party held for Moodyz actresses and staff to honor achievements during the year. Awards were given for actresses, directors, and video titles with the most prestigious prize being the Moodyz Award.
2001 Moodyz Awards.
The party and award ceremony were held at the 'NEPUSHISU" Restaurant in Shibuya, Tokyo on December 27, 2001 with 217 participants. The following awards were given:
Moodyz Award
Best Actress Award
Best Director Award
Special Actress Awards
Special Award Title
2002 Moodyz Awards.
The party and awards ceremony were held in Ebisu, Tokyo on December 18, 2002 with 400 people in attendance. Awards were given in the following categories:
Moodyz Award
Best Actress Award
Best Director Award
Best Newcomer Award
Special Actress Award
Special Award Title
2003 Moodyz Awards.
Held in Ebisu, Tokyo on December 17, 2003 with more than 700 people participating including actresses and actors, managers, friends, directors and staff, and the press. Awards presented were:
Moodyz Award
Best Actress Award
Best Director Award
Best Newcomer Award
Special Actress Award
Special Award Title
Best Sales Award
2004 Moodyz Awards.
The ceremony took place on December 22, 2004 at a hotel in Shinjuku, Tokyo with about 120 AV actresses present. Also represented at the party in addition to Moodyz were AV studios Attackers, Madonna and IdeaPocket. The 2004 awards for the Moodyz company were:
Moodyz.
Moodyz Award
Best Actress Award
Actress Awards
Best Director Award
Director Awards
Best Newcomer Award
Newcomer Awards
Special Awards Titles
Special Actress Awards
Special Director Awards
Other studios.
Some of the other studios associated with the Hokuto Corporation also presented awards for their staff at the 2004 ceremony.
S1 No. 1 Style Awards
Attackers Awards
2005 Moodyz Awards.
Held in Tokyo in December 2005 with over 1000 in attendance including more than 300 actresses. For 2005, manufacturers S1 No. 1 Style, IdeaPocket, Attackers and Madonna also presented separate awards for their companies at the ceremony.
Moodyz.
Moodyz Award
Best Actress Award
Best Director Award
Best Newcomer Award
Special Actress Awards
Special Award Titles
S1.
Best Actress Award
Best Newcomer Award
S1 Award
IdeaPocket.
Speacial Award
Best Director Award
Best Actress Award
IdeaPocket Award
Attackers.
Best Director Award
Best Actress Award
Attackers Award
Madonna.
Best Actress Award
Madonna Award
2006 Moodyz Awards.
For the 2006 combined awards held in Tokyo on December 19, 2006, the participating studios included not only Moodyz but also S1 No. 1 Style, IdeaPocket, Attackers, Madonna, Cross, Premium, Opera, Yellow, Hajime-Kikaku and Goro Tameike, all associated with the Hokuto Corporation and selling their products via the DMM website. A fashion show and entertainment by erotic-rock band "Campakex" were part of the ceremony.
Best Actress Award
Best Title Award
Best Director Award
2007 Vegas Night.
In 2007 the awards were sponsored by Moodyz and 22 other AV manufacturers who distribute their products through DMM, the online distribution arm of the Hokuto Corporation. The field for award nominations was widened to include these other companies, including actresses and directors from S1 No. 1 Style who won the majority of the awards. The ceremony was held in Las Vegas, Nevada on December 17, 2007.
Best Actress Award
Best Title Award
Best Director Award
2008 Moodyz Awards.
The 2008 Moodyz Awards were even more broad-based than the 2007 Vegas Night with 37 AV producers participating.
Best Actress Award
Best Title
Best Director Award

</doc>
<doc id="20331752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331752" title="Transatlantic Years">
Transatlantic Years

__NOTOC__
Transatlantic Years is a double compilation album by Billy Connolly, released in 2001 on Sanctuary Records. It includes material recorded between 1969 and 1974, both with Connolly as a solo act and also as a member of the Humblebums, either with Gerry Rafferty or Tam Harvey (or, for a short period, both).
The liner notes include an anthology written by Shaun Stallard.

</doc>
<doc id="20331753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331753" title="Loppersum railway station">
Loppersum railway station

Loppersum is a railway station located in Loppersum, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 15 June 1884 and is located on the Groningen–Delfzijl railway. The service is operated by Arriva.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Loppersum:

</doc>
<doc id="20331757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331757" title="Amulet (novel)">
Amulet (novel)

Amulet ("Amuleto" in Spanish) is a short novel by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño (1953–2003). It was published in 1999. An English translation, by Chris Andrews, was published by New Directions in 2006.
The book is dedicated to the author's poet friend Mario Santiago Papasquiaro (1953–1998), who died the year it was being written; as "Ulises Lima", Santiago was prominently featured in "The Savage Detectives" and gets a cameo in this story.
Plot summary.
"Amulet" embodies in one woman’s voice the melancholy and violent history of Latin America. It begins: “This is going to be a horror story. A story of murder, detection and horror. But it won't appear to be, for the simple reason that I am the teller. Told by me, it won't seem like that. Although, in fact, it's the story of a terrible crime.”
The speaker is named Auxilio Lacouture, dubbed “the mother of Mexican poetry”, though her own take is, “I could say I am the mother of all Mexican poets, but I better not”. Tall, thin, blonde, and old enough to actually be their mother, she's a Uruguayan exile living illegally in Mexico City since the 1960s, lending a maternal hand to those in need (even her forename means "Help" in Spanish), doing odd jobs for old writers and at the Faculty of Philosophy and Literature.
She becomes famous as the sole person who symbolically resists the army’s 1968 invasion of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) two weeks before the now infamous Tlatelolco massacre (2 October) — she hides in a fourth-floor lavatory cubicle "for thirteen days" from 18 to 30 September.
As she tries to outlast the occupiers and grows ever hungrier, Auxilio recalls her life, her lost teeth, her beloved friends and poets, and she soon moves on to strange landscapes: ice-bound mountains, seedy bars in “the dark night of the soul of Mexico City”, a terrifying chasm, and a bathroom where moonlight shines, moving slowly from tile to tile.
Her recollections mostly drift from 1965 (when she arrived in Mexico) to 1976 (when Belano left Mexico), but end on an eponymous vision of the victims: "And although the song that I heard was about war, about the heroic deeds of a whole generation of Latin Americans led to sacrifice, I knew that above and beyond all, it was about courage and mirrors, desire and pleasure. And that song is our amulet."
The novel also features Bolaño's only direct reference to the year eponymous of his novel "2666": “Guerrero, at that time of night, is more like a cemetery than an avenue, not a cemetery in 1974 or in 1968, or 1975, but a cemetery in the year 2666, a forgotten cemetery under the eyelid of a corpse or an unborn child, bathed in the dispassionate fluids of an eye that tried so hard to forget one particular thing that it ended up forgetting everything else.”
Auxilio was already featured in her own 10-page chapter of Bolaño's novel "The Savage Detectives" (1998), where she narrates her stay in the restroom of the besieged university. However, as Francisco Goldman has noted, "Amulet" "sings an enthralling and haunting ode to youth, life on the margins, poetry and poets, and Mexico City. Much more than a companion piece to "The Savage Detectives" - it shares some of the same characters - "Amulet" may be Bolaño's most autobiographical book. Formally and verbally, it also represents some of his most innovative and thrilling writing."
"Amulet" also reuses some other characters from "The Savage Detectives" (mainly the author's alter-ego, Arturo Belano, and his friend Ernesto San Epifanio, but also evokes Laura Jáuregui, Felipe Müller, and Ulises Lima). It also features some historical people, from Ché Guevara to mostly writers and artists (like León Felipe, Pedro Garfias, Rubén Bonifaz Nuño, López Azcárate, and Remedios Varo).

</doc>
<doc id="20331764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331764" title="85–95">
85–95

85–95 is a 1995 compilation recorded by French artist Marc Lavoine. It was the singer's first best of and his seventh album overall. It was released in October 1995 and achieved success in France and Belgium (Wallonia), where it reached the top four. This compilation contains all the singer's singles from the beginning of hi career, plus two unreleased songs : "Reste sur moi", a song previously written for Patricia Kaas on her 1993 album "Je te dis vous", and "Nu".
Track listings.
Source : "Allmusic".

</doc>
<doc id="20331767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331767" title="Sino-Arab relations">
Sino-Arab relations

Sino-Arab relations have extended historically back to the first Caliphate, with important trade routes, and good diplomatic relations. Following the age of Imperialism, the Sino-Arab relations have been haulted for several centuries, until both gained independence in the 19th and 20th century. Today, modern Sino-Arab relations are evolving into a new era, with the SACF (Sino-Arab cooperation Forum) helping China and the Arab nations to establish a new partnership in an era of the growing globalization.
History.
Medieval Era.
During the Tang dynasty, when relations with Arabs were first established, the Chinese called Arabs 大食(Dàshí or Dashi). In modern Chinese, Dashi means Great Food. The modern term for Arab is 阿拉伯 (Ālābó or Alabo).
The Arab Islamic Caliph Uthman Ibn Affan (r. 644-656) sent an embassy to the Tang court at Chang'an.
Although the Tang Dynasty and the Abbasid Caliphate had fought at Talas, on June 11, 758, an Abbasid embassy arrived at Chang'an simultaneously with the Uyghur Turks in order to pay tribute.
The Caliphate was called "Da Shi Guo" (ta shi kuo) 大食國.
A Chinese captured at Talas, Du Huan, was brought to Baghdad and toured throughout the caliphate. He observed that in Merv, Khurasan, Arabs and Persians lived in mixed concentrations. He gave an account of the Arab people in the Tongdian in 801 which he wrote when he returned to China.
Arabia was originally part of Persia. The men have high noses, are dark, and bearded. The women are very fair [white and when they go out they veil the face. Five times daily they worship God . They wear silver girdles, with silver knives suspended. They do not drink wine, nor use music. Their place of worship will accommodate several hundreds of people. Every seventh day the king (Caliph) sits on high, and speaks to those below saying, ' Those who are killed by the enemy will be born in heaven above; those who slay the enemy will receive happiness.' Therefore they are usually valiant fighters. Their land is sandy and stony, not fit for cultivation; so they hunt and eat flesh.
This (Kufa) is the place of their capital. Its men and women are attractive in appearance and large in stature. Their clothing is handsome, and their carriage and demeanor leisurely and lovely. When women go outdoors, they always cover their faces, regardless of whether they are noble or base. They pray to heaven five times a day. They eat meat [ even] when practicing abstention, they believe the taking of life to be meritorious.
The followers of the confession of the “Dashi” (the Arabs) have a means to denote the degrees of family relations, but it is degenerated and they don’t bother about it. They don’t eat the meat of pigs, dogs, donkeys and horses, they don’t respect neither the king of the country, neither their parents, they don’t believe in supernatural powers, they perform sacrifice to heaven and to no one else. According their customs every seventh day is a holiday, on which no trade and no cash transactions are done, whereas when they drink alcohol, they are behaving in a ridiculous and undisciplined way during the whole day.
An Arab envoy presented horses and a girdle to the Chinese in 713, but he refused to pay homage to the Emperor, said, he said "In my country we only bow to God never to a Prince". The first thing the court was going to do was to murder the envoy, however, a minister intervened, saying "a difference in the court etiquette of foreign countries ought not to be considered a crime." A second Arab envoy performed the required rituals and paid homage to the Emperor in 726 A.D. He was gifted with a "purple robe and a girdle".
There was a controversy between the Arab ambassadors and Uyghur Khaganate Ambassadors over who should go first into the Chinese court, they were then guided by the Master of Ceremonies into two different entrances. Three Da shi ambassadors arrived at the Tang court in 198 A.D. A war which was raging between the Arabs and Tibetans from 785-804 benefited the Chinese.
According to Professor Samy S. Swayd Fatimid missionaries made their Dawah in China during the reign of al-'Aziz bi-Allah.
Mercenaries.
In 756, over 4,000 Arab mercenaries joined the Chinese against An Lushan. After the war, they remained in China. Arab Caliph Harun al-Rashid established an alliance with China. The Abbasid caliph Abu Ja'far Abdallah ibn Muhammad al-Mansur (Abu Giafar) was the one who sent the mercenaries.Several embassies from the Abbaside Caliphs to the Chinese Court are recorded in the T'ang Annals, the most important of these being those of (A-bo-lo-ba) Abul Abbas, the founder of the new dynasty, that of (A-p'u-ch'a-fo) Abu Giafar, the builder of Bagdad, of whom more must be said immediately; and that of (A-lun) Harun al Raschid, best known, perhaps, in modern days through the popular work, Arabian Nights. The Abbasides or " Black Flags," as they were commonly called, are known in Chinese history as the Heh-i Ta-shih, " The Black-robed Arabs." 
Trade.
In Islamic times Muslims from South Arabia traded with China. Southern Arabia major exporter of frankincense in ancient times, with some of it being traded as far as China. The Chinese writer and customs inspector Zhao Rugua wrote on the origin of Frankincense being traded to China: 
"Ruxiang or xunluxiang comes from the three Dashi countries of Murbat (Maloba), Shihr (Shihe), and Dhofar (Nufa), from the depths of the remotest mountains. The tree which yields this drug may generally be compared to the pine tree. Its trunk is notched with a hatchet, upon which the resin flows out, and, when hardened, turns into incense, which is gathered and made into lumps. It is transported on elephants to the Dashi (on the coast), who then load it upon their ships to exchange it for other commodities in Sanfoqi. This is the reason why it is commonly collected at and known as a product of Sanfoqi." 
Ruxiang was the Chinese name for frankincense, and Dashi the Chinese name for Arabia.
20th Century.
The Republic of China under the Kuomintang had established relations with Egypt and Saudi Arabia in the 1930s. The Chinese government sponsored students like Wang Jingzhai and Muhammad Ma Jian to go the Al-Azhar University to study. Pilgrims also made the Hajj to Mecca from China.
Chinese Muslims were sent to Saudi Arabia and Egypt to denounce the Japanese during the Second Sino-Japanese War.
The Fuad Muslim Library in China was named after King Fuad I of Egypt by the Chinese Muslim Ma Songting.
In 1939 Isa Yusuf Alptekin and Ma Fuliang were sent by the Kuomintang to the Middle eastern countries such as Egypt, Turkey, and Syria to gain support for the Chinese War against Japan.
Egypt maintained relations until 1956, when Gamal Abdel Nasser cut off relations and established them with the communist People's Republic of China instead. Ma Bufang, who was then living in Egypt, then was ordered to move to Saudi Arabia, and became the Republic of China ambassador to Saudi Arabia. 
Ambassador Wang Shi-ming was a Chinese Muslim, and the Republic of China ambassador to Kuwait. The Republic of China also maintained relations with Libya, and Saudi Arabia.
By the 1990s all Arab states cut off ties with the Republic of China and established ties with the People's Republic of China instead.
The relations between China and the Arab League as an organization, officially started in 1956, yet it was in 1993, when the Arab League opened its first Office in China, when former Secretary general Essmat Abdel Megeed went to an official Visit to Beijing, in 1996, the Chinese president Jiang Zemin visited the Arab League headquarters during his visit in Cairo, to become the first Chinese leader to have an official visit for the Arab League.[http://www.cascf.org/ara/gyam/zgyamgx/]
Sino-Arab Cooperation Forum.
In the opening ceremony of the Forum in 2004, Chinese foreign minister Li Zhaoxing said that "the Arab world is an important force in the international arena, and that China and Arab countries enjoy a time-honored friendship." 
"Similar histories, common objectives and wide-ranging shared interests have enabled the two sides to strengthen cooperation," he said. "No matter how the international situation changes, China has always been the sincere friend of the Arab world."
The Sino-Arab Cooperation Forum was formally established during President Hu Jintao's visit to the League's headquarters in January 2004. Hu noted at the time that the formation of the forum was a continuation of the traditional friendship between China and the Arab world and an important move to promote bilateral ties under new circumstances. 
Li stated that "the establishment of the forum would be conducive to expanding mutually beneficial cooperation in a variety of areas." 
"China has submitted four proposals. First, maintaining mutual respect, equitable treatment and sincere cooperation on the political front. Second, promoting economic and trade ties through cooperation in investment, trade, contracted projects, labor service, energy, transportation, telecommunications, agriculture, environmental protection and information. Third, expanding cultural exchanges. Finally, conducting personnel training," he said. 
Arab foreign ministers attending the meeting agreed that the formal inauguration of the forum was a significant event in the history of Arab ties with China. They submitted a variety of proposals on promoting Sino-Arab friendship and cooperation. 
At the conclusion of the meeting, Li and Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa signed a declaration and an action plan for the forum. 
Li arrived in Cairo on Sunday evening for a three-day visit to Egypt, the last leg of a Middle East tour that has taken him to Saudi Arabia, Yemen and Oman.
The 2nd SACF was held in Beijing in 2006, it discussed the Chinese proposal of a Middle east Nuclear-free, and the peace process between Palestinians and Israelis. while the 3rd SAFC is set to be held in Bahrain 2008
The Joint Communiqué.
One of the major Joint Projects involves the Environment, the AL and PROC signed the Executive Program of the Joint Communiqué between the Environmental Cooperation for 2008–2009
The League of Arab States and the Government of People’s Republic of China signed the Joint Communiqué on Environmental Cooperation (referred to as the Joint Communiqué) on June 1, 2006. The Joint Communiqué is an important instrument that aims to deepen the regional environmental partnership between the two parties. Since the signing of the Joint Communiqué, the Chinese Ministry of Commerce and the Chinese Ministry of Environmental Protection have coorganized two environmental protection training courses in June 2006 and June 2007 respectively, in China.
In order to implement article 4 of the Joint Communiqué, both parties shall develop this Executive Program for 2008 and 2009. It aims to enhance the cooperation between the League of Arab States and China in the field of environmental protection, which is in line with the common aspiration of the two parties and their long term interests, and will help to promote the friendship between the two parties.
The two parties will try to involve relevant government departments and
sectors, and will actively promote and seek cooperation on the projects and
activities in the following areas:
01*Environmental Policies and Legislation
02*Biodiversity Conservation
03*Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, Waste Management and Control
of Other Kinds of Pollution
04*Cooperation on Combating Desertification and Managing Water Resources in
Arid Areas
05*Coordinating the Stand on Global Environmental Issues
06*Environmental Industry
07*Enhancing Environmental Education and Raising Public Awareness in
Environment
08*Other Projects that the two may develop and implement other projects of common interest after negotiating with relevant government departments and sectors.
09*Financial Arrangements
10*Final Provisions
This treaty was signed by Arab Ambassador Ahmed Benhelli Under secretary general Am Moussa's Approval, and Xu Qinghua Director General Department for International Cooperation, Ministry of Environmental Protection.

</doc>
<doc id="20331779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331779" title="Joseph Campau House">
Joseph Campau House

The Joseph Campau House is a private residence located at 2910 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The house is currently used as a law office.
Description.
The Joseph Campau House is a two-story house with a symmetrical three-bay façade; the exterior is faced with flush board siding on the front and clapboards on the other three sides. A porch, constructed in the 20th century, spans the front. The exterior is plain, with a pedimental window head center gabled second story window and a plain entablature board under the eaves as the only decorations.
Significance.
The house is one of the oldest residences in Detroit. It was built on land that was originally part of the Joseph Campau farm, a large tract of land awarded Joseph Campau's grandfather in 1734. Joseph Campau was among Detroit's leading citizens and wealthiest landowners at the dawn of the 19th century. Although he never lived in this house, it is the only residence identified with Joseph Campau.

</doc>
<doc id="20331782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331782" title="Stedum railway station">
Stedum railway station

Stedum is a railway station located in Stedum, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 15 June 1884 and is located on the Groningen–Delfzijl railway. The train services are operated by Arriva.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Stedum:

</doc>
<doc id="20331789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331789" title="Yaël Hassan">
Yaël Hassan

Yaël Hassan is a French-Israeli writer born in Paris in 1952.
She spent her childhood in Belgium, her adolescence in France, and her youth in Israel. She returned to France in 1984 with her family.
Making the most of the time of a very long immobilization, she writes her first novel, "A Grandfather Fallen from the Sky" (in French "Un grand-père tombé du ciel"), which won the Youth Novel Prize (Prix du Roman Jeunesse) in 1996 from the Ministry of Youth and Sports, the Young Readers Grand Prize from PEEP in 1998 and the Sorceress Prize in 1998.
Works.
The works of Yaël Hassan, the most part edited by Casterman, deal in general with simplicity of the subjects of actuality (the list below is not exhaustive).

</doc>
<doc id="20331801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331801" title="Basil Kelly">
Basil Kelly

Sir John William Basil Kelly, QC, PC(NI), PC (10 May 1920 – 5 December 2008) was a Northern Irish barrister, judge and politician.
Life.
He was born in Belfast and was educated at Methodist College Belfast and Trinity College, Dublin. He was called to the Northern Irish Bar in 1944 and took silk in 1958. He served as senior Crown Counsel in Tyrone, Fermanagh and Armagh from 1958 to 1968. 
Later career.
In 1964, he was elected to the House of Commons of Northern Ireland as Ulster Unionist member for Mid Down. He was appointed as Attorney General for Northern Ireland in 1968. He was appointed to the Privy Council of Northern Ireland in the 1969, entitling him to the style "The Right Honourable".
In March 1972, the entire Government of Northern Ireland resigned, and the Parliament of Northern Ireland was prorogued. As a result, Mr Kelly ceased to be Attorney General. The office of Attorney General for Northern Ireland was transferred to the Attorney General for England and Wales and Kelly was the last person to serve as Stormont's Attorney General. In 1973, he was appointed as a judge of the High Court of Northern Ireland, and then as a Lord Justice of Appeal of Northern Ireland in 1984, when he was also knighted and appointed to the Privy Council of the United Kingdom.
Death.
Sir Basil Kelly died at his home in Berkshire on 5 December 2008 after a short illness. He was 88 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="20331813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331813" title="Sauwerd railway station">
Sauwerd railway station

Sauwerd is a railway station located in Sauwerd, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 15 June 1884 and is located on the Groningen–Delfzijl railway and the Sauwerd–Roodeschool railway. The train services are operated by Arriva. 
Train service.
The following services currently call at Sauwerd:

</doc>
<doc id="20331817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331817" title="Dollar Lake (Wallowa County, Oregon)">
Dollar Lake (Wallowa County, Oregon)

Dollar Lake is a small tarn located on Aneroid Mountain in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of Northeastern Oregon, United States. It is between Aneroid Lake and Bonny Lakes and lies southwest of Aneroid Peak. It likely received its name because of its size and its almost perfectly round shape, much like that of a silver dollar. It is the fifth-highest lake in the Eagle Cap Wilderness.
Trail.
Dollar Lake can be accessed by Trail 1802. The route from Tenderfoot Trailhead or Tenderfoot Wagon Road Trail passes Bonny Lakes about before reaching Dollar Pass, at above sea level. Dollar Lake is off the trail, about southwest of the pass. A navigation device such as a compass or a GPS is recommended.

</doc>
<doc id="20331831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331831" title="Cotswold Canals">
Cotswold Canals

Cotswold Canals may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20331838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331838" title="Congenital ichthyosiform erythroderma">
Congenital ichthyosiform erythroderma

Congenital Ichthyosiform Erythroderma (CIE), also known as Nonbullous congenital ichthyosiform erythroderma is a rare type the ichthyosis family of skin diseases which occurs in 1 in 200,000 to 300,000 births.
Symptoms.
CIE has symptoms very similar to Lamellar ichthyosis (LI) but milder and is considered by many scientists to be a variant of that disease, so both diseases are grouped under the title autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis (ARCI).
The baby is often born in a collodion membrane, a shiny, wax outer layer on the skin and usually with ectropion, having the lower eyelid turned outwards. When the membrane is shed the skin is red with a generalized white scale. Palms, soles and areas on the joints are often affected with hyperkeratosis, a thickening of the layer of dead skin cells on the surface of the skin. In classical CIE (unlike LI) there is little eclabion (eversion of the lips), ectropion and alopecia (hair loss).
Many people with ACRI don't fit neatly into the definition of LI or CIE but have characteristics of both diseases. The definitions of CIE and LI describe the extremes of the range of ACRI.
Genetics.
CIE is an autosomal recessive genetic disorder. This means you need to inherit a defective pair of genes (one from each parent) to show the symptoms. Parents who are carriers of the defective genes show no symptoms but their children have a 25% chance of having CIE.
There are several genetic faults which can produce CIE. Known ones are in the transglutaminase-1 gene (TGM1), the 12R-lipoxygenase gene (ALOX12B), the lipoxygenase-3 gene (ALOXE3) and the ABHD5 gene.
Defects in the ABHD5 gene produce a type of CIE called Neutral lipid storage disease (Chanarin-Dorfman syndrome).

</doc>
<doc id="20331841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331841" title="Sweet Valley Twins">
Sweet Valley Twins

Sweet Valley Twins (also known as "Sweet Valley Twins and Friends") was the first spin-off to originate from Sweet Valley High, and was created by Francine Pascal and written by Jamie Suzanne. Published by Bantam Books on the first of July in 1986, the series starts with the twins wanting to differ from each other. They begin to dress differently; Elizabeth moves into her own room and starts up a sixth-grade newspaper, and Jessica starts wearing make-up and becomes a member of The Unicorn Club.
Main characters.
Jessica Wakefield is the complete opposite of her twin; she loves gossip, boys, and fashion. She prefers to hang out with the other members of The Unicorn Club, a club consisting of the prettiest and most popular girls at their school. She is a member of The Boosters, the school's cheerleading squad and often gets into trouble. She usually ends up concocting ridiculous schemes and drags Elizabeth along with her. Aaron Dallas is her constant love interest throughout the series. She also likes Johnny Buck cassettes.
They are both equally popular. They're described as having long, golden hair, blue-green eyes, a tan, and a dimple in their left cheek.
Elizabeth Wakefield is the elder twin, born four minutes before Jessica. Elizabeth enjoys reading (her favorite books are Amanda Howard mysteries) and writing, and hopes to become a journalist someday. She likes to concentrate on her school work and spend time with her friends. She writes for the sixth-grade newspaper, The Sixers, which she helped found. Elizabeth always helps Jessica out of her problems. She's often referred to as the reliable, more serious twin. Todd Wilkins is her constant love interest throughout the series.
Books.
Super Chillers.
These books were a series which saw the twins encountering supernatural things such as ghosts and curses.
The Unicorn Club.
This series traces the members of the Unicorn Club in the Wakefields' seventh grade. Each book was from the point of view of a different Unicorn. In this series, after Kimberly Haver, a snobby Unicorn moves to Atlanta (later moves back) and Janet Howell, the former president leaves to high school, the Unicorn club changes. Elizabeth, Maria and a sixth grader named Evie become Unicorns too, and they all volunteer at the day care center. When Kimberly moves back, things change, and Elizabeth, Maria, Evie and Mary leave the Unicorns and start a new club called the Angels.
Team Sweet Valley.
This short series lasted for two books and follows the Wakefield twins in the team sport endeavours. The first book was published in July 1996 with the "Team Sweet Valley" logo, but was republished in November 1996 as "a special Team Sweet Valley edition" that was part of Sweet Valley Twins.

</doc>
<doc id="20331852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331852" title="Freedom Monument (Tbilisi)">
Freedom Monument (Tbilisi)

The Freedom Monument (; "tavisuplebis monument'i"), commonly known as the St. George Statue, is a memorial located in Tbilisi, Georgia, dedicated to the freedom and independence of the Georgian nation. Unveiled in 2006 in Tbilisi's central square, the monument of granite and gold is high and is easily spotted from any point of the city. The actual statue — tall, made of bronze and covered with gold — is a gift to the city from its creator, Georgian sculptor Zurab Tsereteli.
References.
Tbilisi Landmarks
The entire wealth of monuments and places of interest of Tbilisi are shared between the two parts of the city - the historical centre “ Old Town ” and Rustaveli Avenue. It is there that the most interesting historical and architectural landmarks are concentrated.
Historical center "Old town"
The historical centre of Tbilisi "Old Town" is situated at the foot of Mount Mtatsminda. It is the most ancient part of the city which has preserved the narrow brick paved ascending and descending streets where you can see the ruins of medieval structures: Narikala fortresses, Metekhi temple (1278-1293), ancient temples – Norashen, Dzhvaris-mama, Betlemi, Metekhi, Sachino - the palace of Queen Daridzhan. The structures are three to four centuries old. Almost all buildings in the historical center are historical or cultural monuments. The life there never stops: wandering tourists, artists showing their pictures, handicraftsmen offer numerous souvenirs. In the centre of Old Tbilisi there is also Armenian Apostolic church, synagogue and a Muslim mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="20331854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331854" title="St Ann's, Stretford">
St Ann's, Stretford

St Ann's, Church, Stretford is a Grade II listed Roman Catholic church in Stretford, Greater Manchester, England. It was constructed between 1862 and 1863, on the east side of the A56 Chester Road. The parish functions under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Salford.
Origins.
The St Ann's Mission was founded in 1859 in a small chapel on Herbert Street, Stretford. It initially served as a chapel-of-ease to All Saints, Barton until 1862 after which it became chapel-of-ease to St Francis, Gorton and was served by the Franciscan Fathers.
Construction.
The church was designed by E. W. Pugin in the Gothic Revival style for Sir Humphrey de Trafford who commissioned the church as wedding anniversary present for his wife Lady Annette. The contractor was Mr Glaistor of Liverpool, Hardman & Co. of Birmingham made the windows and brasswork and Richard Lockwood Boulton of Worcester was stonemason. The church was opened on 22 November 1863 by Bishop William Turner.
The presbytery and sacristy were completed in 1865 and the church was consecrated by Bishop William Turner on 18 June 1867. The following year the church organ was installed by FW Jardine of Manchester.
Later alterations.
During 1893 and 1894 the church was refurbished and redecorated. JA Pippet of Hardman & Co. of Birmingham painted a series of murals throughout the church depicting the various stages of the life of St Ann.
In the 1930s, the church was modernised with new oak fittings including a pulpit, altar rails, font, and panelling on the sanctuary. Work was interrupted by the outbreak of the Second World War, during which St Ann's was damaged by incendiary bombs in the blitz.
In the 1960s the church was extensively modernised in preparation for the centenary. Then following the Vatican II Council, work began in the 1970s to modernise the sanctuary for the new liturgy; the high altar, pulpit and later the altar rails were all removed.

</doc>
<doc id="20331857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331857" title="The Squires">
The Squires

The Squires may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20331894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331894" title="William Watson (sergeant)">
William Watson (sergeant)

William Watson (born 1826) was an author and soldier in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He is most noted for an autobiographical book "Life in The Confederate Army" that he wrote after the war chronicling his army life.
William Watson was born in 1826 in the Scottish village of Skelmorlie, some twenty-five miles west of Glasgow on the Firth of Clyde. His father, a landscape gardener named Henry Watson, had been born in England. He had come to Skelmorlie in 1820 to lay out the grounds of Ashcraig, the estate of Andrew D. Campbell. 
Watson immigrated about 1845 to the Caribbean Islands, where he worked as a civil engineer and occasional captain of sailing vessels. Sometime about 1850 he moved to Louisiana and by 1860 was part owner of a sawmill and a coal and steamboat business in Baton Rouge. When the Civil War broke out, he enlisted in the Confederate Army as a sergeant in the 3rd Louisiana Infantry and served in a number of military campaigns with the regiment.
"Life in The Confederate Army" was published first in England in 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="20331895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331895" title="Groningen Noord railway station">
Groningen Noord railway station

Groningen Noord is a railway station located in Groningen, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 15 June 1884 and is located on the Groningen–Delfzijl railway. The train services are operated by Arriva.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Groningen Noord:

</doc>
<doc id="20331903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331903" title="Turbinella">
Turbinella

Turbinella is a genus of very large sea snails with an operculum, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turbinellidae. 
These species are sometimes known as "chanks" or "chank shells". One species in this genus is the sacred chank, "Turbinella pyrum"; see "Shankha" for the cultural and religious use of the shell of that species.
Distribution.
Species in this genus are found world-wide, mostly in tropical shallow waters. 
Description.
Most species have massive shells with three or four prominent columellar plicae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Turbinella" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20331936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331936" title="Mallow United F.C.">
Mallow United F.C.

Mallow United F.C. () is an Irish football club currently playing in the Munster Senior League First Division.
History.
The club was founded on 9 November 1926 at the Central Hotel, Main St., Mallow.
Current squad.
"As of November 2008" 

</doc>
<doc id="20331938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331938" title="John N. Bagley House">
John N. Bagley House

The John N. Bagley House is a private residence located at 2921 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Architecture.
The Bagley House is a two-and-one-half-story French Renaissance Revival mansion built of dark brick and brown stone. Evidence has revealed that the house was designed in the French Renaissance Revival style by the Detroit firm Rogers and MacFarlane, while it was previously believed to have been designed by Shepley, Rutan, and Coolidge of the Richardson firm since the family had hired Richardson to design the Bagley Memorial Fountain. The French Renaissance Revival style house has some similar application of materials of H. H. Richardsonian Romanesque. It has a massive gable roof and a tower with conical roof. The entrance is set into a round arch and the roof dormer features a bay window. The façade contains multiple surface and window treatment, including sculptural elements by Julius Melchers around the entrance.
Significance.
The house, built in 1889 for John N. Bagley, son of former Michigan governor John J. Bagley, is among the oldest surviving nineteenth century French Renaissance Revival mansions in Detroit. The Bagley family commissioned the Bagley Memorial Fountain, designed in Romanesque Revival architecture, the only remaining work by Henry Hobson Richardson in the Detroit area. This house is still one of the finest of Detroit's Richardsonian Romanesque houses.

</doc>
<doc id="20331982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331982" title="Seyidlər, Lachin">
Seyidlər, Lachin

Seyidlər, Lachin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20331986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331986" title="Brian Burns">
Brian Burns

Brian Burns is an American film and television writer, producer and director. Brian was born and raised in Long Island, New York (he was raised in the Gibson area of Valley Stream, New York and graduated from Hewlett High School). He is the brother of American filmmaker Edward Burns. 
Brian, along with his brother, developed "That's Life" and "The Fighting Fitzgeralds", which starred Brian Dennehy and Connie Britton. 
In 2002, Brian wrote and directed "You Stupid Man" starring David Krumholtz, Milla Jovovich, William Baldwin and Denise Richards. The film premiered on October 18 at the Hamptons International Film Festival.
Burns went on to serve as a writer and Supervising Producer on the HBO hit series "Entourage", where he wrote several episodes, including the fan favorite, "Return of the King," which is colloquially known as "The Yom Kippur Episode." 
Since he left "Entourage", Burns wrote and produced the ABC show "Big Shots", and has several film and television projects in development. Brian and Edward Burns have a production company called "Irish Twins", a play on the fact that they are only a year apart in age. 
Brian Burns' brother Edward Burns, is married to supermodel Christy Turlington. Brian is married to Christy's sister Kelly and together they have a son born in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20331988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331988" title="Westwood Moravian Church">
Westwood Moravian Church

Westwood Moravian Church was founded in 1865 in the Westwood area of Oldham, in Greater Manchester, England. By 1868 the church building was too small for its congregation, and a new structure was opened in 1869. This church was used for Moravian services until 2005 when the congregation sold it and moved to its new premises in Royton. The Westwood building still stands.
Buildings and interiors.
Church.
The foundation stone of the Westwood church was laid on 5 August 1865. This building was on Main Road on the site now occupied by the Sunday School. It soon became apparent that the chapel was not big enough and building work began on a new church on Middleton Road in 1868. This was opened on 12 May 1869 and remained in use by the Moravian Church until July 2005.
The exterior of the 1869 church building was described in 2005: "The show is all to the road, where pinnacled piers frame a gabled entrance bay with round-headed arches to the door and windows. On each side bays with stairs to the galleries, with cornices and pinnacles at the angles".
A drawing exists of the interior of the church as arranged in 1882. The organ is in an apse at the north end. The pulpit, which has access by stairs on both sides, is in a central position in front of the organ. The communion table stands in front of the pulpit. Rows of pews face the table from right, left and centre. 
The interior was substantially remodeled in 1924. In addition to new vestries beyond the old north exterior wall for the Minister and choir, the front of the church was fitted with beautiful oak furniture. This included choir stalls to right and left; a communion table, chairs and a memorial screen for the war dead; and a new pulpit between the table and the Minister's vestry. The cost of these works was over £3,000 . In 1932 a baptismal font was given to the church in memory of Br J J Lees. When Westwood closed in 2005, the communion table, memorial plaque and Lamb and Flag symbol from the pulpit were transferred to the new church in Royton along with the font.
Organ.
In 1873 an organ was bought for the church at a cost of £100. It was first used on Palm Sunday. It was replaced in 1903 with one designed by George Benson of Manchester. This organ had great and swell manuals, pedals and two arrays of stops. It was installed by Robert Jackson, the organist of St Peter's Church in Oldham. The bellows were initially powered by a hydraulic engine working from mains water pressure (with the exhaust water being used by the nearby Neville Mill) but an electric blower was installed in 1923. The value of the Benson organ was estimated in 1965 to be £3,000. It was left to be broken up on the closure of the Westwood church building.
Manse.
In August 1872, a Manse was built next door to the church as a residence for the Minister and his family. This was a sizeable detached house with a large hall, staircase and landing.
Sunday School.
Following the building of the 1869 church, the original chapel on Main Road was used as a Sunday School. In 1896, this School building was lengthened and a three-storey extension added. The cost of the work was £650 but the new building was able to accommodate 500 scholars. However, on 7 April 1906, the foundation stones were laid for a new Sunday School Hall on the site of the original chapel by Bishop C E Sutcliffe among others. The architect was C T Taylor Esq ARIBA. The cost of works was £1,850. The fine Edwardian façade on Main Road is notable.
Occupation and use.
The Moravian congregation.
Church and Sunday School.
Westwood Moravian Church was founded in 1865 following some initial house-based work by the Reverend Bennett Harvey (the Minister of the Fairfield Moravian Settlement in Droylsden) and the Reverend Frederic La Trobe over the previous year. The Westwood mission, carried out in what was then a new industrial district, was organised by the leaders of Salem Moravian Church in eastern Oldham, with the support of the British Provincial Board, to serve the needs of some of their members who had moved to work in Westwood. In addition, some members of the Dukinfield Moravian Church had also settled in Westwood. An excellent aerial photograph of the district, showing Westwood Mill, Anchor Mill and the densely packed terraced housing typical of the area in the late nineteenth century, can be found in Law (1999).
The first public services were held in the newly built chapel on 12 November 1865. Forty adults attended in the morning and seventy in the evening. At the first anniversary service, over 150 attended in the morning and in the evening the chapel was unable to accommodate the crowd. In 1900 the Sunday School had 31 officers and teachers and 537 enrolled scholars. The average attendance was 197 in the morning and 377 in the afternoon. In 1906, the church had 173 communicants and 83 adherents. Average attendances were 120 in the morning and 200 in the evening, with 90 at Holy Communion.
In 1900, the organist was the subject of complaints that organ voluntaries were too long and that he failed to notice the number of verses in hymns. There were "times when the organist played a solo and others when the congregation sang unaccompanied". Robert Jackson, who installed the 1903 organ, is noted for composing a four-voice setting for "While Shepherds Watched Their Flocks". This tune was very popular at Westwood and was always the climax of the Christingle Service just before Christmas. The Christingle Service was broadcast from Westwood by the BBC in December 1953.
To the back of the church stood the Oldham Corporation Tram Depot. In 1907 the church bought from the Corporation a strip of land between the two buildings measuring 196 square yards at a cost of £61.5.0. In 1910 the congregation considered whether it might buy the Depot as well but nothing came of this. In 1912 the church committee wrote to the Tramways Manager complaining that the grinding of trams often disturbed worship. The Manager was asked to instruct drivers to go very slowly past the church and to stop ringing the bell at the terminus during service time.
In 1958, the Church included 94 communicants and 15 adherents. There were also 183 children in the Sunday School with 32 teachers and officers. With the introduction of Family Church in October 1965, attendance at morning services numbered 170.
Education and employment.
From the outset, the Minister at Westwood taught children reading, writing and arithmetic in evening classes. Sunday School teachers also gave lessons at morning and afternoon sessions. The law at that time allowed children and young people to work up to twelve hours a day in mills and factories, with breaks amounting to one and a half hours for meals. State education was not provided in England until 1870. Even then, insufficient school places meant that many children could not be taught. In 1870, there were 18,085 children of school age in Oldham of whom roughly half actually attended school. Just over 2,300 were taught in private schools. Records show that the Westwood Sunday School building was hired by day school teachers for private tuition. The School Hall was also used as an Employment Exchange from 1922 to 1957.
Social activities.
Westwood Moravian Church was a centre of community life for everyone in the surrounding area and not just members of the congregation.
In 1900, the associated organizations were the Band of Hope, the 7th Oldham Company of the Boys Brigade, the Women's Guild and the Men's Institute which boasted two full size billiard tables. The Boys Brigade closed in 1931 and its last Captain was Br W Dunkerley.
A drama committee appears to have existed from 1897, but this society needed to be renewed following the First World War. The Westwood Glee Club was formed in 1931 but in 1934 merged with the dramatic society. The society was still very strong in the 1970s, staging pantomimes and comedies by J B Priestley.
After much vexed debate, dancing was allowed from 1921. The Church and Sunday School committees decided in joint session that no more than six dances should be allowed in any one night, except for special occasions such as Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve. As a result, dancing took place for the first time at the Christmas Eve Social that year. However, the Sunday School superintendent and another member of the Church Committee resigned in protest. The rules were relaxed in 1931 and dancing was allowed for up to ninety minutes at any social event. 
The Westwood Moravian Cricket Club was set up in 1883 and was still in existence in 1965. A recreation club for football, cricket and tennis was set up in 1922. The Girl Guides began under the leadership of Sr Emily Shaw in 1932 and the Minister, Br Edward Barker, started the Boy Scouts during the Second World War. In 1953 a Wakes Club was set up, continuing a much older tradition of voluntary saving, to help people save for holidays. There were youth clubs at Westwood from at least 1943.
Provincial Synod.
In June 1939 the British Provincial Synod met in Oldham. The opening session was held at Westwood on 26 June. The Missions session on the afternoon of 28 June was also at Westwood, as were the ordination and communion services in the evenings.
Ministry.
Four Westwood men went on to serve as Ministers of the Moravian Church.
In 1904 Br Harry Lloyd, an employee of Platt Brothers, was accepted for training as a missionary. He eventually sailed to the West Indies. He died in Antigua in 1941. His son Ronald was Minister at Westwood from 1945 to 1954.
Br Handel Hassell trained for the Moravian Ministry at Fairfield College, graduated from the Victoria University of Manchester and became Single Brethren's Labourer at the Fulneck Moravian Settlement in the West Riding of Yorkshire. On the outbreak of World War I, he joined the British Army and showed distinction by winning the Military Cross and Bar. After the war he resumed his ministry and died in 1953 when Principal of Fairfield College.
Br George Harp was ordained at Westwood on 21 June 1925 by Bishop Arthur Ward. He had been a minder at the Manor Mill in Chadderton before theological education at Bristol Mission College and medical training at Livingstone College. In July 1925 he set sail to work as a missionary in Labrador.
In 1947 Br Fred Linyard entered Fairfield College and graduated in arts and divinity from the Victoria University of Manchester. He then spent a year in the United States before being ordained at Westwood by Bishop G W M MacLeavy in 1953. Following service in England and the West Indies,
he eventually became a member of the Provincial Board. Upon his retirement he became editor of "The Moravian Messenger", the national church magazine, and was elected by Synod to the distinguished honorary position of Advocatus Fratrum in Anglia.
Closure.
The church on the corner of Middleton Road and Neville Street remained in use until 2005 when the congregation moved first to St Luke's Anglican Church in Chadderton and then to smaller premises in Royton some six miles away. This move was prompted by demographic changes in Westwood and by the increasing difficulty of maintaining the buildings there.
It is curious to note that in 1881 the then Minister at Westwood, Br H Reichel, had recommended Royton to the Lancashire District Conference as a place where a new congregation might be started.
Ministers.
References:.
Post Moravian use.
The use of the site immediately following the departure of the Moravians is unknown.
The Church building is currently in use by Firwood Church, a free evangelical church.

</doc>
<doc id="20331989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20331989" title="Prussian S 9">
Prussian S 9

The Prussian S 9 was an express steam locomotive with the Prussian state railways, first built in 1908. It had a 4-4-2 ("Atlantic") wheel arrangement and a four-cylinder compound engine. It was developed by the firm of Hanomag in Hanover who delivered a total of 99 engines of this class.
There were also some high-speed trials locomotives which were classified as S 9's, but did not belong to this particular class. These included two cab-forward 4-4-4 locomotives Altona 561 and 562.
Although at the time superheated technology was widespread, the state of Prussia still wanted to have saturated steam engines delivered by Hanomag. The locomotives procured as a result had a very powerful boiler and, at 4 m², the largest grate area of any Prussian steam locomotive. The quantity of steam generated was however more than the high-pressure cylinders could cope with. As a result the performance of the S 9 was little better than the considerably smaller superheated locomotive, the Prussian S 6. Nevertheless the S 9 initially formed the backbone of express train services from Berlin to Hanover. Like all German "Atlantic " locomotives, the S 9 quickly proved too underpowered for the increasingly heavy trains it had to haul.
Two locomotives ("Hannover 903" and "905") were fitted with superheated boilers in 1913 and 1914 and reclassified as S 8s.
After 1919 17 locomotives had to handed over to Belgium and 4 to France.
Only three of them, the two S 8's and a saturated steam engine, were taken over by the Deutsche Reichsbahn as DRG Class 14.0. The two S 8's were given numbers 14 001 and 14 002; the S 9 ("Essen 907") number 14 031. All three were retired by 1926.
The locomotives were equipped with Prussian tenders of classes pr 2'2' T 21.5, pr 2'2' T 30 und pr 2'2' T 31.5.

</doc>
<doc id="20332019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332019" title="German submarine U-778">
German submarine U-778

German submarine "U-778" was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" in World War II. She only completed one combat patrol and sank no Allied ships. She was surrendered to the Allies at Bergen on the 8 May 1945.
On 4 December 1945, she was being towed offshore, to be scuttled as part of Operation Deadlight, but foundered and sank before reaching the scuttling ground, at a point , North East of Malin Head in around of water. The wreck was rediscovered by marine archaeologist Innes McCartney in 2001.
In 2007, Derry City Council announced plans to raise the boat to be the main exhibit of a new maritime museum. Many of the other Operation Deadlight U-boats were used for target practice and sunk by gunfire, torpedoes, rockets or bombs. U-778, by contrast, is remarkably intact and lies in relatively shallow water.
On 3 October 2007, an Irish diver, Michael Hanrahan, died whilst filming the wreck as part of the salvage project. In November 2009, a spokesman from the council's heritage museum service announced the salvage project had been cancelled for cost reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="20332029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332029" title="Rigid origami">
Rigid origami

Rigid origami is a branch of origami which is concerned with folding structures using flat rigid sheets joined by hinges. It is a part of the study of the mathematics of paper folding, it can be considered as a type of mechanical linkage, and has great practical utility. There is no requirement that the structure start as a flat sheet — for instance shopping bags with flat bottoms and airbags are studied as part of rigid origami.
Mathematics.
The number of standard origami bases that can be folded using rigid origami is restricted by its rules.
Rigid origami does not have to follow the Huzita–Hatori axioms, the fold lines can be calculated rather than having to be constructed from existing lines and points. However Kawasaki's theorem and Maekawa's theorem are still applicable.
The Bellows theorem says that a flexible polyhedron has constant volume when flexed.
The napkin folding problem asks whether it is possible to fold a square so the perimeter of the resulting flat figure is increased. That this can be solved within rigid origami was proved by A.S. Tarasov in 2004.
Applications.
The Miura fold is a rigid fold that has been used to pack large solar panel arrays for space satellites, which have to be folded before deployment.
Robert J. Lang has applied origami to the problem of folding airbags
and to folding a space telescope.
Folding paper shopping bags is a problem where the rigidity requirement means the classic solution does not work.
Recreational uses.
Martin Gardner has popularised flexagons which are a form of rigid origami and the flexatube.
Kaleidocycles are toys,usually made of paper, which give an effect similar to a kaleidoscope when convoluted.

</doc>
<doc id="20332030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332030" title="It's a Date">
It's a Date

"It's a Date" is a 1940 American musical film directed by William A. Seiter and starring Deanna Durbin, Kay Francis, and Walter Pidgeon. Based on a story by Jane Hall, Frederick Kohner, and Ralph Block, the film is about an aspiring actress who is offered the lead in a major new play, but discovers that her mother, a more experienced actress, was hoping to get the same part. Their lives are complicated further when they both get involved with the same man. Distributed by Universal Pictures, "It's a Date" was remade in 1950 as "Nancy Goes to Rio".
Plot.
The movie begins with Georgia Drake (Kay Francis) performing on the stage, singing "Gypsy Lullaby" while her daughter, Pamela (Deanna Durbin), watches with her boyfriend Freddie Miller (Lewis Howard). Pamela Drake is the daughter of Georgia Drake, an aging Broadway actress who was once very famous. She has great acting skills like her mother and hopes to be a successful actress as well. At an after-party celebrating the closing of a play that Georgia was in, Pamela convinces director Sidney Simpson (Samuel S. Hinds) and writer Carl Ober (S.Z. Sakall) to attend one of the plays she is in. After the party ends, Pamela sings "Love is All" with the maid, Sara (Cecilia Loftus), playing piano and her mother listening.
Sidney and Carl go to Connecticut and decide to try out the second act of their new play, St. Anne. They put Pamela in the role of St. Anne. In the performance of the second act, Pamela sings, "Loch Lomond." (This is a particularly acclaimed version of that folk song.) The directors are impressed with Pamela's performance and offer her the role of St. Anne in their upcoming play. Pamela is very excited, but does not know she is taking over a role which they had originally offered to her mother. Georgia is unaware of what has happened, as she is in Honolulu to prepare herself. Pamela travels there to ask her mother to coach her.
On her journey, she is noticed by pineapple king John Arlen (Walter Pidgeon). At first, she thinks that he is a stowaway and he thinks that she is a troubled girl, who just got jilted by her love. In reality, Pamela is practicing the play, and he is just trying to cheer her up. Eventually they figure out the truth about each other, and they become friends. Soon after Pamela arrives in Honolulu, she learns she is replacing her mother in the role of St. Anne. Not wanting to hurt her, she decides to give the role up. In order to keep Georgia from the truth she asks John to take the two of them to dinner in order to avoid a call from Sidney that would reveal the truth to Georgia. The three of them go out to many dinners and spend time together. Pamela becomes determined that she will quit acting and she wants to marry John.
Meanwhile, John has fallen in love with Georgia. At a ball, he tries to avoid Pamela, who wants to propose to him. He knows her intentions and wants to propose to Georgia before Pamela gets the chance. He gets her to sing for everyone at the ball. Pamela sings, "Quando me n'vo - When I go along," from "La bohème". After she finishes the song while the crowd is around her, John takes Georgia outside and proposes to her. Georgia decides that she will marry him, and then she tells the producers that she will not be performing St. Anne, for she wants a real honeymoon. Pamela is initially crushed, but she was not really in love with John. Pamela devotes herself to her role, with the help of her mother, and becomes the star of St. Anne. The movie ends with Pam portraying St. Anne, singing "Ave Maria (Schubert), as John and Georgia watch from the audience.

</doc>
<doc id="20332040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332040" title="Edward Warburton Jones">
Edward Warburton Jones

Sir Edward Warburton Jones PC(NI) PC QC (3 July 1912–18 March 1993) was a Northern Irish barrister, judge and politician.
Teddy Jones, son of a Resident Magistrate, was educated at Portora Royal School and Trinity College, Dublin. He was called to the Northern Ireland Bar in 1936, took silk in 1948, and was called to the English Bar (Middle Temple) in 1964. 
In 1951, he was elected to the House of Commons of Northern Ireland as Unionist member for Londonderry City, and was appointed as Attorney General for Northern Ireland in 1964, and to the Privy Council of Northern Ireland in 1965, entitling him to the style "The Right Honourable".
In 1968, he resigned from Parliament and from political office upon appointment as a judge of the High Court of Northern Ireland, and then as a Lord Justice of Appeal of Northern Ireland in 1973, when he was also knighted. In 1979 he was appointed to the Privy Council of the United Kingdom. He retired in 1984 and died in 1993.
He served as a Lay Member of the General Synod of the Church of Ireland and was Chancellor of the Diocese of Derry and Raphoe from 1945 to 1964 and of the Diocese of Connor from 1959 to 1964 and from 1978 to 1981. 
Jones died in 1993 at Craig-y-Mor, the large coastal mansion inherited through his wife's family, in Treaddur Bay, Isle of Anglesey; he died at Headbourne Worthy. Sir Edward had one son, Peter Warburton-Jones (d. 2001), also a barrister in England and, latterly, Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20332049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332049" title="Leane Zugsmith">
Leane Zugsmith

Leane Zugsmith (18 January 1903 – 13 October 1969) was an American writer.
Biography.
Leane Zugsmith was born in Louisville, Kentucky on 18 January 1903 to Albert Zugsmith and Gertrude Appel. She lived in New York City, where she became a leftist journalist, proletarian writer and activist. She and playwright Carl Randau formed a salon, where she entertained guests such as Lillian Hellman, Dashiell Hammett, Heywood Broun, and Louis Kronenberger. She married Randau in 1940. She later moved to small-town New England.
She wrote novels and short stories. Her novel "All Victories Are Alike" is about a disillusioned newspaper columnist. "The Summer Soldier" is about a civil rights committee that investigates allegations of violence against workers in a southern town.
American Naturalist writer Theodore Dreiser had a copy of "Never Enough" in his library.
Her younger brother, Albert Zugsmith, was an American film producer, film director and screenwriter who specialized in low-budget exploitation films through the 1950s and 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="20332098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332098" title="William H. Wells House">
William H. Wells House

The William H. Wells House is a private residence located at 2931 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Architecture.
The William H. Wells House is a two-and-one-half-story Romanesque Revival mansion, built of coursed, rock-face stone. The house is built on an irregular plan with an asymmetrical, picturesque composition. The entrance is within a projection, and a turret with a concave conical roof at one corner sits at one corner of the house. Other bays project randomly from the main structure. A -story carriage house in red brick and clapboard was built at the rear of the house in 1891.
The house is significant as an outstanding example of Romanesque residential architecture in Detroit and for its association with architect William Henry Miller.

</doc>
<doc id="20332114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332114" title="CU Collado Villalba">
CU Collado Villalba

Club Unión Collado Villalba is a Spanish football club based in Collado Villalba, in the autonomous community of Madrid. Founded in 1972, it plays in Tercera División – Group 7, holding home games at "Ciudad Deportiva de Collado Villalba", which has a capacity of 1,000 spectators.
History.
"Club Deportivo Villalba" was founded in 1972, in 1975 merges with another club of the city to form the "Unión Deportiva Collado Villalba", renamed in 1992 as "Club Unión Collado Villalba".

</doc>
<doc id="20332122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332122" title="Tony Laubach">
Tony Laubach

Tony Laubach is an American professional storm chaser and Meteorologist. He has participated in several field research projects and is one of the surviving members of TWISTEX. He has been contracted as a severe weather photojournalist for various major television networks, starred in several television shows, including Seasons 3 through 5 of "Storm Chasers" on Discovery Channel.
Laubach was the Contributing Producer, one of the Videographers, and one of the featured talent in KMGH 7News's 2011 television news special, "Tracking Twisters". The special has received two awards; one in 2011 from the Colorado Broadcast Association for "Best Single Program Including News Magazine Programs" and the other a 2012 regional Emmy award from the National Television Academy Heartland Chapter for "Magazine Program/Weather Program".
His images and footage have been used by networks including CNN, ABC News, Good Morning America, Fox News, The Weather Channel, The National Geographic Channel, The Discovery Channel, The Travel Channel, Associated Press, Univision, Women's Entertainment, and numerous local media news outlets nation-wide.
Laubach was a contributor to the TornadoAlleyLive.com website.
Education.
Laubach is currently enrolled in the graduate program at Southern Illinois University working toward his Master's Degree in Professional Media & Management Studies.
Laubach earned a double major degree in Meteorology and Technical Communications from Metropolitan State College of Denver in May 2009. He concentrated in Interactive Media Production with a minor in Mathematics.
Prior to college, he graduated high school in 1999 from John F Kennedy High School in Denver, Colorado after relocating from Ohio where he attended Circleville High School in Circleville, Ohio.
Storm chase career.
Laubach's first chase was in May 1997 where he documented a small tornado near Clarksburg, Ohio. After moving to Colorado, he began his professional career in 2002 and has since been featured on several television specials with his video work appearing nationally across various major networks.
From 2007 through 2011, Laubach was a permanent participant in the field research project, TWISTEX, headed up by engineer, Tim Samaras. He was in charge of operations in a mesonet vehicle, taking measurements of RFD in supercell and tornado-producing storms. From 2009-2011, He was part of TWISTEX featured in Storm Chasers.
In 2008, Laubach took part in the filming of shows for the National Geographic Channel and Women's Entertainment, both shows airing in early/mid-2009. In 2011, Laubach was part of the filming for the KMGH special, "Tracking Twisters", airing in July 2011.
In 2012, Laubach returned to solo chasing.
On May 31, 2013, Laubach documented the largest tornado on record near El Reno, Oklahoma. That tornado took the lives of his friends and fellow TWISTEX teammates Tim Samaras, Paul Samaras, and California native Carl Young. Laubach escaped the tornado by less than a minute early in its life-cycle as it was quickly growing to its record width and was 3 miles south of his TWISTEX teammates when they were killed.
Credited television appearances.
Laubach was featured in the opening credits of Storm Chasers in season 5, but never appeared in an episode.
Credited print publications.
The Colorado Weather Almanac - Mike Nelson
Tornado Hunter, Getting Inside the Most Violent Storms On Earth - Stefan Bechtel

</doc>
<doc id="20332160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332160" title="Arab League–Russia relations">
Arab League–Russia relations

Russia–Arab League relations include various contacts between the Russian Federation and the multi-state Arab organization. The Russian Federation maintains various contacts with the Arab League and plays a mediating role in the Israeli–Palestinian conflict.
Russian-Arab Business Council.
The Russian-Arab Business Council is an organization that develops the trade and economic relations between Russia and the Arab countries and provides assistance in establishing business contacts between businessmen. It has already established a Russia-based TV station called Rusiya al Youm (ar:روسيا اليوم) meaning Russia Today, in Arabic. It is the first Russian station to be aired in the Arabic language.

</doc>
<doc id="20332168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332168" title="1993 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1993 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1993 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1993–1994. The Buckeyes compiled a 10–1–1 record and were co-champions of the Big Ten Conference along with the Wisconsin Badgers (who received the Rose Bowl berth) including the 1993 Holiday Bowl in San Diego, where they won 28–21 against the .
Game notes.
Holiday Bowl.
Statistics

</doc>
<doc id="20332189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332189" title="European Programme for Critical Infrastructure Protection">
European Programme for Critical Infrastructure Protection

The European Programme for Critical Infrastructure Protection (EPCIP) refers to the doctrine and programmes created to identify and protect critical infrastructure that, in case of fault, incident or attack, could seriously impact both the country where it is hosted and at least one other European Member State. 
History.
The EPCIP came about as a result of a consultation in 2004 by the European Council, seeking a programme to protect critical infrastructure through its 'Communication on Critical Infrastructure Protection in the Fight against Terrorism'. In December 2004 it endorsed the intention of the European Commission to propose a European Programme for Critical Infrastructure Protection (EPCIP) and agreed to the creation of a European Critical Infrastructure Warning Information Network (CIWIN). 
In December the European Commission issued its finalised design as a directive EU COM(2006) 786; this obliged all member states to adopt the components of the EPCIP into their national statutes. Not only did it apply to main area of the European Union but also to the wider European Economic Area.
EPCIP also identified National Critical Infrastructure (NCI) where its disruption would only affect a single Member State. It set the responsibility for protecting items of NCI on its owner/operators and on the relevant Member State, and encouraged each Member State to establish its own National CIP programme.

</doc>
<doc id="20332217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332217" title="Kylestrome">
Kylestrome

Kylestrome () is a village on the north shore of Loch a' Chàirn Bhàin, two miles north west of Unapool, in Sutherland, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="20332233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332233" title="Angelo State University College of Graduate Studies">
Angelo State University College of Graduate Studies

The Angelo State University College of Graduate Studies is a college at Angelo State University in San Angelo, Texas. The Graduate School currently offers over 20 Master degree programs and one Doctorate Degree Program.

</doc>
<doc id="20332258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332258" title="Iosif Goshkevich">
Iosif Goshkevich

Iosif Antonovich Goshkevich (, 1814, Minsk Governorate – October 5, 1875) was a Russian diplomat and Orientalist. He graduated from the Saint Petersburg Theological Academy (1839) and in 1839–48 amounted to Russian clerical legation in Beijing. In 1853–55 he was an interpreter from Chinese in Yefim Putyatin's embassy in Japan. In 1856–58 Goshkevich served in Asiatic department of Russian MFA. Jointly with one Japanese Goshkevich compiled the first Japanese-Russian dictionary (published in Saint Petersburg in 1857). Goshkevich also became the first Russian diplomatic representative in Japan (1858-65). He wrote several works about China, Japan and on peculiarities of Japanese and Chinese languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20332262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332262" title="Turbinella pyrum">
Turbinella pyrum

Turbinella pyrum, common names the chank shell, sacred chank or chank, also known as the divine conch, sometimes referred to simply as a conch, is a species of very large sea snail with a gill and an operculum, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae. This species occurs in the Indian Ocean.
The name "chank" for the shell of this species is derived from the Indian word "shankha", the divine conch. The old generic name was "Xancus". The Dutch used to call them "chianco". [http://cf.hum.uva.nl/galle/avondster/finds.html]
Distribution.
This species is found mainly in the Indian Ocean.
Description.
The shell of this species is massive, with three or four prominent columellar plicae. It is usually pure white under a heavy brown periostracum, but it can also be a pale apricot color. It can sometimes be dotted with dark brown. [http://www.gastropods.com/7/Shell_247.html]
Shells of the normally left-handed western Atlantic Ocean species "Busycon contrarium" are sometimes sold in imitation of the rare left-handed shells of the "Turbinella" species. [http://www.astrojyoti.com/shankha.htm
Human use.
The shell has considerable significance in Hinduism and Buddhism. It is considered to be sacred and is one of the eight auspicious symbols. In these religious contexts, the shell is sometimes modified by having the tip of the spire cut off, so it can be blown as a ceremonial trumpet. Some shells used in this way are decorated with metal and semiprecious stones. [http://www.amnh.org/exhibitions/expeditions/treasure_fossil/Treasures/Chank_Shell_Trumpet/trumpet.html?50]
Like most other gastropods, the shell of this species is almost always right-handed, or dextral, in its shell-coiling, but very rarely a left-handed shell is found (one in approximately 200,000 individuals). In the Hindu religious context, the very rare left-handed (sinistral) shells of this species are known as "Dakshinavarti shankh", as opposed to the more common right-handed forms, which are known as "Vamavarti". The "Dakshinavarti" is particularly highly valued in terms of its religious significance. [http://www.princelystates.com/ArchivedFeatures/fa-03-03a.shtml] 
In its religious context, the "Dakshinavarti shankh" is considered to be right-handed, because the "handedness" of the shell coiling is measured with the "spout" or siphonal canal of the shell pointing upwards. This is the opposite orientation to that which students of malacology use when assigning "handedness" to a shell.

</doc>
<doc id="20332270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332270" title="Kuria Labeo">
Kuria Labeo

The Kuria labeo (Labeo gonius) () is a species of fish in the carp family, Cyprinidae. It is native to Pakistan, India, Bangladesh, and Burma, and it is known from Afghanistan and Nepal.
The fish has been known to reach 1.5 meters in length and weigh 1.4 kilograms. It is a freshwater fish usually found in rivers, and it is sometimes seen in paddy fields. It spawns during the monsoon around July and August.
This fish is reared in aquaculture. It can be reared with some other carps, but it tends to compete with certain species.
The species is widespread and common in some areas, and it is not considered threatened on a large scale. It may face potential threats from overexploitation and degradation of its habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="20332308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332308" title="DAV Santa Ana">
DAV Santa Ana

Deportivo Asociación de Vecinos Santa Ana is a Spanish football team based in Madrid, in the namesake community. Founded in 1974 it plays in Tercera División – Group 7, holding home games at "Polideportivo Santa Ana", which has a capacity of 2,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="20332316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332316" title="Conrad Ansorge">
Conrad Ansorge

Conrad Eduard Reinhold Ansorge (15 October 186213 February 1930) was a German pianist, teacher and composer.
He was born in Buchwald, Silesia, studied at the Leipzig Conservatory between 1880 and 1882, and under Franz Liszt in Weimar in 1885 and 1886. He toured Europe and the United States. He was known for his interpretations of Beethoven.
On 15 April 1890, his "Orpheus" symphony was performed in Steinway Hall, New York, under the baton of Theodore Thomas. He became professor of pianoforte at Weimar in 1893. From 1898 to 1903 he taught in Berlin, at the Klindworth-Scharwenka Conservatory.
In 1920 he became head of the piano master class at the German Academy (Deutschen Akademie für Musik und Darstellende Kunst) in Prague.
Conrad Ansorge's students included: Selim Palmgren, Eduard Erdmann, James Simon, Alice Herz-Sommer, and Wilhelm Furtwängler.
He made some Welte-Mignon recordings in 1905, of music by Liszt, Schumann and others. He also wrote a Requiem, two symphonies, a piano concerto, three piano sonatas, two string quartets, and other works. None of these are in the current repertoire.
He married the pianist Margarete Wegelin. Their son Joachim (1893-1947) was also a pianist and teacher. He died in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20332355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332355" title="Deventer Colmschate railway station">
Deventer Colmschate railway station

Deventer Colmschate is a railway station located in Deventer, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 1 September 1888 and is located on the Deventer–Almelo railway. The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
The station was closed between 15 May 1933 and 10 December 1989.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Deventer Colmschate:
Except at weekends and evenings when it operates 1x per hour.

</doc>
<doc id="20332399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332399" title="Basset">
Basset

Basset and similar can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20332408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332408" title="Andrew Ross Sorkin">
Andrew Ross Sorkin

Andrew Ross Sorkin (born February 19, 1977) is a Gerald Loeb Award-winning American journalist and author. He is a financial columnist for "The New York Times" and a co-anchor of CNBC's "Squawk Box." He is also the founder and editor of DealBook, a financial news service published by "The New York Times". He wrote the bestselling book "Too Big to Fail" (2009) and co-produced a movie adaptation of the book for HBO Films (2011).
Life and career.
Sorkin was born in New York, the son of Joan Ross Sorkin, a playwright, and Laurence T. Sorkin, a partner in a law firm. Sorkin graduated from Scarsdale High School (1995) and earned a Bachelor of Science from Cornell University (1999). Sorkin first joined "The New York Times" as a student intern during his senior year in high school. He also worked for the paper while he was in college, publishing 71 articles before he graduated. He began by writing media and technology articles while assisting the advertising columnist, Stuart Elliott. Sorkin spent the summer of 1996 working for "Business Week", before returning to "The Times". He moved to London for part of 1998. While there, he wrote about European business and technology for "The Times" and then returned to Cornell to complete his studies.
Sorkin joined "The Times" full-time in 1999 as the newspaper's European mergers and acquisitions reporter, based in London, and the following year became "The Times"' chief mergers and acquisitions reporter, based in New York, a position he still holds. In addition, Sorkin started his financial-news website and email newsletter, DealBook, which he continues to edit. He writes a column by the same name (since April 2004) in the Tuesday editions (initially in Sunday editions). Sorkin also holds the title of assistant editor of business and finance news.
Sorkin married Pilar Jenny Queen in 2007.
News articles.
Sorkin has written, co-written or contributed to approximately 2000 articles for "The Times", including more than 120 front-page articles and about 150 DealBook columns.
Sorkin has broken news of major mergers and acquisitions, including Chase's acquisition of J.P. Morgan and Hewlett-Packard's acquisition of Compaq. He also led The Times' coverage of the world's largest takeover ever, Vodafone's $183 billion hostile bid for Mannesmann. Additionally, he broke the news of I.B.M.'s sale of its PC business to Lenovo, Boston Scientific's $25 billion acquisition of Guidant and Symantec's $13 billion deal for Veritas Software, and reported on News Corp.'s acquisition of Dow Jones and "The Wall Street Journal".
Most recently, Sorkin has reported on the Wall Street financial crisis, including the collapse of Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers, and the government bailout of other major investment banks and AIG. He has also written about the troubled American auto industry.
On the PRISM (surveillance program) and Edward Snowden situation, Sorkin said "I would arrest him and now I'd almost arrest Glenn Greenwald, the journalist who seems to be out there, he wants to help him get to Ecuador." The statement prompted Glenn Greenwald to tweet "Should the NYT editors & reporters who published classified information about false Iraq WMD claims be arrested?" at Sorkin. Reviewing his record after his anti-Greenwald outburst, Matt Taibbi described Sorkin as "a shameless, ball-gargling prostitute for Wall Street".
DealBook.
In October 2001, Sorkin created DealBook, a financial news service about deal making and Wall Street, published by "The New York Times". He started it as a daily e-mail newsletter that provided summaries of financial news stories from around the Web. It was one of the first financial news aggregation services on the Internet and the first time "The Times" had included links to competing publications. In March 2006, Sorkin introduced a companion Web site, with updated news and original analysis throughout the day. The newsletter has more than 200,000 subscribers. In 2007, DealBook won a Webby Award for Best Business Blog and it won a SABEW award for overall excellence. In 2008, the site won an EPpy Award for Best Business Blog. A "Rolling Stone" columnist criticized the site for being sponsored by the same entities it purports to cover objectively, including but not limited to Goldman Sachs.
Television.
In July 2011, Sorkin became a co-anchor on CNBC's "Squawk Box" in addition to his duties at The Times. Sorkin has appeared on NBC's "Today" show, Charlie Rose and "The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer" on PBS, MSNBC's "Hardball" and "Morning Joe", ABC's "Good Morning America", "The Chris Matthews Show", HBO's "Real Time with Bill Maher", the BBC World Service, Comedy Central's "The Daily Show" and "The Colbert Report", and was a frequent guest host of CNBC's "Squawk Box" before joining the ensemble. Sorkin also hosted a weekly seven-part, half-hour PBS talk-show series called "It's the Economy, NY", which focused on how the evolving economic crisis was affecting New Yorkers. More recently, Sorkin was referenced in a 2013 episode of Breaking Bad.
"Too Big to Fail".
Sorkin's book on the Wall Street banking crisis, "Too Big to Fail: The Inside Story of How Wall Street and Washington Fought to Save the Financial System -- and Themselves", was published by Viking October 20, 2009. It won the 2010 Gerald Loeb Award for best business book of the year, was on the shortlist for the 2010 Samuel Johnson Prize, shortlisted for the 2010 Financial Times and Goldman Sachs Business Book of the Year Award, and was on The New York Times Best Seller list (non-fiction hardcover and paperback) for six months. The book was adapted as a movie by HBO Films and premiered on HBO on May 23, 2011. The film was directed by Curtis Hanson and the screenplay was written by Peter Gould. The cast included William Hurt as Hank Paulson, the Treasury Secretary; Paul Giamatti as Ben Bernanke, the chairman of the Federal Reserve; Billy Crudup as Timothy Geithner, the then president of the New York Federal Reserve; James Woods as Richard Fuld, the CEO of Lehman Brothers, Edward Asner as Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway; Cynthia Nixon as Michele Davis, assistant secretary for public affairs at Treasury; Bill Pullman as Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase; as well as Topher Grace as Jim Wilkinson (former U.S. government employee). Sorkin was a co-producer of the film and had a cameo appearance as a reporter.
Awards.
Sorkin won the Gerald Loeb Award, given for business journalism, in 2005 for breaking news, and in 2010 for his book "Too Big to Fail" He also won a Society of American Business Editors and Writers Award for breaking news in 2005 and again in 2006. In 2007, the World Economic Forum named him a Young Global Leader. Also in 2007, SiliconAlleyInsider.com named Sorkin one of New York's "most influential scribes." In 2008, "Vanity Fair" magazine named Sorkin as one of 40 new members of the "Next Establishment." He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
He is also recognized as one of Scarsdale High School's Distinguished Alumni.
In popular culture.
In "Granite State", the penultimate episode of "Breaking Bad", Sorkin is briefly referenced. He is said to have written an op-ed in "The New York Times" accusing fictional entrepreneurs Gretchen and Elliott Schwartz of making donations to drug rehabilitation centers in the hopes of cleansing their company's image after the Walter White scandal. Sorkin actually went on and wrote the entire fictional article afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="20332415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332415" title="Trevor disease">
Trevor disease

Trevor disease (also known as Fairbank's disease and Trevor's disease), is a congenital bone developmental disorder. There is 1 case per million population, and is three times more common in males than in females.
Overview.
This disorder is rare, and is characterised by an asymmetrical limb deformity due to localized overgrowth of cartilage, histologically resembling osteochondroma believed to affect the limb bud in early fetal life. The condition occurs mostly in the ankle or knee region and it is always confined to a single limb. This usually involves only the lower extremities and on medial side of the epiphysis. It is named after researcher David Trevor. 
Background.
Trevor disease was first described by the French surgeon Albert Mouchet and J. Belot in 1926. In 1956, the name "dysplasia epiphysealis hemimelica" was proposed by Fairbank.

</doc>
<doc id="20332417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332417" title="Christ Church Cathedral, Newcastle">
Christ Church Cathedral, Newcastle

The Cathedral Church of Christ the King, or Christ Church Cathedral, in Newcastle, New South Wales Australia is the Anglican cathedral of the Diocese of Newcastle. The church, designed by John Horbury Hunt in the Gothic Revival style, is located on a hill at the city's eastern end in the suburb called The Hill.
The former Dean of Newcastle was the Very Reverend James Rigney (formerly chaplain of Magdalene College, Cambridge). His installation took place on the Feast of the Annunciation, 25 March 2009. The current dean, Fr Stephen Williams (formerly rector of the Parish of Merewether) was installed on 23 June 2013.
History.
The present cathedral replaced an earlier Christ Church, built in 1817. When the Diocese of Newcastle was created in 1847, the original Christ Church became a cathedral and William Tyrell was appointed first Bishop of Newcastle (1848–79). Due to the poor condition of the original building and the growing population of the city, it was decided to build a new cathedral and a design competition was held in 1868. It was won by architects Terry and Speechley from Melbourne, but they had seriously underestimated the cost of their design and accordingly the plans of John Horbury Hunt were adopted instead. His design was for a cruciform Victorian Gothic style building with a central tower and spire over the central crossing. Work started in 1883 and the older building was demolished the following year. A temporary building was constructed nearby for services until the new cathedral could be completed and consecrated in 1902. The tower was not added until 1979, minus the planned spire. The building was damaged during an earthquake in 1989 and since been repaired.
In 1969, the cathedral witnessed the Australian premiere of Benjamin Britten's "Noye's Fludde" (Noah's Flood). The "voice of God" was provided by Brin Newton-John, father of singer Olivia Newton-John.

</doc>
<doc id="20332424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332424" title="Mark Sloan (American curator)">
Mark Sloan (American curator)

Mark Sloan (born 1957) is an American artist, curator, author, and arts administrator.
Life and work.
Mark Sloan was born in Durham, NC and grew up in Chapel Hill, NC. Sloan holds a B.A. in Interdisciplinary Studies from the University of Richmond (1980) and a Master of Fine Arts degree from Virginia Commonwealth University (1984). 
As a photographic artist, Sloan's work has been exhibited at the Grand Palais in Paris; the Photographic Resource Center at Boston University; Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art in Winston-Salem, NC; the Harvard Museum of Natural History; the American Philosophical Society in Philadelphia; the High Museum in Atlanta; and the United States National Academy of Sciences.
Sloan has been an arts administrator since the mid-1980s, directing two national, non-profit artists' organizations and two university art galleries. Sloan was Executive Director of The Light Factory in Charlotte, NC (1985–86); and Associate Director of San Francisco Camerawork in California (1986–89). Sloan was Director of the Roland Gibson Gallery at the State University of New York at Potsdam from 1992 until 1994. Since 1994 Sloan has been the Director and Senior Curator of the Halsey Institute of Contemporary Art at the College of Charleston School of the Arts in Charleston, South Carolina. He has been Consulting Curator for the art collection at the Medical University of South Carolina since 2005. In 2012, the Halsey Institute of Contemporary Art, with special recognition to Mark Sloan, received the Elizabeth O'Neill Verner Governor’s Award for the Arts, the highest award given in the state of South Carolina for the arts [http://www.southcarolinaarts.com/verner/2012/org.shtml].
As a curator, Sloan has produced several hundred exhibitions of contemporary art in his career, many of which have traveled nationally and internationally. Several of these exhibitions have increased the visibility of emerging and mid-career artists who have gone on to become contemporary art mainstays. An active grant-writer who secures funding from major foundations, government agencies, and private donors, Sloan's grant writing and curatorial efforts bring international artists to the United States for residencies and exhibitions. Sloan's curatorial efforts extend beyond the boundaries of his institutional affiliation. Sloan has curated international exhibits that collaboratively engage Clemson University's architecture students. Traveling exhibitions have appeared at the High Museum in Atlanta, Ga., Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco, CA, Presentation House Gallery, in Vancouver, British Columbia, the Musee Art Brut, Lausanne, Switzerland, and the American Visionary Art Museum, Baltimore, MD. In 2009, Sloan curated the "largest collection of original, contemporary South Carolina art on permanent display" at Ashley River Tower, a state-of-the-art hospital at the Medical University of South Carolina. The hospital's permanent installation features 873 original works by 54 contemporary South Carolina artists; funding for the project came from private donations. 
Sloan has authored or co-authored twelve books on subjects as various as Russian conceptual art, early 20th Century circus life, and the Harvard Museum of Natural History. Several of Sloan's books document circus and sideshow history through photography and anecdote. Tome-length book titles reflect the hyperbole of the circus: "Hoaxes, Humbugs, and Spectacles: Astonishing Photographs of Smelt Wrestlers, Human Projectiles, Giant Hailstones, Contortionists, Elephant Impersonators, and Much, Much, More!"; "Dear Mr. Ripley: A Compendium of Curioddities from the Believe It or Not Archives"; and "Wild, Weird, and Wonderful: The American Circus 1901–1927, as Seen by F.W. Glasier, Photographer" are illustrative examples. With "Dear Mr. Ripley", Sloan and his co-authors Roger Manley and Michelle Van Parys were given "privileged access" to all of the correspondence sent to Robert Ripley during his worklife (1918–1948). This book appeared in US, UK, and Japanese editions.
Sloan and frequent collaborator Roger Manley have produced a number of exhibitions and book projects, including "Self-Made Worlds: Visionary Folk Art Environments" in 1997. The resulting book and traveling exhibition were produced by Aperture (magazine). Sloan's photographs and books have inspired artists in other media. Author Sara Gruen credits Sloan's book "Wild, Weird, and Wonderful" as inspiration for her New York Times bestselling novel "Water for Elephants". Costumes and backgrounds for the 2010 film of the same name emanated from the book as well. Choreographer Twyla Tharp used "Wild, Weird, and Wonderful" as inspiration for the sets and costumes of her Broadway production “The Times They Are A-Changin'”, a musical featuring the music of Bob Dylan.
Sloan's assemblage photographs illustrate the "Rarest of the Rare: Stories Behind the Treasures at the Harvard Museum of Natural History", with writer Nancy Pick and a forward by E.O. Wilson. ""Rarest"" was reviewed by NPR and selected as one of the top science books of 2004 by Discover magazine. Wired (magazine) featured Sloan's work in conjunction with an exhibit at National Academy of Sciences in Washington, D.C. Sloan has written for DoubleTake magazine, Mexico’s Luna Cornea, and has been a regional field editor for the College Art Association. He has written numerous catalog essays on contemporary art.
Sloan taught at State University of New York at Potsdam, and is currently an Associate Professor in Arts Management at the College of Charleston.
Mark Sloan lives with his wife, Michelle Van Parys, in Charleston, SC.
Featured artists.
Hung Liu, Renee Stout, Juan Logan, Shimon Attie, Tonja Softic, Nick Cave (performance artist), William Wegman (photographer), Edward Burtynsky, Emmet Gowin, 
Duane Michals, St. EOM (Pasaquan), Georgia Blizzard, Gay Outlaw, Pinky Bass, David Maisel, Leon Golub, David Stern, Susanna Coffey, Garth Evans, Oriane Stender, Mr. Imagination, Regina Frank, E.H. Sorrells Adewale, Quashie, The Art Guys, Shepard Fairey, Jerome Meadows, Kevin Kelley, Volker Seding, Deborah Luster, Motoi Yamamoto, Simon Norfolk, Gideon Bok, Sumakshi Singh, Paola Cabal, Rimma Gerlovina and Valeriy Gerlovin, Jerry Uelsmann, Maggie Taylor, Evon Streetman, Larry Burrows, Craig Barber, Rikuo Ueda, Richard McMahan, Leslie Wayne, Ruth Marten, Sonya Clark, Loren Schwerd, Louis St. Lewis, Kendall Messick, Tiebena Dagnogo, Phyllis Galembo, Aldwyth, Talia Greene, and Althea Murphy-Price.
External links.
Curator

</doc>
<doc id="20332450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332450" title="William Lucas (Michigan)">
William Lucas (Michigan)

William "Bill" Lucas, whose career in public service has spanned 35 years, was born in Harlem, in 1928. When he was orphaned in his early teens (his West Indian immigrant parents died within a year of each other), he went to live with and was raised by an aunt. He attended Morris High School in the Bronx, and starred on the school track team. Because of his track skill he was offered a number of collegiate athletic scholarships, and accepted one from Manhattan College. He was the first in his family to go to college, and graduated with honors, in 1952, with a Bachelor of science degree.
After graduation, Lucas spent several years as a teacher and welfare case worker in New York City. In 1953 he joined the New York Police Department, where he remained for nine years, often working undercover in Harlem. From his experiences with the city legal system he decided to become a lawyer, and attended Fordham University at night. He received his law degree in 1962, and at the graduation ceremony he met Robert Kennedy, who offered him a job in the Justice Department. Lucas accepted and spent two years as an investigator in the civil rights division. He then joined the Federal Bureau of Investigation as a special agent, stationed first in Cincinnati, and later in Detroit. He left the Bureau in 1967 to become Wayne County undersheriff, and two years later was appointed Wayne County sheriff when Roman Gribbs vacated the position after winning election as mayor of Detroit. Lucas was elected Wayne County sheriff in his own right in 1970 and reelected twice thereafter, serving in that capacity for thirteen years. In 1982, he ran successfully for the newly created office of Wayne County Executive. He served for four years as the chief officer of the third largest county in the United States.
Explaining that he was dismayed by the influence of special interests in the Democratic party, Lucas switched political affiliation to the Republican party in May 1985. He won the Republican gubernatorial primary in 1986, only the second Black in the history of the country to win a major party nomination for governor. He ran on a platform that stressed the historic nature of his candidacy, fiscal responsibility, and law and order, but lost the general election to the incumbent, Governor James Blanchard.
Lucas made an unsuccessful run for Wayne County Sheriff in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20332464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332464" title="Couples Retreat">
Couples Retreat

Couples Retreat is a 2009 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Peter Billingsley with contributions to the script by Jon Favreau, Vince Vaughn, Dana Fox, Curtis Hanson, and Greg Beeman. Vaughn and Favreau star with Faizon Love, Jason Bateman, Kristin Davis, Kristen Bell, Malin Åkerman and Jean Reno. It was released on October 9, 2009, in the United States. The film was shot mostly on the island of Bora Bora.
Plot.
Dave (Vince Vaughn), a dealer for Guitar Hero, and Ronnie (Malin Åkerman), a stay-at-home mom, are a typical couple with two young boys. They experience various stresses including redecorating their house and raising their sons. Joey (Jon Favreau) and Lucy (Kristin Davis) are high school sweethearts with a typical rebellious teenage daughter named Lacey. Their relationship is on the rocks. Jason (Jason Bateman) and Cynthia (Kristen Bell) are a neurotic couple who've experienced multiple failed attempts to conceive, and Shane (Faizon Love), who has recently separated from his wife, has a much younger twenty-year-old girlfriend, Trudy (Kali Hawk).
At Dave's son's birthday party, Jason and Cynthia, using PowerPoint, announce their troubled marriage and that they are considering divorce because they cannot have a baby. As a last-ditch effort, they have found a couples therapy resort named Eden. A deal called the Pelican Package is half the normal cost if they can get three other couples to join them. In their presentation, they show beautiful pictures of sunlit beaches and beautiful locations. They also assure the others that the couples therapy is purely optional.
Dave and Ronnie discuss their inability to go because of childcare responsibilities and decline the trip. In the middle of the night, their home security alarm is activated when Jason shows up unexpectedly to further sell the idea of the retreat. The commotion wakes the kids, who have overheard their parents' conversations of not being able to go because of them. Fearing that their parents are contemplating divorce, the kids have already arranged for Dave's father, Grandpa Jim-Jim (played by Vince Vaughn's real-life father, Vernon Vaughn) to babysit so their parents can go to Eden.
The retreat proves to be divided into Eden West and Eden East. West is for couples and uses the tagline "Stay Together". East is for singles and uses the tagline "Come Together". East and West attendees are not allowed to intermingle.
Upon arrival at Eden West, the four couples are shown their villas. At dinner, Sctanley (pronounced "Stanley"), the resort host (Peter Serafinowicz), informs them that couples therapy, which starts at 6 a.m., is actually mandatory. If any couple fails to attend, it will be taken as an indication that they want to leave, and a refund for Eden will be given, although not for their airfare. The group debates what to do. After an indulgent dinner with many delicacies, they decide to put up with "a couple of hours" of therapy in order to enjoy the other amenities of the resort.
In the morning, each couple meets with an assigned therapist. All four couples learn that they have problems, even Ronnie and Dave, who thought they were fine. They endure resort owner Marcel's (Jean Reno) unusual methods, including swimming with and feeding lemon sharks and yoga sessions with amorous instructor Salvadore (Carlos Ponce).
On the fourth night, Trudy escapes to Eden East. The other seven, encouraged by Joey who is unsatisfied with his marriage, leave to find her. Following an argument between Cynthia and Jason, the men and women split up. As they try to find their way to the resort, the men end up arguing and pointing out each others' marriage mistakes.
The women run into Salvadore who takes them to Eden East. The men come across the staff lounge where they find Sctanley playing Guitar Hero. He threatens to report them to Marcel, but Dave challenges him to the game (without telling Sctanley that he is involved in the game's production). Sctanley, after having lost the wager, directs them to Eden East, even though he knows he was tricked by Dave.
When they arrive, Dave realizes what a good thing he has with Ronnie. He goes with her to be alone at a waterfall. Joey finds Lucy with Salvadore and knocks him out, reuniting with his wife. Cynthia and Jason share drinks and end up becoming intimate. Shane runs into his ex-wife, who admits she still loves him. Shane tells Trudy to remain in Eden East and enjoy being single, then leaves with his ex-wife. All four couples return to Eden West.
Marcel, seeing that the couples have worked out their problems, frees them from the therapy and allows them to go jet skiing, and with that, really enjoy the rest of their vacation.
Production.
Filming locations.
The primary location for filming was at the St. Regis Bora Bora Resort, Bora Bora in French Polynesia. Other filming locations include Los Angeles, Universal Studios and O'Hare International Airport.
Editing.
The sinister, darker scenes of the film were omitted from the final cut of the movie.
Marketing.
Universal Pictures was criticized for removing actors Faizon Love and Kali Hawk from the international posters for the film, showing only six rather than the eight cast members used for the U.S. promotional materials. The studio said it regretted causing offense and has abandoned plans to use the revised poster in other countries.
Universal Pictures partnered with various groups for financial support to help market the film. Sponsors include the Tourism Board of Tahiti where the film was made, the manufacturers of Bud Light and Captain Morgan's Rum, Bloomingdale's department store, and Crunch Gyms. The video game "Guitar Hero" is also prominently featured in the film.
Reception.
Critical reviews.
The film received mostly negative reviews. On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 top reviews from mainstream critics, the film received generally unfavorable reviews earning a score of 23% based on 27 reviews. Rotten Tomatoes gave the film an aggregate rating of 12% based on 155 reviews, with a rating score of 3.6 out of 10. The critical consensus is: "Despite a talented cast and some reliably pleasant interplay between Jon Favreau and Vince Vaughn, "Couples Retreat" leaves viewers stranded in an arid, mirthless comedy."
Litigation.
A former model and current salon stylist, Irina Krupnik, filed a $10 million misappropriation-of-likeness invasion-of-privacy lawsuit, naming several defendants including the producers of "Couples Retreat" arising from a purported masturbation scene in which actor Jon Favreau uses a photo of her. Manhattan Supreme Court Judge O. Peter Sherwood ruled against Krupnik, and she received nothing.
Box office.
Despite the negative critical reception, it was a box office success, ranking first for its opening weekend grossing $34,286,740 and becoming Vince Vaughn's highest box office success since 2006's "The Break-Up". The film has grossed $109.2 million domestically and $58.8 million in foreign markets for a worldwide total of $171 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20332471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332471" title="Lednagullin">
Lednagullin

Lednagullin is a village on the south east shore of Armadale Bay in Caithness, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="20332493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332493" title="A Bill Full of Dollars">
A Bill Full of Dollars

"A Bill Full of Dollars" is the sixth episode in the 13th season of the Fox animated series "King of the Hill", and the 241st episode overall. It originally aired on November 16, 2008. Sally Lindsay guest stars.
Plot.
Peggy and Bobby become fed up with the picture quality on the family's current television, and petition Hank for a new flat screen panel; when he refuses, Peggy decides to raise the money for one herself. She consults Dale and Minh for ideas on how to obtain more money, and when Minh suggests investing in the stock market the three of them go in on stock in a biotechnology company. A week later, however, their stock has tanked, and they decide to reinvest what they have left on stock in what 'average' consumers are buying. While observing consumers' buying patterns in a local supermarket, the three run into Bill, and, realizing just how average Bill is, they decide to carefully follow his consumption patterns. However, Dale cautions them not to let Bill know that they are tracking his buying habits, citing the 'observer effect' and saying that people act most naturally when they are unaware that others are watching them. Meanwhile, Bill, having recently felt ignored by his friends, simply takes joy in how much Peggy, Dale, and Minh suddenly seem to want to be with him on his outings.
Their observations and investments pay off, and soon Peggy has her new flat screen (although the excessive special features prove a bit cumbersome to the family). However, when Hank asks after how she was able to afford it and finds out about how she, Dale, and Minh had been using Bill, he angrily insists that they let Bill in on what they've been doing. To their relief, Bill is honored rather than upset to hear their confession, proud that his thoughts finally matter to his friends. Soon, Minh suggests to Peggy and Dale that they diversify their stock portfolios, and they drag Bill to a technology trade show in Austin. Once there, however, Bill finds himself in over his head when it becomes apparent that he has no on-command instinct for consumer electronics, and Peggy and the others abandon him, calling him 'broken'.
In a desperate bid to prove himself to his friends, Bill jumps into the investing game himself, even mortgaging his house, only to lose everything. Hank confronts Peggy and the others about what Bill has done, and they agree to sell their own holdings to help Bill pay off his investment debts, and Hank sells the 'ill-gotten' flat-screen to Buck to boost their funds. The money they raise, however, is nowhere near enough, though they go ahead and offer it to Bill anyway; Bill tells them, as Buck and a hired mover help pack up the flat-screen, that he has simply filed for bankruptcy. Buck and his mover take notice, and eagerly ask how the filing process works; Bill, happy to have people listening to him once again, gladly fills them in.
Reception.
This episode received 7.04 million viewers, the third-highest rated program on Fox that evening.

</doc>
<doc id="20332503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332503" title="Swedish general election, 1911">
Swedish general election, 1911

General elections were held in Sweden between 3 and 24 September 1911, the first election in Sweden with universal male suffrage. The Free-minded National Association emerged as the largest party, winning 102 of the 230 seats in the Second Chamber of the Riksdag.
As a result of the election, Right-winger Arvid Lindman resigned as Prime Minister and was replaced by Liberal leader Karl Staaff.

</doc>
<doc id="20332548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332548" title="And the Bands Played On">
And the Bands Played On

"And the Bands Played On" is a single by heavy metal band Saxon from their 1981 album "Denim and Leather". It peaked at number 12 on the UK Singles Chart and is Saxon's most successful single to date. The album version has a cold ending at 2:48, but the single version continues slightly longer to 2:53 and has a fade ending. The 7" single version has yet to appear on CD.
The lyrics, written by singer Biff Byford, are about Saxon's performing at the Monsters of Rock festival in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20332586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332586" title="Andrew Mason (rugby league)">
Andrew Mason (rugby league)

Andrew "Andy" Mason ( in Leeds) is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s, playing at club level for Bramley, Leeds, and Wakefield Trinity, as a , i.e. number 3 or 4.
County Cup Final Appearances.
Andy Mason played , i.e. number 3 and scored a try in Wakefield Trinity’s 29–16 victory over Sheffield Eagles in the 1992 Yorkshire Cup final at Elland Road, Leeds on Sunday 18 October 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20332589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332589" title="Letterfearn">
Letterfearn

Letterfearn () is a settlement that lies of the western shore of Loch Duich in Skye and Lochalsh, Highlands of Scotland and is in the council area of Highland. Eilean Donan Castle lies two miles north of Letterfearn.

</doc>
<doc id="20332612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332612" title="Andrew Wilson (rugby league)">
Andrew Wilson (rugby league)

Andrew "Andy" Wilson (born in Leeds) is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s, playing at club level for Huddersfield, and Wakefield Trinity, as a , i.e. number 2 or 5. He is Assistant Coach at Yorkshire Amateur Rugby League side Queens ARLFC [http://www.pitchero.com/clubs/queensarl] of Leeds, who play in the Unison Premier Division.
County Cup Final Appearances.
Andy Wilson played Left-, i.e. number 5 in Wakefield Trinity's 29–16 victory over Sheffield Eagles in the 1992–93 Yorkshire Cup final at Elland Road, Leeds on Sunday 18 October 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20332621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332621" title="Billy Conway">
Billy Conway

William "Billy" Roy Conway (born ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s, '90s and 2000s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity, Doncaster, and Normanton Knights, as a , i.e. number 9.
County Cup Final Appearances.
Billy Conway played as a substitute in Wakefield Trinity's 29–16 victory over Sheffield Eagles in the 1992 Yorkshire Cup final at Elland Road, Leeds on Sunday 18 October 1992.
Testimonial match.
Billy Conway's Testimonial match at Wakefield Trinity took place in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20332633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332633" title="Tracey Lazenby">
Tracey Lazenby

Tracey Lazenby (April→June ) born in Kingston upon Hull, is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s playing at club level for Hull Kingston Rovers, Hull, Wakefield Trinity, and Penrith Panthers, as a , or , i.e. number 6, or 13.
County cup final appearnaces.
Tracey Lazenby was man of the match in Wakefield Trinity's 8-11 defeat to Castleford in the 1990–91 Yorkshire Cup at Elland Road on 23 September 1990.
Genealogical information.
Tracey Lazenby is the brother of the rugby league footballer of the 1980s for Hull, Colin Lazenby[http://www.rugbyleagueproject.org/players/colin-lazenby/summary.html].

</doc>
<doc id="20332634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332634" title="Les Duos de Marc">
Les Duos de Marc

Les Duos de Marc is a 2007 compilation recorded by French artist Marc Lavoine. This album is a best of containing all the singer's duets recorded throughout his career, since 1985. Released on October 22, 2007, at the same of Lavoine's other best of "Les Solos de Marc", the album was very successful in France, where it topped the chart for two weeks, and in Belgium (Wallonia), where it reached the top two.
Track listings.
Source : "Allmusic".

</doc>
<doc id="20332641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332641" title="KNFT (AM)">
KNFT (AM)

KNFT (950 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an Oldies format. Licensed to Bayard, New Mexico, USA, the station is currently owned by SkyWest Media, LLC, and the broadcast license is held by Skywest Licenses New Mexico, LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="20332652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332652" title="Pittencrieff Park">
Pittencrieff Park

Pittencrieff Park (known locally as "The Glen") is a public park in Dunfermline, Fife, Scotland. It was purchased in 1902 by the town's most famous son, Andrew Carnegie, and given to the people of Dunfermline in a ceremony the following year. Its lands include the historically significant and topologically rugged glen which interrupts the centre of Dunfermline and, accordingly, part of the intention of the purchase was to carry out civic development of the area in a way which also respected its heritage. The project notably attracted the attention of the urban planner and educationalist, Patrick Geddes.
The glen is an area of topographical and historical significance to Dunfermline as the original site of Malcolm's Tower, the probable remains of which can be identified today on a strongly defendable outcrop of rock. To the eastern side of the park is Dunfermline Palace with Dunfermline Abbey and to the west it overlooks the village of Crossford.
History.
The lands of the modern park were previously known as Pittencrieff Estate. In 1902, Andrew Carnegie purchased both Pittencrieff House and Estate from its then owner, Colonel James Maitland Hunt, ultimately with the intention of giving these to the people of Dunfermline. The official donation ceremony occurred the following year, and a trust fund in honour of the benefactory, known as Dunfermline Carnegie Trust, was founded for the general maintenance of the glen.
As part of the donation of the estate, the Dunfermline Carnegie Trust invited proposals for the development of the area as a civic space. Two entries were submitted in 1903-04, one of which was by the world-renowned urban planner, naturalist and educationalist Patrick Geddes (1854–1932). His thinking about the commission, as he saw it, to balance preservation of heritage with regeneration, was an important influence in the formation of his ideas in town planning and civic renaissance. The second entry was by the landscape designer, Thomas Mawson. Although neither scheme was adopted, both influenced subsequent work on the establishment of the park as it exists today. 
Pittencrieff House Museum.
In the subsequent development of the modern park, Pittencrieff House was designed as a centre piece. The house was built by Sir Alexander Clerk of Pittencrieff as a simple laird's house with two stories and an attic around 1635. Two of the bedrooms were converted to create two long galleries for museum and art exhibition space in a restoration programme undertaken by Sir Robert Lorimar between 1911 and 1913. The house itself now serves as the Pittencrieff House Museum, with exhibits about the formation of the park and its natural history, including dinosaurs, fossils and wildlife.
Park features.
On the northern boundary of the park lies the prominent statue of Andrew Carnegie which was built in 1914 and a dovecot, in the style of a round tower from around 1700. The main gates to the park known as the Louise Carnegie Gates which opened in 1928 are located to the north-east.
The park also holds a former petting zoo, a large greenhouse and three playgrounds.
British Military Fitness run one hour classes on Monday, Wednesday and Saturday in the park.

</doc>
<doc id="20332673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332673" title="Macedonski (surname)">
Macedonski (surname)

Macedonski (rarely spelled Macedonschi or Macedonsky) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20332674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332674" title="Biathanatos">
Biathanatos

Biathanatos is a work by the English writer and clergyman John Donne. Written in 1608 and published after his death, it contains a heterodox defense of self-homicide (suicide), listing prominent Biblical examples including Jesus, Samson, Saul, and Judas Iscariot. Thomas de Quincey responds to the work in his "Writings VIII", page 336, and Jorge Luis Borges responds in "Biathanatos", in his collected non-fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="20332687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332687" title="Buddy Schultz">
Buddy Schultz

Charles Budd "Buddy" Schultz (born September 19, 1950 in Cleveland, Ohio), was a Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He played for the Chicago Cubs and St. Louis Cardinals.
Schultz holds the NCAA record for most strikeouts in a game. On April 3, 1971, while playing for Miami University (Ohio), he threw 26 strikeouts against Wright State. See NCAA statistics.

</doc>
<doc id="20332695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332695" title="1929–30 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1929–30 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1929-30 campaign was a season that saw Town reach their 4th FA Cup Final in 10 years. They finished in 10th place in Clem Stephenson's first season in charge.
Review.
Following the disappointing 16th place finish the previous season, Jack Chaplin stepped down from the manager's hotseat to be the assistant to the recently retired Town legend Clem Stephenson. The season produced mixed results which varied from a 4-1 win over eventual champions Sheffield Wednesday to the massive 7-1 defeat to Bolton Wanderers on New Year's Day 1930. The season is most noted for the team's FA Cup run, which saw the team reach their 4th final, mainly thanks to the 9 cup goals scored by Alex Jackson. Unfortunately, the final was against an Arsenal side led by Town's managerial legend Herbert Chapman. The Gunners beat the Terriers 2-0 at Wembley to win their first ever title. That wouldn't be the last title they would win under Chapman.

</doc>
<doc id="20332696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332696" title="Lazy Sunday (disambiguation)">
Lazy Sunday (disambiguation)

Lazy Sunday could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20332705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332705" title="Partnership for Prosperity and Security in the Caribbean">
Partnership for Prosperity and Security in the Caribbean

The Partnership for Prosperity and Security in the Caribbean (PPS) is a regional-level dialogue with the stated purpose of providing greater cooperation on security and economic issues. The Partnership was founded in Bridgetown, Barbados on March 10, 1997 by the Governments of the United States of America, Antigua and Barbuda, the Commonwealth of The Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, the Commonwealth of Dominica, the Dominican Republic, Grenada, the Co-operative Republic of Guyana, the Republic of Haiti, Jamaica, the Federation of St. Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, the Republic of Suriname and the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago.
The major principles covered under the agreement are:
As part of agreement the heads agree to pledge their confidence and support in the establishment of the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) and adhering to the goals of World Trade Organization (WTO) as well as the multi-lateral agenda of security in the Caribbean region.
The agreement sets out a basis for helping the Caribbean countries combat the HIV/AIDS epidemic and for trans-regional illegal-drug interdiction cooperation with the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20332732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332732" title="2008 Amendments to the Constitution of Russia">
2008 Amendments to the Constitution of Russia

The amendments of 2008, which were proposed in November 2008 and came into force on 31 December 2008, have become the first substantial amendments to the Constitution of Russia of 1993 and extended the terms of the President of Russia and the State Duma from four to six and five years, respectively. Earlier only minor adjustments concerning the naming of the federal subjects or their merging were made, which require a much simpler procedure.
President Dmitry Medvedev, who succeeded Vladimir Putin earlier that year, made that brief proposal during his first annual address to the Federal Assembly on 5 November 2008:
The change doesn't apply retroactively and shouldn't affect the current terms of the President and the State Duma and will take effect for the next time. As of 2008, the articles 81.1 and 96.1 of the Constitution of 1993 stipulated that the President and the State Duma should be elected for a term of four years. According to the articles 136 and 108, amendments to the provisions of Chapters 3–8, including the articles 81 and 96, require the same approval as a federal constitutional law, that is, a two-thirds supermajority vote in the State Duma, the lower house and a three-fourths supermajority vote in the Federation Council, the upper house, and come into force as they have passed the Regional legislatures of no less than two thirds of the 83 federal subjects.
The President formally submitted the bill to the State Duma on 11 November. The State Duma, dominated by pro-government parties after the election of 2007, swiftly approved the proposal in the three required readings on 14 November (388 in favor/58 against), 19 November (351 in favor/57 against) and 21 November (392 in favor/57 against). Of the four parties represented in the State Duma, only the Communist Party, represented by 57 members of parliament, opposed the bill. The United Russia, Liberal Democratic Party and Fair Russia all supported the bill. Viktor Ilyukhin, a Communist legislator, commented during discussions in the State Duma on 14 November: 
The fractured democratic opposition outside the parliament also condemned the proposed changes to the constitution. On 26 November the Federation Council approved the bill with 144 votes in favor and one against.
Yulia Latynina, journalist for the "The Moscow Times", speculated that the reform prefigures Vladimir Putin's return to the Kremlin, probably earlier than in May 2012, when Medvedev's term is set to expire. An unnamed official from the Presidential Executive Office cited by "Vedomosti" hinted that Medvedev could resign as early as in 2009. According to "Vedomosti"'s source, the alleged plan was masterminded by Vladislav Surkov in 2007. A survey held by VTsIOM on 15–16 November showed 56% support of a longer presidency and extended term of parliament among the Russians. The support, however, was lower in big cities.
By 18 December the provincial legislatures of all 83 federal subjects of Russia had approved the amendments. The Federation Council reviewed and accepted the approvals on 22 December and on 30 December President Medvedev signed them into law. The amendments were published in "Rossiyskaya Gazeta" and hence came into force on 31 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20332751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332751" title="Polycystic kidney disease">
Polycystic kidney disease

Polycystic kidney disease (PKD or PCKD, also known as polycystic kidney syndrome) is a cystic genetic disorder of the kidneys. There are two types of PKD: autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) and the less-common autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease (ARPKD).
It occurs in humans and some other animals. PKD is characterized by the presence of multiple cysts (hence, "polycystic") typically in both kidneys; however 17% of cases initially present with observable disease in one kidney, with most cases progressing to bilateral disease in adulthood. The cysts are numerous and are fluid-filled, resulting in massive enlargement of the kidneys. The disease can also damage the liver, pancreas and, in some rare cases, the heart and brain. The two major forms of polycystic kidney disease are distinguished by their patterns of inheritance.
Polycystic kidney disease is one of the most common life-threatening genetic diseases, affecting an estimated 12.5 million people worldwide. 
Types.
Autosomal dominant.
Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) is the most common of all the hereditary cystic kidney diseases with an incidence of 1:500 live births. Studies show that 10% of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients being treated with hemodialysis in Europe and the U.S. were initially diagnosed and treated for ADPKD. ADPKD does not appear to demonstrate a preference for any particular ethnicity. 
ADPKD is characterized by progressive cyst development and bilaterally enlarged kidneys with multiple cysts. There are three genetic mutations in the PKD-1, PKD-2, and PKD3 gene with similar phenotypical presentations. Gene PKD-1 is located on chromosome 16 and codes for a protein involved in regulation of cell cycle and intracellular calcium transport in epithelial cells, and is responsible for 85% of the cases of ADPKD. A group of voltage-linked calcium channels are coded for by PKD-2 on chromosome 4. PKD3 recently appeared in research papers as a postulated 3rd gene. At this time, PKD3 has not been proven. Fewer than 10% of cases of ADPKD appear in non-ADPKD families. 
Cyst formation begins in utero from any point along the nephron, although fewer than 5% of nephrons are thought to be involved. As the cysts accumulate fluid, they enlarge, separate entirely from the nephron, compress the neighboring renal parenchyma, and progressively compromise renal function.
Under the function of gene defect, epithelial cells of renal tubule turn into epithelial cells of cyst wall after phenotype change, and begin to have the function of secreting cyst fluid, which leads to continuous cysts enlargement.
Autosomal recessive.
Studies show that the incidence of autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease (ARPKD) (OMIM #263200) is 1:20,000 live births and is typically identified in the first few weeks after birth. Unfortunately, resulting hypoplasia results in a 30% death rate in neonates with ARPKD. In ARPKD kidneys retain their shape but are larger than the normal anatomical range with dilated collecting ducts from the medulla to the cortex.
Extrarenal manifestations.
The major extrarenal complications of ADPKD include cerebral aneurysms, hepatic cysts, pancreatic cysts, splenic cysts, ovarian cysts, prostatic cysts, cardiac valve disease (especially mitral valve prolapse), colonic diverticula, and aortic root dilatation.
Research directions.
It is known that a certain molecule known as cAMP is involved in the enlargement of kidney cysts in PKD kidneys. Various studies on rodents have shown that a hormone, called vasopressin, increases levels of cAMP in the body. When mice with PKD were given a chemical that blocks vasopressin, there was an impressive decrease in kidney size and some preservation of kidney function. Similarly, when studied mice consumed excessive amounts of water (which decreases levels of vasopressin), a similar result was seen. It has therefore been suggested that consuming large amounts of water may possibly assist in the treatment of early stage PKD.
As humans do not always mimic rodents in clinical trials, it is currently not yet certain whether vasopressin inhibitors, such as water, will have corresponding results in humans, or what negative effects excessive water intake may have on the kidneys of individuals with PKD. Clinical trials are currently underway in this field.
It has also been suggested that treatment with medications inhibiting vasopressin may assist in the management of PKD and reduce the speed at which kidney cysts form and grow, delaying the onset of end stage renal failure. Clinical trials are currently underway in the testing of Tolvaptan, a U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved medication which has not yet been approved for use in the treatment of PKD.

</doc>
<doc id="20332756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332756" title="2009 Connecticut Sun season">
2009 Connecticut Sun season

The 2009 WNBA season is the 11th season for the Connecticut Sun franchise of the Women's National Basketball Association. It is their 7th in Connecticut. The Sun attempted to advance to the WNBA Playoffs for the seventh consecutive season, but did not qualify for the postseason.
Offseason.
Dispersal Draft.
Based on the Sun's 2008 record, they would pick 10th in the Houston Comets dispersal draft. The Sun waived their pick.
WNBA Draft.
The following are the Sun's selections in the 2009 WNBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20332772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332772" title="Dave Sullivan (Illinois politician)">
Dave Sullivan (Illinois politician)

Dave Sullivan (born December 29, 1964 in Chicago) is a former Illinois State Senator. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was first appointed in 1998 to fill a vacancy following the death of former State Senator Marty Butler. He was subsequently re-elected in 2000 and 2002. He has a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from Marquette University.
He resigned in September 2005 and did not run for re-election in the 2006 state elections stating that his salary would not cover the cost of sending his four children to Marquette University.

</doc>
<doc id="20332774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332774" title="Dražen Biškup">
Dražen Biškup

Club career.
NK Zagreb.
Biškup played for NK Dinamo Zagreb in the Yugoslav First League and for NK Zagreb in Yugoslav Third League, Yugoslav Second League and later in the Croatian Prva HNL. Biškup spent almost entire his career in NK Zagreb. He start playing professional football in Dinamo in which he did not received sufficient minutes on the pitch, therefore, he decided to join NK Zagreb, which then played in the third division. After two seasons in NK Zagreb he attempted to try one more time with Dinamo but after his lack of opportunity in Dinamo once again, he returned to the Zagreb team in the season 1990/1991 when Zagreb played in second Yugoslav division and immediately helped them win championship and promotion to the First Division the following year, which have not been played due to breakup of Yugoslavia. He stayed with Zagreb in newly established Croatian football league and helped achieve the best results in the club history until then. In 1992 season they ended up as vice-champions, after close battle with Hajduk. 1992–93 they won third place, and in 1993–94 they finished second again and again behind the Hajduk for only a point. After a short episode in Austria, he returned to Zagreb and in 1996–97 season made it to the Cup finals in which they lost undeserved with the referee help to Dinamo 1–2 at Maksimir. He played until the end of 1999–2000 season, when he decided to end his career at 35 years of age in his favorite club and leave his place to younger players. For Zagreb he played a total of 244 games in eleven seasons on three occasions and as a defensive player scored five goals.
International career.
Biškup made five appearances for the full Croatia national football team.
Coaching career.
After years of coaching in Suhopolje there was a desire for change. He replaced Suhopolje by another second-league club, NK Lučko, in which club's ambitions were much bigger. It was a debut season in the second division for NK Lučko. He took the club prior tenth round, and lost first game against NK Vinogradar away 3–1. In the end he won fourth place in the league, behind third-placed NK Hrvatski Dragovoljac who won promotion to the first division thanks to two goals scored more than NK Lučko since both teams won 42 points. The following 2010–11 season he managed to secure promotion to first division as vice-champions of the second division. Only better than them was HNK Gorica. In that season NK Lučko made a league record away win against the club which he also managed before, HNK Suhopolje, 7–0. He led the club in their debut season in the first division 2011–12 but did not remain long in position of head coach because after five rounds, and only one point won in the first division, he concluded an agreement on terminating the contract with NK Lučko on 22 August 2011. Fatal set of results, which resulted in termination of the contract was 1–1 vs Zadar, 0–1 vs Rijeka, 0–2 vs Istra 1961, 0–1 vs Zagreb and 1–2 vs Split. At the end of the season NK Lučko still failed to save their status as a major league club by finishing thirteenth out of sixteen clubs in the championship and were relegated to the second league. Just a few days after, he took up a new job at NK Zelina. NK Zelina competed in the third league and after having played the first round at home against Krk in which they draw 1–1 he was appointed for a head coach just one day before the second round. In his first game on Zelina bench they played away game against one of competitors in the league for the promotion, Vrapče and lost. At end of the championship however, they were able to catch up and become the 2011–12 league champions ahead of Vrapče thanks to a better goal difference since they both had 69 points and won promotion to the Croatian Second League. Currently after having gone through half of the championship in second division, Zelina holds third place.
Statistics.
G – Matches managed; W – Matches won; D – Matches drawn; L – Matches lost; GF – Goals for; GA – Goals against

</doc>
<doc id="20332785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332785" title="Autosomal recessive polycystic kidney">
Autosomal recessive polycystic kidney

The recessive form of polycystic kidney, called ARPKD (autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease) is less common than autosomal dominant polycystic kidney.
Mutations in the "PKHD1" (chromosomal locus 6p12.2) cause ARPKD.
It can present with Potter sequence.
Clinical Features.
The clinical presentation of ARPKD is highly variable. Up to 50% of affected neonates die of pulmonary hypoplasia, the result of oligohydramnios from severe intrauterine kidney disease. About 80% of those who survive the neonatal period are still alive after 10 years; however, one-third of them will have developed ESRD. Enlarged kidneys may be detected soon after birth as bilateral abdominal masses. Impaired urinary concentrating ability and metabolic acidosis ensue as tubular function deteriorates. Hypertension often occurs in the first few years of life. Kidney function deteriorates progressively from childhood into early adult life. Longer-term survivors frequently develop portal hypertension, esophageal varices, and hypersplenism from periportal fibrosis.
Risk factors for progressive kidney disease include younger age at diagnosis, black race, male gender, presence of polycystin-1 mutation, and hypertension.
General presenting symptoms and signs include abdominal discomfort, hematuria, urinary tract infection, incidental discovery of hypertension, abdominal mass, elevated serum creatinine, or cystic kidneys on imaging studies, patients usually have renal pain, and develop renal insufficiency.
ARPKD-Specific:
The classic presentation for ARPKD is systemic hypertension with progression to end-stage renal disease (ESRD) by the age of 15. In atypical presentation, a small number of ARPKD sufferers live to adulthood with some kidney function; but with significant deterioration in liver function. This outcome is postulated to result from expression of the polycystic kidney and hepatic disease gene PKHD1, which is located on chromosome 6p.
ADPKD-Specific:
ADPKD is associated with pathologies in other body systems, in contrast to ARPKD. In 50% of the cases cysts appear in other abdominal organs in including the liver, pancreas, spleen, lung, seminal vesicles, and ovaries. 10 to 30% have Berry aneurysms in the Circle of Willis cerebral circulation. The most common sites for cysts include the coronary arteries; and abnormalities in cardiac valves, hernias, and diverticuli are all documented.
Clinical Course:
Approximately 50% of patients with ADPKD have end-stage renal disease (ESRD) by the age of 60, but those with ADPKD-2 tend to have later onset and slower progression. Hypertension is common, and often precedes renal dysfunction. Abdominal pain and early satiety and gastroesophageal reflux symptoms are common, due to the mass effect of the enlarged kidneys. Cyst rupture or hemorrhage into a cyst may produce acute pain or symptoms and signs of localized peritonitis. Hematuria may result from cyst rupture into the collecting system, or from uric acid or calcium oxalate kidney stones. Nephrolithiasis occurs in about 20% of patients.
Urinary tract infection occurs with increased frequency in ADPKD. Infection in a kidney or liver cyst is a particularly serious complication. It is most often due to Gram-negative bacteria, and presents with pain, fever, and chills. Blood cultures are frequently positive, but urine culture may be negative, because infected kidney cysts do not communicate directly with the collecting duct system. Distinguishing between infection and cyst hemorrhage is often a challenge, and the diagnosis relies mainly on clinical and bacteriological findings. Radiological and nuclear imaging studies are generally not helpful.
Numerous extrarenal manifestations of ADPKD highlight the systemic nature of the disease, and likely reflect a generalized abnormality in collagen and extracellular matrix. Patients with ADPKD have an increased risk of cerebral hemorrhage from a ruptured intracranial aneurysm, as compared to the general population. Saccular aneurysms of the anterior cerebral circulation may be detected in up to 10% of asymptomatic patients on MRA screening, but most are small, have a low risk of spontaneous rupture, and do not merit the risk of intervention. In general, hemorrhage tends to occur before the age of 50 years. In patients with a family history of intracranial hemorrhage, those who have survived a previous bleed have aneurysms larger than 10 mm, and have uncontrolled hypertension. Other vascular abnormalities include aortic root and annulus dilatation. Cardiac valvular abnormalities occur in 25% of patients – most commonly mitral valve prolapse and aortic regurgitation. Although most valvular lesions are asymptomatic, some may progress over time, and warrant valve replacement. Abdominal hernia and inguinal hernia also occur with a higher frequency than in the general population.
Diagnosis.
Ultrasonography reveals large, echogenic kidneys. The diagnosis can be made in utero after 24 weeks of gestation in severe cases, but cysts generally become visible only after birth. The absence of renal cysts in either parent on ultrasonography helps to distinguish ARPKD from ADPKD in older patients. The wide range of different mutations and the large size of the gene complicate molecular diagnosis, although prenatal diagnosis is possible by gene linkage to the PKHD1 locus in families with a previous confirmed ARPKD birth.
The sensitivity of renal ultrasonography for the detection of ADPKD is 100% for subjects 30 years or older with a positive family history. Diagnostic criteria require two or more cysts in one kidney and at least one cyst in the contralateral kidney in young subjects, but four or more in subjects older than 60 years, because of the increased frequency of benign simple cysts. Most often, the diagnosis is made from a positive family history and imaging studies showing large kidneys with multiple bilateral cysts and possibly liver cysts. Before the age of 30 years, CT scan or T2-weighted MRI is more sensitive for detecting presymptomatic disease because the sensitivity of ultrasound falls to 95% for ADPKD type 1 and <70% for ADPKD type 2. Genetic counseling is essential for those being screened. It is recommended that screening for asymptomatic intracranial aneurysms should be restricted to patients with a personal or family history of intracranial hemorrhage. Intervention should be limited to aneurysms larger than 10 mm. Someone with this disease has a 5% chance of getting brain aneurysms.
Treatment.
No specific therapy exists for ARPKD. Improvements in mechanical ventilation, neonatal support, blood pressure management, dialysis, and kidney transplantation have led to survival well into adulthood. Complications of hepatic fibrosis may necessitate liver transplantation. Future therapies may target aberrant cell signaling mechanisms, as in ADPKD.
At present, treatment is largely supportive, as there is no single therapy that has been shown to prevent the decline in kidney function. Hypertension control with a target blood pressure of 130/85 or less is recommended. Lower levels have been reported to slow the rate of loss of kidney function. A multidrug approach that includes agents to inhibit the renin-angiotensin system is frequently required. There is no compelling evidence to recommend a low-protein diet, especially in patients with advanced kidney dysfunction where optimizing nutritional status is important. Lipid-soluble antimicrobials, such as trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and quinolone antibiotics that have good tissue permeation, are the preferred therapy for infected kidney cysts. Pain-management occasionally requires cyst drainage by percutaneous aspiration, sclerotherapy with alcohol or, rarely, surgical drainage. Patients with ADPKD appear to have a survival advantage on either peritoneal or hemodialysis compared to patients with other causes of ESRD. Those undergoing kidney transplantation may require bilateral nephrectomy if the kidneys are massively enlarged or have been the site of infected cysts. Post-transplantation survival rates are similar to those of patients with other causes of kidney failure, but patients remain at risk for the extrarenal complications of ADPKD.
Studies in animal models of inherited cystic disease have identified promising therapeutic strategies, which are undergoing clinical research, including vasopressin V2 receptor antagonists (such as Tolvaptan), and mTOR inhibitors (such as Sirolimus or Everolimus).

</doc>
<doc id="20332789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332789" title="Brian Krueger">
Brian Krueger

Brian Krueger is an Internet entrepreneur, author, lecturer and business leader on the subjects of job search, interviewing and best practices in hiring.
Background.
Brian graduated from the University of Notre Dame (BBA Finance) in 1982. Brian started his career in software development, then moved into talent acquisition in the tech sector.
In 1995 Brian founded CollegeGrad.com, one of the original three entry level job boards (along with JobTRAK and JobDirect). CollegeGrad.com was acquired by College Enterprises, Inc. (which was later acquired by Blackboard Inc.) in early 2000 and stayed on as Vice President, while concurrently working as Director of Staffing and Employee Development for Keane, Inc. Brian later reacquired CollegeGrad.com in late 2000 and continued as President and CEO until its sale in late 2007 to QuinStreet Inc..
While at CollegeGrad.com, Brian developed a series of career videos that were posted to YouTube and have received over six million views.
Brian was named the Industry Leader of the Year in 2006 in the Recruiting And Staffing Best In Class (RASBIC) Awards.
Brian is Co-Founder and CEO of Mobile Recruiting Ventures. Previously, he was Vice President, Global Talent Acquisition for Amazon.com. Prior to Amazon, he worked for Unisys, IBM and Computer Sciences Corporation.
He and his wife Kristin live on Bainbridge Island, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="20332795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332795" title="Copyright aspects of hyperlinking and framing">
Copyright aspects of hyperlinking and framing

In copyright law, the legal status of hyperlinking (also termed "linking") and that of framing concern how courts address two different but related web technologies. In large part, the legal issues concern use of these technologies to create or facilitate public access to proprietary media content — such as portions of commercial Web sites.
When hyperlinking and framing have the effect of distributing, and creating routes for distribution of, content (information) that does not come from the proprietors of the Web pages affected by these practices, the proprietors often seek the aid of courts to suppress the conduct, particularly when the effect of the conduct is to disrupt or circumvent the proprietors' mechanisms for receiving financial compensation.
The issues about linking and framing have become so intertwined under copyright law that it is impractical to attempt to address them separately. As will appear, some decisions confuse them with one another, while other decisions involve and therefore address both. Framing involves the use of hyperlinking, so that any challenge of framing under copyright law is likely to involve a challenge of hyperlinking as well. (The converse is not true.)
Linking.
While hyperlinking occurs in other technologies, US copyright litigation has centered on HTML. Accordingly, this article considers only such technology.
Ordinary link.
The HTML code for a simple, ordinary hyperlink is as shown below.
<syntaxhighlight lang="html5">
General Information Concerning Patents
</syntaxhighlight>
A typical Internet browser will render the foregoing HTML code as:
General Information Concerning Patents
When a user clicks on the underlined text, the browser jumps from the page on which the link is shown to a page of the website of the US Patent and Trademark Office that has the URL (web address) shown above; http://www.uspto.gov/web/offices/pac/doc/general/index.html.
Deep link.
Most Web sites are organized hierarchically, with a home page at the top and deeper pages within the site, reached by links on the home page. Businesses often want users to enter their Web sites from the home pages, so that they are exposed to advertising messages. A third party can thwart this expectation by so-called deep linking. The term refers to using a hyperlink that takes a user directly to a page other than the top or home page. The link given above is a deep link. A home-page link would be written this way:
<syntaxhighlight lang="html5">
USPTO
</syntaxhighlight>
Several lawsuits have involved complaints by proprietors of Web pages against the use of deep links.
Inline link.
Related issues arise from use of inline links (also image-source or img-src links, so called because the HTML code begins with "img src=") on Web pages. An inline link places material — usually an image such as a Jpeg or Gif — from a distant Web site onto the Web page being viewed. For example, the image at the right is the seal of the U.S. Patent Office, as shown on some of its pages at the PTO Web site. The URL of one version of the PTO seal image is http://www.uspto.gov/images/uspto_seal_200.gif. You can see a version of this image in context at http://www.uspto.gov/main/profiles/copyright.htm. The former of these becomes an inline or img-src link if "img src=" is inserted before the "http", angle brackets enclose the whole expression, and the entire code fragment is inserted into the text of a page of HTML code.
When an inline (img-src) link of an image is used on a Web page, it seems to be present as a part of the Web page that you are viewing. The presence of the image is only virtual, however, in the sense that the image file is not physically present at the server for the Web site being viewed. The actual location of the image file, if the image were that of the PTO seal, would be at the PTO server in Virginia. Use of inline linking has led to contentious litigation (discussed below).
Hierarchy of links.
Image links can be categorized in a hierarchical series, based on the technological expedient used to effectuate the link. The same series corresponds to successively lower levels of risk of copyright infringement liability. The hierarchy operates as follows, using the PTO seal as an example for discussion purposes (actually, it is not legally protected because it is a government work):
Framing.
Framing is the juxtaposition of two separate web pages within the same page, usually with a separate frame with navigational elements.
Framing is a method of presentation in a Web page that breaks the screen up into multiple non-overlapping windows. Each window contains a display from a separate HTML file, for example, a Web page from a different Web site that is fetched by automatically hyperlinking to it. While the usage of frames as a common web design element has been deprecated for several years (replaced by the usage of elements), some sites, like Google Images and Google Translate, use frames as a way to help navigate non-Google pages from a framed Google interface.
Incorporating copyrighted web content by usage of framing has led to contentious litigation. Frames can be used for web pages belonging to the original site, or to load pages from other sites into a customized arrangement of frames that provide a generalized interface without actually requiring the viewer to browse the linked site from that site's URLs and interfaces.
Proprietors of copyright in framed pages have at times contended that framing their Web pages constituted copyright infringement of their copyrights. The problem with basing the theory of copyright infringement on a reproduction ((1)) or distribution ((3)) of copies by the accused infringer is that the latter does not directly "reproduce" or "distribute" any copy of the original Web page. Rather, the accused infringer simply establishes a pointer that the user's browser follows to the proprietor's server and Web page.
For a pedagogically exaggerated example of the kind of framing that has incensed proprietors of copyright in Web pages, see Hypothetical Illustration of Irritating Framing, which "frames" a page titled Is Framing Copyright Infringement?. On the theory that a picture is worth 1000 words, the viewer is invited to compare the referenced pages to understand what framing is and why it annoys proprietors of framed pages.
History of copyright litigation in field.
In large part, linking and framing are not held to be copyright infringement under US and German copyright law, even though the underlying Web pages are protected under copyright law. Because the copyright-protected content is stored on a server other than that of the linking or framing person (it is stored on the plaintiff's server), there is typically no infringing "copy" made by the defendant linking or framing person (as may be essential), on which to base liability. Some European countries take a more protective view, however, and hold unauthorized framing and so-called deep linking unlawful.
Belgium.
"Belgian Association of Newspaper Editors v. Google".
In September 2006 the Belgian Association of Newspaper Editors sued Google and obtained an injunctive order from the Belgian Court of First Instance that Google must stop deep linking to Belgian newspapers without paying royalties, or else pay a fine of €1 million daily. See Finfacts Ireland, "Belgian newspapers seeking payment for Google links". Many a newspaper columns were critical of the Belgian newspapers' position.
But when we really look at the court ruling there is no conviction for using hyperlinks. Google was convicted for copyright issues in Google cache and using reproductions on Google News. The court ruled that Google News was a portal and not a search engine and that it not used snippets but reproductions on that portal. The Court also ruled using hyperlinks was not a problem, a Belgium blogger (deinternetmarketeer.be) cleared this out when getting annoyed with the fact that half of the world published false facts without checking them in the Court rule.
Denmark.
"Danish Newspaper Publishers Association v. Newsbooster".
The Bailiff's Court of Copenhagen ruled in July 2002 against the Danish website Newsbooster, holding, in a suit brought by the Danish Newspaper Publishers Association (DNPA), that Newsbooster had violated Danish copyright law by deep linking to newspaper articles on Danish newspapers' Internet sites. Newsbooster's service allows users to enter keywords to search for news stories, and then deep links to the stories are provided. The DNPA said that this conduct was "tantamount to theft." The court ruled in favor of the DNPA, not because of the mere act of linking but because Newsbooster used the links to gain commercial advantage over the DNPA, which was unlawful under the Danish Marketing Act. The court enjoined Newsbooster's service.
"home A/S v. Ofir A-S".
The Maritime and Commercial Court in Copenhagen took a somewhat different view in 2005 in a suit that home A/S, a real estate chain, brought against Ofir A-S, an Internet portal (OFiR), which maintains an Internet search engine. home A/S maintains an Internet website that has a searchable database of home's current realty listings. Ofir copied some database information, which the court held unprotected under Danish law, and also Ofir's search engine provided deep links to the advertisements for individual properties that home A/S listed, thus by-passing the home page and search engine of home A/S. The court held that the deep linking did not create infringement liability. The Court found that search engines are desirable, as well as necessary to the function of the Internet; that it is usual that search engines provide deep links; and that businesses that offer their services on the Internet must expect that deep links will be provided to their websites. Ofir's site did not use banner advertising and its search engine allowed users, if they so chose, to go to a home page rather than directly to the advertisement of an individual property. The opinion does not appear to distinguish or explain away the difference in result from that of the "Newsbooster" case.
"DNPA v. Google".
In November 2008, the DNPA, citing its success against Newsbooster, demanded that Google stop deep linking to stories in Danish newspapers without paying royalties. See Global Voices, "Deep Linking Under Fire by Newspaper Publishers".
Germany.
"Holtzbrinck v. Paperboy".
In July 2003 a German Federal Superior Court held that the Paperboy search engine could lawfully deep link to news stories. See paidContent:UK, "German Court: Deep Linking Is Legal". An appellate court then overturned the ruling, but the German Federal Supreme Court reversed in favor of Paperboy. MIP Week, "German ruling sanctions deep linking". "A sensible use of the immense wealth of information offered by the world wide web is practically impossible without drawing on the search engines and their hyperlink services (especially deep links)," the German court said.
"Decision I-20 U 42/11 Dusseldorf Court of Appeal 8 October 2011".
In Germany making content available to the public on a website by embedding the content with inline links now appears to be copyright infringement. This applies even though a copy has never been taken and kept of an image and even though the image is never “physically” part of the website. The Düsseldorf appeal court overruled the lower Court of First Instance in this case. The Defendant had included links on his blog to two photographs which appeared on the Claimant’s website. No prior permission had been sought or obtained. See "German Court: Deep Linking Is Legal"
Scotland.
"Shetland Times Ltd. v. Wills".
The first suit of prominence in the field was "Shetland Times Ltd. v. Wills", Scot. Ct. of Session (Edinburgh, 24 Oct 1996). The Shetland Times challenged use by Wills of deep linking to pages of the newspaper on which selected articles of interest appeared. The objection was that defendant Wills thus by-passed the front and intervening pages on which advertising and other material appeared in which the plaintiff had an interest but defendant did not. The Times obtained an interim interdict (Scottish for preliminary injunction) and the case then settled.
United States.
"Washington Post v. Total News".
In February 1997 the Washington Post, CNN, the Los Angeles Times, Dow Jones ("Wall Street Journal"), and Reuters sued Total News Inc. for framing their news stories on the Total News Webpage. The complaint was filed in New York federal district court. The case was settled in June 1997, on the basis that linking without framing would be used in the future.
"Ticketmaster v. Microsoft".
In April 1997 Ticketmaster Corp. sued Microsoft Corp. in Los Angeles federal district court for deep linking. Ticketmaster objected to Microsoft's bypassing the home and intermediate pages on Ticketmaster's site, claiming that Microsoft had "pilfered" its content and diluted its value. Microsoft's "Answer" raised a number of defenses explained in detail in its pleadings, including implied license, contributory negligence, and voluntary assumption of the risk. Microsoft also, argued that Ticketmaster had breached an unwritten Internet code, under which any Web site operator has the right to link to anyone else's site. A number of articles in the trade press derided Ticketmaster's suit. The case was settled in February 1999, on confidential terms. But Microsoft stopped the deep linking and instead used a link to Ticketmaster's home page.
"Kelly v. Arriba Soft".
The first important US decision in this field was that of the Ninth Circuit in "Kelly v. Arriba Soft Corp." Kelly complained, among other things, that Arriba's search engine used thumbnails to deep link to images on his Web page. The court found that Arriba's use was highly transformative, in that it made available to Internet users a functionality not previously available, and that was not otherwise readily provided — an improved way to search for images (by using visual cues instead of verbal cues). This factor, combined with the relatively slight economic harm to Kelly, tipped the fair use balance decisively in Arriba's favor.
As in other cases, Kelly objected to linking because it caused users to bypass his home page and intervening pages. He was unable, however, to show substantial economic harm. Kelly argued largely that the part of the copyright statute violated was the public display right ((5)). He was aware of the difficulties under the reproduction and distribution provisions (17 U.S.C. §§ 106(1) and (3)), which require proof that the accused infringer trafficked in copies of the protected work. The court focused on the fair use defense, however, under which it ruled in Arriba's favor.
"Perfect 10 v. Amazon".
In "Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon.com, Inc.", the Ninth Circuit again considered whether an image search engine's use of thumbnail was a fair use. Although the facts were somewhat closer than in the "Arriba Soft" case, the court nonetheless found the accused infringer's use fair because it was "highly transformative." The court explained:
We conclude that the significantly transformative nature of Google's search engine, particularly in light of its public benefit, outweighs Google's superseding and commercial uses of the thumbnails in this case. … We are also mindful of the Supreme Court's direction that "the more transformative the new work, the less will be the significance of other factors, like commercialism, that may weigh against a finding of fair use."
In addition, the court specifically addressed the copyright status of linking, in the first US appellate decision to do so:
Google does not…display a copy of full-size infringing photographic images for purposes of the Copyright Act when Google frames in-line linked images that appear on a user's computer screen. Because Google's computers do not store the photographic images, Google does not have a copy of the images for purposes of the Copyright Act. In other words, Google does not have any "material objects…in which a work is fixed…and from which the work can be perceived, reproduced, or otherwise communicated" and thus cannot communicate a copy. Instead of communicating a copy of the image, Google provides HTML instructions that direct a user's browser to a website publisher's computer that stores the full-size photographic image. Providing these HTML instructions is not equivalent to showing a copy. First, the HTML instructions are lines of text, not a photographic image. Second, HTML instructions do not themselves cause infringing images to appear on the user's computer screen. The HTML merely gives the address of the image to the user's browser. The browser then interacts with the computer that stores the infringing image. It is this interaction that causes an infringing image to appear on the user's computer screen. Google may facilitate the user's access to infringing images. However, such assistance raised only contributory liability issues and does not constitute direct infringement of the copyright owner's display rights. …While in-line linking and framing may cause some computer users to believe they are viewing a single Google webpage, the Copyright Act, unlike the Trademark Act, does not protect a copyright holder against acts that cause consumer confusion.
State of US law after "Arriba Soft" and "Perfect 10".
The "Arriba Soft" case stood for the proposition that deep linking and actual reproduction in reduced-size copies (or preparation of reduced-size derivative works) were both excusable as fair use because the defendant's use of the work did not actually or potentially divert trade in the marketplace from the first work; and also it provided the public with a previously unavailable, very useful function of the kind that copyright law exists to promote (finding desired information on the Web). The "Perfect 10" case involved similar considerations, but more of a balancing of interests was involved. The conduct was excused because the value to the public of the otherwise unavailable, useful function outweighed the impact on Perfect 10 of Google's possibly superseding use.
Moreover, in "Perfect 10", the court laid down a far-reaching precedent in favor of linking and framing, which the court gave a complete pass under copyright. It concluded that "in-line linking and framing may cause some computer users to believe they are viewing a single Google webpage, the Copyright Act . . . does not protect a copyright holder against acts that cause consumer confusion."
Pop-up advertising cases.
Pop-up advertising involves some use of linking to copyright-protected Web pages, but the linking is incidental to other issues and has not been singled out as a separate wrong. Moreover, given the breadth of the language of the "Perfect 10" opinion of the Ninth Circuit (quoted above), it appears that such a claim would be unlikely to prevail.

</doc>
<doc id="20332817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332817" title="Mambiloid languages">
Mambiloid languages

The dozen Mambiloid languages are a branch of Niger–Congo languages spoken by the Mambila and related people in Nigeria and Cameroon.
Languages.
The following classification follows Blench (2011). Languages with (?) are not listed in that source, but close to other languages according to "Ethnologue". Ndoro–Fam may be a separate branch of Benue–Congo.
"Ethnologue" also lists Njerep, which most likely lies somewhere in the Mambila–Kamkam branch. The extinct Yeni and Kasabe languages were apparently Mambiloid, the latter close to Njerep.

</doc>
<doc id="20332838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332838" title="Agrária">
Agrária

Agrária is the rugby union sports team of the student's union of the Escola Superior Agrária de Coimbra (Agrarian School of Coimbra), based in Coimbra, Portugal. The Agrária rugby team has been a major contender in the Portuguese top level rugby union championships. It has men, women and children rugby teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20332843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332843" title="Swedish general election, March 1914">
Swedish general election, March 1914

Early general elections were held in Sweden between 27 March and 7 April 1914, after the Riksdag had been prematurely dissolved by the Cabinet of Hjalmar Hammarskjöld. The General Electoral League emerged as the largest party, winning 86 of the 230 seats in the Second Chamber.

</doc>
<doc id="20332845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332845" title="Darryl Clack">
Darryl Clack

Darryl Earl Clack (born October 29, 1963 in San Antonio, Texas) is a former American football kick returner and wide receiver in the National Football League who played for the Dallas Cowboys for four years. He was inducted into the Colorado Springs Sports Hall of Fame in 2006.
Early years.
Clack, then known as "Mr. Click," began to show his prowess at Widefield High School in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Clack was at his best in track and field. He won the state championship in the 100 meters in his junior and senior years. He missed winning in a photo finish as a sophomore, but he won the 200 meters and the 400 meters in each of his last three years in high school. He set state-record times of 10.65 seconds in the 100 meters, 21.22 in the 200 and 47.95 in the 400. Widefield won team state titles in 1979, 1980 and 1981.
College career.
Clack began his college football career at Arizona State University in the 1982 season, becoming the first freshman to lead the Sun Devils in rushing in 30 years. His freshman season culminated in the Devils' victory over Oklahoma in the Fiesta Bowl, with Clack scoring a third-quarter touchdown. Even as a freshman, Clack's popularity galvanized Arizona State fans, to an extent that metal noisemakers, known as "Darryl Clackers," were sold by stadium vendors.
Clack continued to excel at Arizona State, leading the Pac-10 with an average 93.2 yards rushing per game in his sophomore year and rushing for over 1,000 yards, earning MVP honors, in his junior year. His promising collegiate career was cut short when a broken leg sidelined him as a senior (missing seven games).
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
The Dallas Cowboys drafted him in the second round of the 1986 NFL Draft, to be the backup and possible successor to Tony Dorsett, unfortunately for Clack, that was the same year that Herschel Walker arrived to the team from the USFL.
The talent level at running back, relegated him to returning kickoffs. He was the NFC's third leading kickoff returner in 1988. 
With the arrival of head coach Jimmy Johnson, he was waived as part of the rebuilding process during the 1989 season.
Cleveland Browns.
In 1990 he signed with the Cleveland Browns, but was released before the season started.
Toronto Argonauts (CFL).
In 1991 he was signed by the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League, where he played in the Grey Cup championship game. 
Orlando Thunder (WFL).
In 1992, he signed with the Orlando Thunder of the World League of American Football. He became the team's starter at running back and received All-World League honors at the end of the season.
Personal life.
After his playing days, Clack went to the University of Texas at El Paso to finish work on undergraduate and advanced degrees. He moved around the business world for a time but has settled into the banking business. He is currently a vice president at Compass Bank in Tempe, Arizona, not far from the Arizona State University campus.

</doc>
<doc id="20332856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332856" title="Fútbol Alcobendas Sport">
Fútbol Alcobendas Sport

Fútbol Alcobendas Sport is a Spanish football club based in Alcobendas, in the autonomous community of Madrid. Founded in 1995 it plays in Tercera División – Group 7, holding home games at "Polideportivo José Caballero", which has a capacity of 3,000 spectators.
History.
Founded in 1995 as "Soto de la Moraleja", Alcobendas first reached the fourth division in 2006–07, finishing in fourteenth position. Changing its name to "Soto Alcobendas Club de Fútbol" in 2006, the team was again renamed the following year, to "Alcobendas Sport", with the intention to cover the entire city. 
In 1970, another club in the city was founded, Alcobendas CF. It also competed in the same divisions.

</doc>
<doc id="20332885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332885" title="Howard Phillips">
Howard Phillips

Howard Phillips may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20332888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332888" title="National Oil Corporation of Kenya">
National Oil Corporation of Kenya

The National Oil Corporation of Kenya is a state corporation of Kenya founded by Act of Parliament in 1981, with a mandate of participating in all aspects of the Kenyan petroleum industry; it is 100% owned by the Kenyan government. The company is known as National Oil or as "NOCK". Main offices are located in Nairobi.
The company is involved in "upstream activities" such as exploration, geological research, and production; and in "downstream activities" such as maintenance of a petroleum products retail network.
Service stations.
National Oil operates 110 service stations across Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="20332890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332890" title="East Bakersfield High School">
East Bakersfield High School

East Bakersfield High School is a high school located in Bakersfield, CA.
East Bakersfield High School was built in 1938. It is the second oldest high school in Bakersfield, after Bakersfield High School. 
Academics.
All students enrolled at EBHS must at least meet the following criteria before graduation:
Freshmen Starting August 2013 will need 200 hours community Service to Graduate. 
In total, 220 credits are necessary for a student at EBHS to graduate. Also, every student who graduates must pass the CAHSEE and an approved Algebra course.
Athletics.
The athletic director for EBHS is Ted Armijo. EBHS sports teams are called the Blades, and have their home games on campus. The Blades participate in the Southeast Yosemite League (Div. II, CIF Central Section) and have Varsity, JV and Frosh/Soph teams. Below are all the sports that EBHS participates in and their respective seasons:
Fall
Winter
Spring

</doc>
<doc id="20332900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332900" title="Sherwood Manor">
Sherwood Manor

Sherwood Manor can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20332911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332911" title="Anna Karenina (Eifman)">
Anna Karenina (Eifman)

The ballet Anna Karenina was choreographed by Boris Eifman and had its world première in Saint Petersburg on Saturday, 2 April 2005. Its plot was based on the novel "Anna Karenina" by Leo Tolstoy. The music is by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and included excerpts from: 

</doc>
<doc id="20332921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332921" title="Đỗ Mậu">
Đỗ Mậu

Major General Đỗ Mậu (1 January 1917 – 11 April 2002) was an officer in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) best known for his roles as a recruiting strategist in both the 1963 coup that toppled President Ngô Đình Diệm and the 1964 coup led by General Nguyễn Khánh that deposed the junta of General Dương Văn Minh. He was born in Quảng Bình Province.
Having abandoned the Communist-led Việt Minh resistance to join the Vietnamese National Army, the predecessor of the ARVN, Mau rose to be head of military security under Diệm. At that time a colonel with no troops to command, Mậu was nevertheless an important member of the conspiracy due to his liaisons with a wide number of officers, which allowed him to recruit widely for coup participants. He initially tried to organize a coup group himself with Colonel Phạm Ngọc Thảo, an undetected communist agent bent on maximising infighting, and disillusioned intelligence director Trần Kim Tuyến mainly consisting of mid-level officers. Later this group was integrated into the main plot led by a group of generals; Mậu had helped to liaise between some of these generals. He also concocted false data to convince Diệm to send the ARVN Special Forces—mainly used to defend Diệm and his family from coups in Saigon—into the countryside to battle a non-existent large-scale communist attack. The coup was successful and Diệm was captured and executed.
After the coup, Mậu was promoted to major general and made one of 12 members of the ruling junta. Fearing his political skills, the leading generals tried to sideline him and placed him in the non-influential post of Information Minister, where he censored newspapers. Mậu responded by plotting his own coup, joining forces with Nguyễn Khánh, Dương Văn Đức and Trần Thiện Khiêm, Nguyễn Chánh Thi and Dương Ngọc Lắm. Three months after Diệm was deposed, the next coup was successful without needing a battle. Mậu was then made one of three deputy prime ministers, overseeing social and cultural affairs. Disillusioned with Khánh's tendency toward military dictatorship, and isolated by the young generals, Mậu retired from the military for good in 1964.
Early years and career.
During the 1940s, Mậu had joined the Việt Minh resistance as a Battalion Commanding officer in the Central Vietnam, but became disillusioned by Communist cadres. He then joined the French-backed Vietnamese National Army (VNA) of the State of Vietnam and trained at a French military academy. A quietly spoken officer, Mậu rose up the ranks, and the VNA became the ARVN after the State of Vietnam became the Republic of Vietnam when Prime Minister Diệm deposed Bảo Đại and declared himself president in a fraudulent referendum organised by Diệm's brother and advisor, Ngô Đình Nhu.
1963 coup.
As the director of military security, Mậu was a participant in the 1963 South Vietnamese coup that deposed and executed President Diệm and his brother and chief adviser, Ngô Đình Nhu. The ruling Ngô family came under pressure in the Buddhist crisis of 1963, when discontent among the country's Buddhist majority towards the pro-Catholic regime erupted into civil unrest. There were many conspiracies against Diệm in 1963, many of them by different cliques of military officers independent from one another. According to Ellen Hammer, there were "perhaps as many as six and possibly more" different plots, and these spanned the gamut of society to include civilian politicians, union leaders, and university students.
In mid-1963, one group consisted of mid-level officers such as colonels, majors, and captains. Mậu was in this group, which was coordinated by Trần Kim Tuyến, South Vietnam's director of intelligence. Tuyến had been a palace insider, but a rift had developed in recent years, and he began to plot as early as 1962. As South Vietnam was a police state, Tuyến was an extremely powerful figure with many contacts. Another in the group was Colonel Phạm Ngọc Thảo, an undetected communist agent who was deliberately fomenting infighting among the officers and mismanaging the Strategic Hamlet Program in order to destabilize the Saigon government.
Tuyến's group had many officers who were members of the opposition Việt Nam Quốc Dân Đảng and Đại Việt Quốc Dân Đảng parties, which had been discriminated against in promotions, which were preferentially given to members of the regime's secret Cần Lao Party. These included commanders of airborne, marine and tank units from the 5th Division, mostly at battalion level. As Mậu was in a role that involved coordinating with other senior officers, he was an effective conduit for coup plotting. He was popular and needed by the other officers as he was able to keep compromising information about them from Ngô Đình Nhu, Diệm's younger brother and main strategist.
When Tuyến's machinations were discovered, he was exiled by Nhu. Mậu and Thảo took over but their initial coup plans for July 15 were shelved when American CIA agent Lucien Conein instructed Thảo's superior, General Trần Thiện Khiêm, the head of the army, to stop the coup on the grounds that it was premature. Thảo and Mậu's group resumed plotting, intending to move on 24 October, and they recruited a total of 3,000 men. They augmented their forces with an assortment of officers from auxiliary units such as from the Signal Corps, Transportation Corps and some Vietnam Air Force pilots. Mậu enlisted the help of Khiêm following Tuyến's departure into exile. Mậu gained the cooperation of an assortment of military and civilian dissidents known as the Military and Civilian Front for the Revolution in Vietnam (MCFRV). The MCFRV started to plot independently in August, and was led by a cousin of Mậu.
Following the Xá Lợi Pagoda raids, the senior generals started their own plot in earnest. General Trần Văn Đôn, nominally a high-ranking general, but without command of troops because the palace distrusted him, was sought out by Mậu, who wanted to collaborate. Mậu later accompanied the ranking general in the plot, Dương Văn Minh, on recruitment campaigns. Despite his high rank, Minh was out of favour and served as the Presidential Military Advisor, a meaningless desk job where he had no subordinates in the field and no access to soldiers. Mậu helped Minh to secure the cooperation of General Nguyễn Khánh, who commanded the II Corps that oversaw the central highlands of the country, and Colonel Nguyễn Văn Thiệu, who commanded the 5th Division based just outside the capital Saigon in Biên Hòa. According to Thiệu, Mậu and Minh had promised to establish a more strongly anti-communist government, to expel Nhu and his wife, Madame Nhu, from the country and keep Diệm as a figurehead president. In October, the younger officers' plot was integrated into the generals' larger group, which was more likely to succeed, as Khiêm and Mậu were involved with both groups. The coup was successfully executed on 1 November 1963 under the leadership of Generals Minh and Đôn.
When the coup was about to take place, Mậu helped to get to weaken loyalist forces. Mậu concocted military intelligence reports with false data claiming the Việt Cộng was massing outside the capital for an offensive. He then convinced Diệm and Nhu to send several companies of ARVN Special Forces personnel out of the capital to fight the communists. The United States had cut off funding for the CIA-trained Special Forces because Diệm used them to stop coups, repress dissidents and attack Buddhist pagodas in the capital instead of combating the communists in rural areas. Mậu's deception meant that what was effectively a private unit of the Ngô family would be unable to defend them.
Another of Diệm's younger brothers, Ngô Đình Cẩn, began to suspect Mậu and told the palace, which told army chief General Trần Thiện Khiêm to have Mậu arrested. However, Khiêm, also part of the plot, deliberately procrastinated and Mậu remained free. In the meantime, it was too late for the brothers to bring their loyalists back into the capital. Mậu helped to organise a lunchtime meeting at Joint General Staff Headquarters at Tân Sơn Nhứt Air Base and invited senior officers to the event. At 13:45 on 1 November 1963, the coup was launched, and those who remained loyal to Diệm were arrested.
Mậu found himself on the opposite side to his nephew and Air Force Lieutenant Đỏ Thơ, Diệm's aide-de-camp. Late in the evening, Thơ accompanied the Ngô brothers as they escaped the rebel siege on Gia Long Palace and absconded to the home of a Chinese supporter in Cholon. The following day the brothers were captured and executed. Thơ died in action a few months later in a plane crash.
After the coup was successfully executed, the media learned about the conspiracy organised by Tuyến and Thảo which was more advanced than that of the generals before being integrated into the main plot. Đôn thought the younger officers had publicized their well-advanced plot in order to gain personal acclaim and distract attention from the generals' success, so he threatened to arrest them but Mậu intervened to protect them. Mậu was a principal tactician of the coup. He did not explicitly command troops, but had a thorough knowledge of the backgrounds of most of the ARVN officers and their strengths and weaknesses. This had allowed him to help recruit rebels, avoid loyalists and engineer the previous coup. The Military Revolutionary Council (MRC) of General Dương Văn Minh respected Mậu, but their fears about his shrewdness led them to place him in the relatively powerless post of Minister of Information, even though he was one of 12 members of the MRC. Mậu's closest aides were posted further away from any real power.
Mậu was mainly responsible for stifling anti-government sentiment. Saigon newspapers, which been able to operate liberally in the post-Diệm era, reported that the junta was paralysed because all twelve generals in the MRC had equal power. They strongly attacked Prime Minister Nguyễn Ngọc Thơ, accusing his civilian government of being "tools" of the MRC. They also questioned Thơ's activities under Diệm's presidency, accusing him of personally benefiting from corruption under Diệm's land policy. Mậu's ministry had already circulated a long list of topics which could not be reported. Thơ could no longer tolerate what was being reported about him. He called journalists into his office and assailed them for what he regarded as inaccurate, irresponsible and disloyal reporting. Thơ accused them of lying, and claimed one of the journalists was a communist while another was a drug addict. He said that his administration would "take steps to meet the situation" if the media did not behave responsibly. The next day Mậu's ministry closed down three newspapers for "disloyalty". During this time, Mậu enacted the "Golden Rules" to govern media conduct: Do not promote Communism or neutralism. Do not endanger national security or the army's morale. Do not spread false news of any kind. Do not slander individuals. Do not bolster vices.
1964 coup.
Disgruntled, Mậu began recruiting for a coup against Minh's MRC, sounding out exiles in Cambodia and France as well as those who had returned after the overthrow of Diệm. Mậu started by targeting General Nguyễn Khánh, who was moved from the II Corps in the central highlands to the I Corps in the far north of South Vietnam. This, it was speculated, was to keep him far away from Saigon. This was contrary to Khánh's request for a transfer to the Mekong Delta close to Saigon. Khánh made no attempt to hide his anger at not being given a more important job by the MRC. Khánh had long been regarded as an ambitious and unscrupulous officer by his colleagues, and he had a reputation for switching sides in high-level disputes for personal gain. 
The most important link in Mậu's plan was Colonel Nguyễn Chánh Thi, the former paratroop commander who had fled to Cambodia in the wake of the failed 1960 coup attempt against Diệm. Mậu persuaded the junta to install Thi as Khánh's deputy in I Corps. He tricked the junta into doing so by reasoning that Khánh had largely been responsible for putting down the 1960 revolt and that Thi would be an ideal mechanism for keeping Khánh in check, whom they distrusted. Privately, Mậu predicted Thi would be a bridge between him in Saigon and Khánh in Huế. Mậu recruited General Trần Thiện Khiêm, who had worked with him during the November 1963 coup. Khiêm had assisted Diệm in putting down the 1960 plot and had since been demoted from being Chief of Staff of the ARVN to the commander of the III Corps that surrounded Saigon following Diệm's fall. Khiêm joined the plot and controlled the divisions surrounding the capital. Khiêm, Khánh and Mậu kept in touch surreptitiously on a regular basis, supplementing their forces with an assortment of Marine, Air Force and Special Forces officers. Mậu recruited the chief of the Civil Guard, Dương Ngọc Lắm who was under investigation by the junta for swindling military funds, and General Dương Văn Đức, who had recently returned from Paris and was an assistant to General Lê Văn Kim, the chief of the junta's general staff.
At the time, there was innuendo that some generals in the MRC would become neutralist and stop fighting the communists, and that they were plotting with French President Charles de Gaulle, who supported such a solution in order to remove the US presence. Đức used his French experience to concoct some plausible sounding and incriminating documents for Mậu, which purported to show that some junta members were French agents. Some of the documents were leaked to some senior American officials. In January 1964, troops led by Khánh, Khiêm, and Thi overthrew the MRC in a bloodless coup. Khánh assumed control of a new junta, and Mậu was one three Deputy Prime Ministers, overseeing social and cultural affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20332929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332929" title="Swedish general election, September 1914">
Swedish general election, September 1914

Early general elections were held in Sweden 5 and 13 September 1914, the second that year. Although the General Electoral League received the most votes, the Swedish Social Democratic Party emerged as the largest party, winning 87 of the 230 seats in the Second Chamber.

</doc>
<doc id="20332966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332966" title="Thomas B. Dewey">
Thomas B. Dewey

Thomas Blanchard Dewey (Elkhart, Indiana, March 6, 1915 – Tempe, Arizona, April 1981) was an American author of hard boiled crime novels. He created two series of novels: the first one featuring Mac, a private investigator from Chicago, and the second one with Pete Schoefield.

</doc>
<doc id="20332991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332991" title="Jeff Byers">
Jeff Byers

Jeff Byers (born September 7, 1985) is an American football center for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League. He played his college football for the University of Southern California.
High school career.
Byers attended Loveland High School, where he participated in basketball, track and excelled at football. In 2003 he played both offense and defense: That season, on defense as a defensive lineman, he had 203 tackles, 56 tackles for loss, 10 sacks, 14 forced fumbles and 3 fumble recoveries (with a touchdown). On offense, as a center he recorded 34 pancake blocks in one game and never allowed a sack in his career. Loveland won the Class 4A state championship in 2003. He was named the 2004 Gatorade Player of the Year, as the nation's top high school football player.
College career.
Although Byers arrived at USC as a center, the Trojans already had then-sophomore Ryan Kalil who kept the position for three seasons; as a result, he moved to left guard. As a freshman, Byers started 4 and played in all 13 games during the 2004 season, as the Trojans went on to win the National Championship.
In the spring before the 2005 season, Byers had hip surgery and missed the entire season under a medical redshirt. He started the 2006 season as a reserve in the opening game against Arkansas, but suffered a back sprain in subsequent week that required surgery. He missed the rest of the season.
Byers recovered in time for the 2007 season, where he started all 13 games: 12 starts at left offensive guard and as center against Washington State University. He missed most of the training camps the following spring after contracting Rocky Mountain spotted fever. He was able to recover and was selected as a team captain for the 2008 season. After starting all 12 regular season games, Byers was selected to the 2008 All-Pac-10 Second Team by conference coaches.
Due to the health issues that caused him to miss the 2005 and 2006 seasons, Byers petitioned the NCAA for a "clock-extension waiver". In December 2008, the NCAA granted him an additional season of eligibility.
Byers received his bachelor's degree in business administration in the summer of 2007, he is currently studying under the Master of Business Administration program at the USC Marshall School of Business. During the 2008 season, USC head coach Pete Carroll had Byers lecture the entire team on the subprime mortgage crisis. He made the 2007 Pac-10 All-Academic second team.
In 2009, Byers was listed at No. 1 on "Rivals.com′s" preseason interior lineman power ranking in 2009.
With the injury of starting center Kristofer O'Dowd, Byers was moved to starting center for the Trojans 2009 season opener against San Jose State.
Professional career.
2010 NFL Draft.
Undrafted in the 2010 NFL Draft, Byers was signed by his former college coach, Pete Carroll, to the Seattle Seahawks on April 30, 2010, but cut before the start of the season. Byers was then added to the Denver Broncos practice squad on September 6, 2010. Byers was activated by the Broncos in December 2010, but released the following summer. Following his release by the Broncos, Byers was added to the Panthers' practice squad on September 5, 2011. He was promoted to the Panthers' active roster on December 17, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20332994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20332994" title="Swedish general election, 1917">
Swedish general election, 1917

General elections were held in Sweden between 1 and 16 September 1917. The Swedish Social Democratic Party remained the largest party, winning 86 of the 230 seats in the Second Chamber of the Riksdag. As a result the Rightist Prime Minister Carl Swartz resigned the premiership and was replaced by Liberal leader Nils Edén.

</doc>
<doc id="20333001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333001" title="Elizabeth Norberg-Schulz">
Elizabeth Norberg-Schulz

Elizabeth Norberg-Schulz (born 27 January 1959, Oslo) is a Norwegian/Italian operatic soprano.
Early life and education.
Elizabeth Norberg-Schulz is the daughter of Norwegian architectural historian and theorist, Christian Norberg-Schulz (1926–2000), and Italian translator and writer Anna Maria de Dominicis. She grew up in Ris, Oslo. When she was young she took lessons in voice with Anne Brown, as well as lessons in piano, ballet and theatre.
She started studies at the Conservatorio di Santa Cecilia in Rome in 1974, first piano and from 1974 in voice with Rosina Vedrani Laporta, with whom she studied for ten years. She got a diploma in piano in 1978 and in voice in 1982.
She has also studied with John Shirley-Quirk, Peter Pears, and for a number of years with Elisabeth Schwarzkopf.
Career.
She has performed in many of the world's leading opera houses and companies.
including La Scala, Teatro dell'Opera di Roma, Teatro Comunale di Bologna, Teatro Massimo di Palermo, Teatro Regio di Torino, Teatro San Carlo in Naples, Teatro Carlo Felice in Genoa, La Fenice in Venice, the New York Metropolitan Opera, the Lyric Opera of Chicago, Royal Opera, Covent Garden, Opéra Bastille, La Monnaie in Brussels, Teatro Real in Madrid, Opéra de Genève, Bavarian State Opera in Munich, Vienna State Opera and the Norwegian National Opera.
Since 2006 she has been professor in voice and interpretation at the University of Stavanger in Norway.
Opera roles.
Her principal roles include: Pamina (Chicago, Madrid, Salzburg Festspiele, Staatsoper Vienna, Bologna), Susanna (Teatro la Scala Milano, Vienna), Zerlina (Rome, Napoli, Vienna), Asteria Tamerlano (Firenze, Halle, London, Teatre des Champs Elysees Paris), Adina (Teatro alla Scala Milano, Rome, Napoli, Staatsoper Vienna), Lucia (Staatsoper Vienna, Spoleto, Oslo), Norina (Munich, Hamburg, Macerata, Napoli), Nannetta (Scala Milano, Salzburg,Staatsoper Vienna, Madrid), Gilda (Vienna, Spoleto, Palermo, Treviso, Oslo), Oscar (Metropolitan Opera, Chicago, Staatsoper Vienna, Oslo), Micaëla (Opera Bastille, Rome, Oslo), Liù (Covent Garden, Athens, Bologna), Mimì (Glyndebourne Festival, Oslo), Musetta (Firenze, Staatsoper Vienna), Adele Die Fledermaus (Metropolitan Opera), Gretel (Chicago), Constance Dialogues des Carmélites (Teatro alla Scala Milano), Manon of Massenet (Staatsoper Vienna).
Her festival appearances include the Rossini Opera Festival of Pesaro where she has sung Corinna Viaggio a Riems, Anais Moise, Jemmy Guilielomo Tell and Giulia La scala di seta, Salzburg, Montreux, Spoleto, Macerata, the Beethoven Festival in Bonn, and the Handel Festival, Halle.
Concert repertoire.
Her concert appearances have included: the Berlin Philharmonic (Schumann Requiem für Mignon and Brahms Requiem with Abbado), Vienna Philharmonic (Mozart Mass in C minor with Solti, Brahms Requiem with Abbado), I Filarmonici della Scala (Mozart Requiem with Muti, and with Gergiev), Orchestra Nazionale di RAI (Mahler 2 and 4. and Der Wein with Tate), Dresden Staatskapelle (Beethoven 9, Strauss Lieder and Mozart Requiem, all with Sinopoli), Munich Philharmonic (Pergolesi Salve Regina with Abbado and Lily Boulanger Clarières dans le Ciel with Viotti), Bayersicher Rundfunk (Mahler 8 with Sir Colin Davis), Oslo Philharmonic (Mahler 4° with Sinopoli, opera recital with Jansons), Bergen Philharmonic (Mahler 4°, Berg Sieben Furhe Lieder, De Falla Atlantide, Brahms Requiem with Ceccato), New York Philharmonic (Debussy Le Martyr de Saint Sebastien with Masur), Chicago Symphony (Haydn Creation with Solti), San Francisco Symphony (Brahms Requiem with Blomstedt), Boston Symphony (L’Enfant et les Sortilèges with Ozawa), Orchestre de Paris (Mahler 2° and Beethoven 9° with Bychkow).
Awards.
Early in her career she won the Salzburg "Mozart Wettbewerb" and the Spoleto "Sperimentale" prizes, and in 1993, she was awarded the Grieg Prize by the Grieg Academy in Oslo. She has also received the "Minerva Prize" (2004) and the "Verdi Prize" (2006). In 2004, King Harald V of Norway, made her a Knight of the Order of St. Olav, and in 2006, the Italian President Giorgio Napolitano made her a "Commander of the Italian Republic".
Recordings.
Norberg-Schulz's recordings for Philips, Decca, EMI, Ricordi and BMG include Mozart's "Mass in C minor", Verdi's "Falstaff" with Solti (Nanetta), Brahms' "Ein deutsches Requiem" with Blomstedt (Grammy Award), Mahler's Symphony Number 8 with Sir Colin Davis, and "Tamerlano" with Trevor Pinnock (Asteria). She has also recorded a recital disc of songs by Edvard Grieg with the pianist Håvard Gims which received the Grieg Award.
Personal life.
Norberg-Schulz is married to Italian conductor Vittorio Bonolis. The couple have one son.

</doc>
<doc id="20333016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333016" title="Swedish general election, 1914">
Swedish general election, 1914

Two Swedish general elections were held in 1914:

</doc>
<doc id="20333018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333018" title="Charlie Bird Explores">
Charlie Bird Explores

Charlie Bird Explores is the title of a series of documentary films shot by RTÉ News and Current Affairs chief news correspondent Charlie Bird, in which the reporter sets off to explore some of the most beautiful and remote places in the far corners of the planet Earth and moans about having to do so. The series broadcast over a number of years features Bird's adventures in the Arctic, the Ganges and the Amazon. The documentaries are produced by Crossing the Line Films.
For his Amazon journey, Bird crossed South America from ocean to ocean, tracing the course of the Amazon River and, somewhat annoyingly to many viewers, complaining about everything associated with the Amazon along the way. En route he tells the story of this region and how it plays a crucial role in global warming and environment change. For his Ganges trek, Bird took a path from the sea to the river's source, battling from the Bay of Bengal to the Himalayas along the river. In the Arctic, filmed in 2008, Bird met the Inuit community in Grise Fiord, Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="20333054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333054" title="John Lanzendorf">
John Lanzendorf

John J. Lanzendorf (born 1946) is an American hairstylist who amassed one of the world's largest collections of dinosaur-themed artwork. The collection is now owned by the Children's Museum of Indianapolis. 
Lanzendorf lives in the Gold Coast neighborhood of Chicago. During the 1970s and 1980s, he earned a reputation as one of the favorite hairstylists of Chicago's socialites. He worked with the fashion photographer Victor Skrebneski and had his own studio on Chicago's Oak Street. 
Lanzendorf had begun collecting dinosaur-related items as a child, when he found a small plastic dinosaur toy in a cereal box. After recovering from cancer in the early 1990s, he started purchasing sculptures, paintings, and drawings from some of the best-known paleoartists, such as James Gurney, John Gurche, and Michael Skrepnick. He also acquired drawings from the University of Chicago paleontologist Paul Sereno, who became a close friend. By 2000, he owned about 500 pieces, which he kept in his one-bedroom apartment. 
In 2000, Chicago's Field Museum of Natural History displayed about seventy of Lanzendorf's "Tyrannosaurus" sculptures and paintings to complement the grand opening of their Sue the Tyrannosaurus exhibit. That same year, a coffee table book about Lazendorf's collection, "Dinosaur Imagery", was released by Academic Press. The book included a foreword by paleontologist Philip J. Currie and commentaries on the collection from other dinosaur researchers.
Lanzendorf sold his dinosaur collection to the Children's Museum of Indianapolis in 2001. He then redecorated his apartment with Asian art. Lanzendorf told an interviewer that he developed an interest in Asian artifacts after visiting fossil sites in Mongolia. He continues to support dinosaur artists with the Lanzendorf PaleoArt Prize, awarded through the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology.

</doc>
<doc id="20333074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333074" title="Sleepwalking scene">
Sleepwalking scene

The sleepwalking scene is a critically celebrated scene from William Shakespeare's tragedy "Macbeth" (1607?). The first scene in the tragedy's 5th act, the sleepwalking scene is written principally in prose, and follows the guilt-wracked, sleepwalking Lady Macbeth as she recollects horrific images and impressions from her past. The scene is Lady Macbeth's last on-stage appearance, though her death is reported later in the act. Well known phrases from the scene include "Out, damned spot!" and "All the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this little hand." The British tragedienne Sarah Siddons (1755-1831) was distinguished for her performance and interpretation of the scene.
Summary.
The sleepwalking scene opens with a conference between two characters making their first appearances, the Doctor of Physic and the Waiting-Gentlewoman. The Gentlewoman indicates Lady Macbeth has walked in her sleep. She will not report to the Doctor anything Lady Macbeth has spoken in her somnambulistic state, having no witness to confirm her testimony.
Carrying a taper, Lady Macbeth enters sleepwalking. The Doctor and the Gentlewoman stand aside to observe. The Doctor asks how Lady Macbeth came to have the light. The Gentlewoman replies that she has ordered that a light be beside her at all times (she is now afraid of the dark, having committed her crimes under its cover). Lady Macbeth rubs her hands in a washing motion. With anguish, she recalls the deaths of King Duncan, Lady Macduff, and Banquo, then leaves. The Gentlewoman and the bewildered Doctor exeunt, realizing that these are the symptoms of a guilt-ridden mind. The Doctor feels that Lady Macbeth is beyond his help, saying she has more need of "the divine than the physician". He orders the Gentlewoman to remove from Lady Macbeth the "means of all annoyance", anticipating she might commit suicide. Despite his warning, she does commit suicide off-stage.
Analysis.
A.C. Bradley indicates that, with the exception of the scene's few closing lines, the scene is entirely in prose with Lady Macbeth being the only major character in Shakespearean tragedy to make a last appearance "denied the dignity of verse." According to Bradley, Shakespeare generally assigned prose to characters exhibiting abnormal states of mind or abnormal conditions such as somnambulism, with the regular rhythm of verse being inappropriate to characters having lost their balance of mind or subject to images or impressions with no rational connection. Lady Macbeth's recollections - the blood on her hand, the clock striking, her husband's reluctance - are brought forth from her disordered mind in chance order with each image deepening her anguish. For Bradley, Lady Macbeth's "brief toneless sentences seem the only voice of truth" with the spare and simple construction of the character's diction expressing a "desolating misery."
Performances.
John Philip Kemble's 1794 Drury Lane production starred his leading lady and sister Sarah Siddons who offered a fiercely psychological portrait of Lady Macbeth. Siddons was noted for moving audiences in the sleepwalking scene with her depiction of a soul in profound torment. Siddons' interpretations contributed to the then new movement in literary criticism that focused on character as the essence of Shakespearean drama.
William Hazlitt commented on Siddons' interpretation and performance of the sleepwalking scene: In coming on in the sleeping-scene, her eyes were open, but their sense was shut. She was like a person bewildered and unconscious of what she did. Her lips moved involuntarily—all her gestures were involuntary and mechanical. She glided on and off the stage like an apparition. To have seen her in that character was an event in every one's life, not to be forgotten.

</doc>
<doc id="20333106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333106" title="Swedish general election, 1920">
Swedish general election, 1920

General elections were held in Sweden between 4 and 17 September 1920, the last before universal suffrage was introduced the following year. The Swedish Social Democratic Party remained the largest party, winning 75 of the 230 seats in the Second Chamber of the Riksdag. Later in October 1920 Hjalmar Branting was succeeded as Prime Minister by Baron Louis De Geer.

</doc>
<doc id="20333139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333139" title="Javier Pastore">
Javier Pastore

Javier Matías Pastore (born 20 June 1989) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain and the Argentina national football team as an attacking midfielder. 
He started his career with Talleres and then Huracán in his native Argentina before moving to Serie A team Palermo in 2009 for a fee of reported €4.7 million. In 2011 Ligue 1 side Paris Saint-Germain bought him for a reported €39.8 million.
Club career.
Early life.
Javier Pastore started his career in the youth system of the Argentine club Talleres. Pastore slowly worked his way up to the first team. In 2007, he made his debut in the Argentine second division under the wing of manager Ricardo Gareca. In 2007, he only managed to play five games.
Huracán.
During the 2008 season, he was loaned to Huracán of the Argentine Primera. Pastore made his professional debut for Huracán on 24 May 2008 in a 1–0 loss with River Plate. In the 2009 Clausura championship, he established himself as a regular first team player for the club under the management of Ángel Cappa. This was his breakthrough tournament, where his side narrowly missed out on the championship title. His performance against River Plate was particularly lauded where he opened the scoring with a 25-yard shot and then scored again with a piece of individual brilliance helping Huracán win 4–0 in the club's biggest win against River Plate in over 60 years. He ended up as the team's top scorer with seven goals and three assists. Pastore and teammate Matías De Federico were integral to Huracán's title challenge that season.
Palermo.
On 11 July 2009 Palermo formally announced the signing of Pastore for five years until 30 June 2014, with the transfer fee being about €4.7 million. Before his move to Palermo, the player was also linked to number of other top European clubs, including Manchester United, FC Porto, AC Milan, and Chelsea.
His debut was on 15 August in the Coppa Italia, while his debut in Serie A was eight days later. His breakthrough game was on 4 October against Juventus, when he assisted Edinson Cavani's goal in a 2–0 win, appearing in all the websites and national newspapers. He scored his first Serie A goal on 30 January 2010 in a 2–4 away defeat to Bari. In his first season at Palermo, Pastore proved himself as being a promising but inexperienced youngster, playing mostly as a second half substitute under head coaches Walter Zenga and, later, Delio Rossi. 
He then established himself as a regular under the tutelage of Rossi, playing usually in a role behind the regular striking duo of Fabrizio Miccoli and Edinson Cavani. Thanks to his performances, all praised by fans and pundits, Palermo finished off the season in 5th place, qualifying for the Europa League. In the 2010–11 season, on 14 November, Pastore scored his first career hat-trick in a derby match against Catania. On 30 July 2011, Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini revealed that a fee had been agreed over Javier Pastore's transfer to PSG.
Paris Saint-Germain.
On 6 August 2011, Paris Saint-Germain formally announced the signing of Pastore, wearing the number 27. The transfer fee throughout was €39.8 million. However due to third-party ownership by his agent "Marcelo Simonian", which would received €12.5 million (not known it included agent fee or not) and Palermo announced through its website, said the club only received €22.8 million. 
The president of Palermo, Maurizio Zamparini, had started the legal action, despite FIGC did not allowed any Italian club formed any agreement with third parties, which Zamparini risked a sports punishment for himself.
Pastore scored his first goal in a Ligue 1 match against Stade Brest in a 1–0 win on 11 September 2011.
International career.
Following a string of good performances in his first season at Italian Serie A level, Argentina head coach Diego Maradona called up Pastore for national squad duty against a Catalan representative team for an unofficial friendly game on 22 December 2009. Pastore made his debut as a second half substitute scoring a goal in the process. As the game was not a FIFA recognised representative game, Pastore did not receive a cap.
He was subsequently called up by Maradona again for a friendly game against Germany, but did not get onto the pitch. His official debut was against Canada on 25 May 2010. Pastore was included by Maradona in Argentina's 23-man squad for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. On 22 June, Pastore made his World Cup debut when he came on the pitch in the 77th minute against Greece, replacing Sergio Agüero. Argentina won the match 2–0.
On 27 June, he was again substituted on against Mexico in the 87th minute, this time replacing Maxi Rodríguez. Argentina won the match 3–1.

</doc>
<doc id="20333171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333171" title="Future of Privacy Forum">
Future of Privacy Forum

The Future of Privacy Forum is a Washington DC based think tank and advocacy group focusing on the topic of privacy. It is supported entirely by companies, including AT&T, Comcast, Facebook, Google, Intelius and Microsoft. The organization is run by Jules Polonetsky, the former chief privacy officer for AOL and Doubleclick. The founder and co-chair is Christopher Wolf, a lawyer who leads the privacy group at the law firm of Hogan & Lovells.
Polonetsky is also on the advisory board of the Center for Copyright Information, the industry-run organization in charge of the "6 strikes" graduated response system for copyright infringement.

</doc>
<doc id="20333175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333175" title="Winters High School">
Winters High School

Winters High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20333177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333177" title="Leckmelm">
Leckmelm

Leckmelm () is a small settlement on the eastern shore of Loch Broom, in Wester Ross in the Highland council area of Scotland.
It is about southeast of Ullapool, along the A835 road.
The Battle of Leckmelm took place in the area in 1586.

</doc>
<doc id="20333207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333207" title="1992 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1992 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1992 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1992–1993. The Buckeyes compiled a 8–3–1 record, including the in Orlando, Florida, where they lost 21–14 to the Georgia Bulldogs.

</doc>
<doc id="20333232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333232" title="Medicine Hat News">
Medicine Hat News

The Medicine Hat News is a daily newspaper published in Medicine Hat, Alberta. It features a city news section, a national news section, a world news section, a sports section, a comics section, and a classifieds section. 
The paper is owned by Alta Newspaper Group, which also owns the daily "Lethbridge Herald" and several weekly newspapers covering nearby rural communities. It has been published since 1885.
On Oct. 29, 1885, the first issue of the forerunner to the Medicine Hat News, the Times, was run off a tiny hand press. It’s not conclusive, but there are a number of people who are pretty sure that a boxcar embedded in a building at 525 North Railway St. is the site of the first building. Thanks to the entrepreneurial spirit of two Ontarions, teacher Thomas Braden and printer Andrew Armour, Medicine Hat was home to a newspaper, a community booster, a voice for southeastern Alberta and a publication that residents of the area still turn to 125 years later to find out what’s happening in their backyard, their province, country and around the world.
Armour and Braden had ventured west from Ontario two years earlier, setting up a newspaper in Calgary, before looking east to Medicine Hat and the fledgling tent city that it was at that time.
In 1896, the then Medicine Hat Weekly News set up shop in a building adjacent to the former American Hotel on South Railway Street., and later moved to a two-storey building at the corner of Second and Sixth downtown in 1914. In 1958, operations moved into the adjacent Empress Theatre. 
In 1981, the News offices and printing plant moved to Dunmore Road, where it continues to operate today.
Until 1997, the News was an “afternoon” paper, but switched to a morning publication. The front page of the inaugural morning edition, on May 5, 1997, featured a story exposing unprecedented tampering by Bre-X Minerals at its gold mine in Indonesia.
Two more ownership changes occurred since 2000. In 2002, the News was sold by Thomson to the Alberta Newspaper Group. In 2008, Glacier Media Inc. assumed a 50-per-cent interest in the paper.
In 2012, the Medicine Hat News continues to be the community’s paper of record and a comprehensive source for local news and advertising.
The News is also on the web in a major way. The paper first started putting up classifieds in 1997 and now boast a comprehensive website with local, provincial, national and world news. Some 8,000 readers visit the site each day.

</doc>
<doc id="20333238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333238" title="Beta Monocerotis">
Beta Monocerotis

Beta Monocerotis (Beta Mon, β Monocerotis, β Mon) is a triple star system in the constellation of Monoceros. To the naked eye, it appears as a single star with an apparent visual magnitude of approximately 3.74, making it the brightest visible star in the constellation. A telescope shows a curved line of three pale blue stars (or pale yellow stars, depending on your scope's focus). The star system consists of three Be stars, β Monocerotis A, β Monocerotis B, and β Monocerotis C. There is also an additional visual companion star that is probably not physically close to the other three stars.
Beta Monocerotis A.
Beta Monocerotis A (Beta Mon A, β Monocerotis A, β Mon A) is a Be star with a mass of approximately 7 solar masses and a luminosity of 3,200 times the Sun's.
Beta Monocerotis B.
Beta Monocerotis B (Beta Mon B / β Monocerotis B / β Mon B) is a Be star with a mass of approximately 6.2 solar masses and a luminosity of 1,600 times the Sun's.
Beta Monocerotis C.
Beta Monocerotis C (Beta Mon C / β Monocerotis C / β Mon C) is a Be star with a mass of approximately 6 solar masses and a luminosity of 1,300 times the Sun's. This star was observed to be double in speckle interferometric observations in 1988, but this has not been confirmed by later infrared observations.
Visual companion.
The triple star system has a visual companion, "CCDM J06288-0702D", which has an apparent visual magnitude of approximately 12 and is visible approximately 25 arcseconds away from β Monocerotis A. It is probably not physically close to the other three stars, merely appearing next to them in the sky.

</doc>
<doc id="20333249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333249" title="2004 Categoría Primera A season">
2004 Categoría Primera A season

The 2004 Categoría Primera A season is the 57th season of Colombia's top-flight football league.
Campeonato Apertura.
The Campeonato Apertura (officially the 2004 Copa Mustang I for sponsorship reasons) was the first tournament of the season. It began on February 1 and ended on May 16.
Semifinals.
The second phase of the 2005-I tournament consisted of two groups of 4 teams semifinals. This was disputed by the best eight teams from the first phase of the tournament. the winners of each group will face on the finals to define a champion.
Campeonato Finalización.
The Campeonato Finalización (officially the 2004 Copa Mustang II for sponsorship reasons) was the second tournament of the season. It began on August 1 and ended on December 19.
Semifinals.
The second phase of the 2005-I tournament consisted of two groups of 4 teams semifinals. This was disputed by the best eight teams from the first phase of the tournament. the winners of each group will face on the finals to define a champion.

</doc>
<doc id="20333273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333273" title="2008 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit (Santo Domingo)">
2008 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit (Santo Domingo)

The 2008 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit at Boca Chica was held March 19–24, 2008 in Boca Chica, Dominican Republic. It was the first leg of the NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20333286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333286" title="Luib, Skye">
Luib, Skye

Luib () is a crofting and fishing settlement on the south east shore of the sea loch, Loch Ainort near Broadford, on the island of Skye in Scotland. It is in the council area of Highland.
The settlement of Dunan is 1 mile directly east of Luib, along the A87 coast road.

</doc>
<doc id="20333313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333313" title="To Be or Not to Bop">
To Be or Not to Bop

To Be, or Not . . . to Bop: Memoirs of Dizzy Gillespie is a book written by jazz musician, composer and band leader Dizzy Gillespie. He is known for being the father of the music Bebop. This book tells about his life, and what he went through to make this music flourish. The book introduces Dizzy and his friends like Charlie "Bird" Parker as they struggled to make money by playing. Later on it tells of how Dizzy became a great trumpeter and even the origin of his signature bent trumpet.

</doc>
<doc id="20333345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333345" title="Namekagon Portage">
Namekagon Portage

The Namekagon Portage (sometimes referred to as the "Namekagon Court Oreilles Portage") was a well known canoe portage connecting the St. Croix River watershed to the Chippewa River watershed and was located about five miles south of the present day city of Hayward in Sawyer County, Wisconsin. The portage ran approximately two and one-half miles from the Namekagon River (in the St. Croix River watershed) to Windigo Lake in the Chippewa River watershed. The route then proceeded from Windigo Lake through Grindstone Lake to Lac Courte Oreilles where a well known Ojibwa village was located. When using the Bois Brule River route from Lake Superior, the Namekagon Portage provided Indians and earlier traders and explorers with two major options for reaching the Mississippi River as described below.
One of the important routes from Lake Superior to the Mississippi River led southward on the Bois Brule River to the Lake Superior/Mississippi River divide. From this point, a portage of approximately two miles passed over the divide to Upper St. Croix Lake. The route then led southward down the St. Croix to its junction with the Namekagon River. At this point, there were two major alternative routes to the Mississippi River.
The most direct route continued southward down the St. Croix River to its junction with the Mississippi River near present day Hastings, Minnesota. However, this route led through territory held by Sioux Indians who were often at odds with the Ojibwa Indians of the upper St. Croix. The Ojibwa frequently acted as guides for the European explorers.
In order to avoid potential problems with the Sioux Indians on the lower St. Croix River, travelers could alternatively reach the Mississippi by way of the Chippewa River watershed. This was done by proceeding eastward from the St. Croix/Namekagon junction up the Namekagon River to the vicinity of current Hayward, Wisconsin. At this point, the route followed the Namekagon Portage across the divide between the St. Croix and Chippewa watersheds to Windigo Lake, through Grindstone Lake and Lac Courte Oreilles, and down the Couderay River to the Chippewa River which ultimately joined the Mississippi River at Lake Pepin.
Explorer Jonathan Carver passed through the area in 1767 traveling north from the Mississippi River to Lake Superior by way of the Chippewa River. His journal entry and survey journal for June 29 and 30, 1767 record his leaving the Ojibwa Indian village on Lac Courte Oreilles, passing through Grindstone Lake and Windigo Lake, and using the Namekagon Portage to reach the Namekagon River. A historical marker at the portage site (see external link below) indicates that Michel Cadotte established a fur-trading post at the northwestern end of the portage in 1784. The area was later visited by Henry Schoolcraft in 1831 who described the Namekagon Portage running from the Namekagon River to Lac Courte Oreilles by way of Windigo Lake (called by him Lac des Isles) and Grindstone Lake (called by him Lac du Gres).
The southeastern end of the Namekagon Portage is now indicated by a historical marker located approximately five and one-half miles south of Hayward on State Highway 27 (see external link below). According to statements in an opinion of the Wisconsin Attorney General, portions of the portage trail were apparently still visible and used by the general public as of 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20333358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333358" title="Ed Diachuk">
Ed Diachuk

Edward Henry Diachuk (born August 16, 1936) is a professional ice hockey player who played for the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20333363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333363" title="Vietnamese Golden Ball">
Vietnamese Golden Ball

Vietnamese Golden Ball () also referred to as "Vietnamese Footballer of the Year", is an annual association football award for the best performances of Vietnamese footballer over the previous year. Presented since 1995 by Sài Gòn Giải Phóng Newspaper. The first winner was striker Le Huynh Duc. Since 2001, It also awards Young Player of the Year, Best Woman Player of the year and Best Foreign Player of the year. The current holder of the award, as selected in 2008, is Hanoi ACB's midfielder Pham Thanh Luong.
External links.
History of Vietnamese Golden ball at Sài Gòn Giải Phóng Newspaper (Vietnamese) Part :1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.

</doc>
<doc id="20333378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333378" title="Fort de Brégançon">
Fort de Brégançon

The Fort de Brégançon served as the official retreat of the President of France from 1968 to 2013. It will become a national monument.
Location.
It rests on a small island off the French Mediterranean coast. It is connected by a short causeway to the mainland and lies in the commune of Bormes-les-Mimosas in the Var department. 
History.
The fort became a presidential residence in 1968 during the presidency of Charles de Gaulle (1890–1970). 
It was used only once by President Nicolas Sarkozy and his ex-wife Cecilia. It was also only used once by President François Hollande (born 1954) and his partner Valérie Trierweiler (born 1965), in the summer of 2012, when it was discovered it wasn't sufficiently private, and too easy of a target for papparazzi. 
In October 2013, it was announced it would become a national monument open to the public, in an effort to reduce state expenditure. Indeed, the maintenance and staffing of the property cost £200,000 a year. Instead, La Lanterne, a hunting lodge in Versailles will become the official retreat of the French President.

</doc>
<doc id="20333384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333384" title="Emmanuel Pío">
Emmanuel Pío

Emmanuel Pío (born 4 November 1988 in Baradero) is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for Club Atlético Tigre.
Career.
Pío made his first team debut for Banfield in a 3-2 win over Argentinos Juniors on 29 March 2008, he has since established himself as a regular player in the Banfield team.
In 2009 he was member of the squad that won the Apertura 2009 championship appearing in 6 games. On 13 December 2009 he celebrated with his team mates when Banfield won the Argentine championship for the first time in the history of the club.
Honours.
Banfield

</doc>
<doc id="20333388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333388" title="Wyoming Tribune Eagle">
Wyoming Tribune Eagle

The Wyoming Tribune Eagle is a daily newspaper published in Cheyenne and distributed primarily in Laramie County, Wyoming. It is the state's second largest newspaper in terms of circulation, behind the "Casper Star Tribune". The "Tribune Eagle" is also one of several newspapers serving the Front Range Urban Corridor. The paper is a consolidation of the former "Wyoming State Tribune" and "Wyoming Eagle" papers. It is owned by the McCraken family, which bought the Eagle in 1926 and the Tribune in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="20333390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333390" title="Ruchi Anand">
Ruchi Anand

Ruchi Anand is an associate professor at the American Graduate School of International Relations and Diplomacy in Paris. She is the author of several books.
Education and career.
Anand studied at the Lady Shri Ram College for Women in New Delhi and obtained a B.A. (Honors) in political science. She has an and a M.Phil. in international law from Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi. Anand obtained her teaching certificaction, an M.A. in international relations, and a Ph.D. in political science from Purdue University.
Anand has worked as an instructor at Purdue. She taught a course in International Relations at the Junior Statesmen of America Summer School at Princeton University during the summer of 2010 and during the summer of 2013. She was by far the best professor at the summer school and is truly loved by every one of her IR students! She is currently an associate professor at the American Graduate School of International Relations and Diplomacy in Paris. 

</doc>
<doc id="20333396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333396" title="Cypress Lodge">
Cypress Lodge

Cypress Lodge is an historic two-story frame country inn located at 18681 SW Conners Highway in Port Mayaca, Florida, United States. It was owned by Bessemer Properties and operated for many years by Paul Hoenshel, his wife Amy Hoenshel and their daughter, Mary Louise Hoenshel Smith.
On November 12, 2008, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20333414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333414" title="Derek Yalden">
Derek Yalden

Dr Derek William Yalden, B.Sc., Ph.D. (1940 – 5 February 2013) was a zoologist and an Honorary Reader at the University of Manchester.
After obtaining a 1st Class B.Sc. University College London in 1962, he completed his PhD on carpal bones in mammals at Royal Holloway College, under Prof. P. M. Butler, in 1965. He then worked as an Assistant Lecturer, and eventually Senior Lecturer, at the University of Manchester, School of Biological Sciences., teaching vertebrate zoology. He retired from there in 2005, after 40 years' service.
He was president of The Mammal Society from 1997 until his death, and edited their journal, "Mammal Review" from 1980-2002. He authored or co-authored over 200 scientific publications.
"Leptopelis yaldeni", (grassland forest tree frog, named by M. Largen in 1977), and "Desmomys yaldeni" (Yalden's desmomys, a rodent named by L. Lavrenchenko in 2003) are named in his honour. Both are endemic to Ethiopia.
The Derek Yalden Fund.
An expert in the mammals of the UK and of Ethiopia, Derek also took hundreds of students on field courses. To honour his memory, a fund has been set up to provide undergraduates from limited income families with financial support to help fund their field trips whilst studying at Manchester.
<refhttps://www.yourmanchester.manchester.ac.uk/NetCommunity/derekyalden</ref>
Research.
He listed his research interests as:

</doc>
<doc id="20333427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333427" title="Papigoe">
Papigoe

Papigoe is a village on the east coast of Caithness, at the head of Broad Haven Bay in the Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="20333432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333432" title="New Harbinger Publications">
New Harbinger Publications

New Harbinger Publications, Inc. is an Oakland-based American publisher of psychology, self-help, mental health and health books. Most of its psychology books focus on the areas of ACT, CBT, and DBT.
History.
New Harbinger Publications, Inc. was established in 1973. Its founders are Matthew McKay, Ph.D. and Patrick Fanning. McKay and Fanning wanted to create self-help books that taught readers skills they could use to improve their lives. 
In December 1999, Fanning resigned as president of New Harbinger to pursue his dream of being a full-time artist and writer. He continues to write books for them.
New Harbinger began distributing its own books in Fall 2003.
Specialties.
Professional Books.
New Harbinger is a leading publisher in the area of Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT). It has published 26 ACT titles, including several by Hayes, who co-founded ACT and is one of its leading theorists.
New Harbinger also publishes a number of books that use the psychological concentrations of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) and Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (DBT).
Psychological Self-Help.
New Harbinger publishes self-help books in the areas of:
Health & Wellness.
New Harbinger publishes books about health and wellness, including:
Family & Relationships.
New Harbinger publishes books about family and relationships, including:
Personal Growth.
New Harbinger publishes books about personal growth, including:
Other Categories.
New Harbinger also publishes:
In November 2008, New Harbinger began publishing e-books.
Authors.
New Harbinger’s list of authors include: Susan Albers, Edmund Bourne, Jeffrey Brantley, Nina Brown, Doc Childre, Mary Ellen Copeland, Ann Weiser Cornell, Martha Davis, Julie Fast, Holly Hazlett-Stevens, Lara Honos-Webb, Bruce Hyman, William Knaus, Randi Kreger, Stephanie Moulton Sarkis, Ronald Potter-Efron, John Preston, Glenn Schiraldi, Scott Spradlin, Susan Swartz, David Traversi, and Jeffrey Wood, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="20333435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333435" title="FDOS">
FDOS

FDOS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20333440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333440" title="Johnny Has Gone for a Soldier">
Johnny Has Gone for a Soldier

"Johnny Has Gone for a Soldier" is an English folk song. The lyrics lament the sacrifices that men and women make in going off to war.
Origins.
The tune and lyrics are very similar to the 17th century Irish tune Siúil A Rúin.

</doc>
<doc id="20333451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333451" title="Yoann Deslot">
Yoann Deslot


</doc>
<doc id="20333458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333458" title="McFee Bridge">
McFee Bridge

The McFee Bridge, also known as the St. Mary's Bridge, rises high above the St. Mary’s River and is near the Canadian Rockies International Airport and the Shadow Mountain Golf Community. The bridge is used by over 12,000 people each day to travel on highway 93/95 to Cranbrook from Kimberley and Cranbrook to Kimberley. It is right on the city boundary of northwest Cranbrook. The Bridge was built in the late 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="20333485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333485" title="2 Low Life Muthas">
2 Low Life Muthas

2 Low Life Muthas is the debut album released by rap group, Poison Clan. It was released on August 20, 1990 for Luke Records and was produced by 2 Live Crew member, Mr. Mixx. The album sold well in the South, but only managed to make it to #42 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Two singles did pretty well on the charts, "The Bitch That I Hate", peaked at #18 on the Hot Rap Singles and "Dance All Night" peaked at #14 on the Hot Rap Singles.

</doc>
<doc id="20333489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333489" title="Piperhill">
Piperhill

Piperhill is a village, located four miles south of Nairn in Nairnshire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="20333492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333492" title="Ekaterina Sokolova">
Ekaterina Sokolova

Ekaterina Sokolova ("née" Sosinova) (, ) (born 29 August 1990) is a former pair skater. She competed internationally for Israel with pairs partner and husband Fedor Sokolov. They are two-time Israeli national champions.
Personal life.
Ekaterina Sokolova was born in Moscow, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union and was raised in Russia. Sokolova and Sokolov were married in March 2008 in Moscow.
Career.
Sokolov and Sokolova began skating together in 2003. They originally represented Russia. They decided to represent Azerbaijan internationally in the 2006-2007 season but withdrew from the 2007 European Championships due to a problem with paperwork regarding their country change. They never successfully represented Azerbaijan in ISU competition.
They decided to compete for Israel in 2007. They won the 2008 Israeli national pairs title and placed 12th at the 2008 European Championships. The pair made their Grand Prix debut at the 2008 Cup of Russia, where they placed 8th. At the 2008-2009 Israeli Championships, they won the Israeli national title for the second time.
She began using her married name professionally in the 2008-2009 season.
They withdrew from the 2009 European Championships mid-competition due to injury.

</doc>
<doc id="20333504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333504" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1925">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1925

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1925 Australian federal election. The election was held on 14 November 1925.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Five seats were up for election. Two of these were for short-term vacancies: one caused by Nationalist Senator Edward Millen's death, which had been filled in the interim by Nationalist Walter Massy-Greene; and the other caused by Labor Senator Allan McDougall's death, which had been filled first by Jack Power and then by William Gibbs, both members of the Labor Party. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Nationalist Party was defending three seats. Labor Senator John Grant was not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Three seats were up for election. The Nationalist Party was defending three seats. Nationalist Senators Thomas Crawford, Harry Foll and Matthew Reid were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The Nationalist Party was defending three seats. Labor Senators Bert Hoare, Charles McHugh and James O'Loghlin were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Four seats were up for election. One of these was a short-term vacancy caused by Nationalist Senator Thomas Bakhap's death; this had been filled in the interim by Nationalist John Hayes. The Nationalist Party was defending four seats. Labor Senator James Ogden and Nationalist Senator Herbert Hays were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Four seats were up for election. One of these was a short-term vacancy caused by Labor Senator Stephen Barker's death; this had been filled in the interim by Labor's Joseph Hannan. The Nationalist Party was defending three seats. The Labor Party was defending one seat. Labor Senators John Barnes and Edward Findley were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The Nationalist Party was defending three seats. Labor Senators Charles Graham and Ted Needham and Nationalist Senator Walter Kingsmill were not up for re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="20333506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333506" title="Tom Gillis">
Tom Gillis

Thomas Charles Gillis (born July 16, 1968) is an American professional golfer.
Gillis was born in Pontiac, Michigan, and graduated from Lake Orion High School in Lake Orion, Michigan. He turned professional in 1990 after playing collegiate golf at Oakland Community College. 
Gillis played on the PGA Tour in 2010 after several years on the Nationwide Tour, and having previously competed on the PGA Tour in 2003 and 2005, and the European Tour from 1998 to 2002. He also played in several PGA and Nationwide Tour events during the 1990s.
Gillis won his first event on the Nationwide Tour at the 2009 Nationwide Tour Players Cup. He finished 5th on the money list to earn his 2010 PGA Tour card. In 2010, Gillis finished tied for fifth at the Deutsche Bank Championship. He retained his playing rights for the 2011 season, finishing 76th on the money list. His best career finish is a tie for second at the 2012 Honda Classic
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
WD = Withdrew<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="20333512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333512" title="Miller and Pflueger">
Miller and Pflueger

Miller and Pflueger was an architectural firm that formed when James Rupert Miller named Timothy L. Pflueger partner. Pflueger, at the time a rising star of San Francisco's architect community, had begun his architectural career with Miller and Colmesnil sometime in 1907 or 1908, under the tutelage of Miller, senior partner. Together, Miller and Pflueger designed a number of significant buildings in San Francisco, including the Pacific Telephone & Telegraph Company Building which was the city's tallest skyscraper for four decades.
Miller retired in 1937; Pflueger reformed the business as Timothy L. Pflueger and Associates.

</doc>
<doc id="20333517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333517" title="Sofie Garrucho">
Sofie Garrucho

Sofie Garrucho is the first FHM Philippines Girl Next Door (2005). She appeared in the cover of FHM (November 2005) issue. She has signed a contract with Viva and is a current member of the Viva Hot Babes.

</doc>
<doc id="20333523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333523" title="Holmdel and Middletown Point Turnpike">
Holmdel and Middletown Point Turnpike

The Holmdel and Middletown Point Turnpike was a turnpike in New Jersey, running northwest from Holmdel Township to Matawan. Its path is now roughly followed by New Jersey Route 34.
The Holmdel and Middletown Point Turnpike was chartered February 28, 1862 to run from Holmdel to Middletown Point, now Matawan.

</doc>
<doc id="20333538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333538" title="The Mammal Society">
The Mammal Society

The Mammal Society is a British natural history conservation charity (Charity number 278918), which acts as a professional networking, social and conservation organisation, that brings people together for the research and conservation of mammals of the British Isles. 
The Mammal Society was formed in 1954, after an inaugural meeting was held at Birmingham University that year to discuss the need for such a Society. One year later in April 1955, the first ever Spring Conference, which still runs today, was held at Exeter University. In 2004, The Mammal Society celebrated its 50th year, and in 2013, it will celebrate the 60th anniversary. 
The Mammal Society has a membership of around 2000 mammalogists, ecologists, conservationists, both experts and enthusiasts, all working to better understand mammals and the conservation challenges they face. The Society runs national surveys for mammals, including Mini Mammal Monitoring, and the Footprint Tunnel Survey. You can find more information at www.mammal.org.uk/surveys. 
The Mammal Society is also working to address the problem that mammals in the British Isles are severely under-recorded, resulting in a lack of mammal conservation progress. The Mammal Society is determined to overcome this by creating a National Mammal Atlas, the first in over 20 years, to provide vital information on mammal distribution and abundance so that informed conservation decisions can be made for species in need. In order to achieve this they are collating national mammal data and records to gather up to date information.
The Mammal Society offers a wide range of expert-led training courses for consultants, conservationists and enthusiasts alike, covering ecology, technical skills and surveying. A full list of these courses can be found here.
The Society's president was Dr. Derek Yalden, from 1997 until his death in February 2013. The current Chairman is Dr Johnny Birks.
Publications.
The Mammal Society published a number of informative books for conservationists, enthusiasts and consultants alike, as well as a scientific journal, Mammal Review.  
It also publishes a number of books. There are currently 10 species guides in the species monograph series in print. They are 24-28 page monographs which detail a species' biology, ecology and conservation. The species included are:
In June 2012, The Mammal Society published UK BAP Mammals: Interim Guidelines for Survey Methodologies, Impact Assessment & Mitigation for species for which there was previously no available guidance.
http://mammal.org.uk/bap_mammals_guidelines
The definitive publication of The Mammal Society is the 4th edition of Mammals of The British Isles Handbook. The Handbook is well established as the classic reference source detailing the biology, ecology and conservation of every mammal occurring in Britain and Ireland. The 3rd edition, dating to 1991, had long been out of press, until over 100 of the leading mammalogists, mostly members of The Mammal Society, contributed to complete this comprehensive 800-page 4th revision, published in 2008. It presents an authoritative summary of our current knowledge of mammal ecology, biology and conservation issues, with detailed accounts for every species of mammal found in or around the British Isles.
http://mammal.org.uk/handbook
External links.
www.mammal.org.uk

</doc>
<doc id="20333585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333585" title="Avoca railway station">
Avoca railway station

Avoca station is a railway station in the town of Avoca, Victoria. It was first opened on Saturday, 21 October 1876 however was closed for gauge conversion on Friday, 14 April 1995. Again the railway was opened on Sunday, 28 April 1995, then the line was booked out of service on Friday, 21 January 2005. Although no longer in use, Avoca retains a brick station building, platform and goods shed.

</doc>
<doc id="20333594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333594" title="Ride Beyond Vengeance">
Ride Beyond Vengeance

Ride Beyond Vengeance is a 1966 western film. It stars Chuck Connors, Michael Rennie, Kathryn Hays and Bill Bixby.
The film was directed by Bernard McEveety and produced by Andrew J. Fenady (written also by him) from the story "The Night of the Tiger" by Al Dewlen. Glenn Yarbrough sang the title song vocals. It was released in January 1966. The budget was an estimated $650,000.
Plot.
A census taker (James MacArthur) arrives in the Texas town of Cold Iron, with a population of 789. He goes into the local bar for a cold beer, and tells the bartender the town has an unusual number of citizens named "Jonas" and "Reprisal." He observes a painting above the bar of a violent street fight. He is then told of the events behind the fight involving a buffalo hunter and gunman named Jonas Trapp and the night the local Mexicans still call "The Night of Reprisals".
In flashback, we learn that Jonas Trapp is a poor cowboy in love with a wealthy woman named Jessie Larkin. They intend to marry despite the objections of her aunt (Gloria Grahame). The aunt sees Jonas as a man of no prospects and prefers she marry someone more substantial. 
To gain the aunt's permission, Jessie pretends to be pregnant. Jonas marries her, but quickly tires of his dull life in town. He heads for the hills without her to become a buffalo hunter, hoping to amass enough money to give Jessie the life he feels she deserves - without her aunt's involvement.
Jonas is gone for more than 10 years. He amasses a small fortune of his own and a reputation as a dangerous gunman who once fought Clay Allison and walked away. He decides it is finally time to return home. On the trail, Jonas stumbles over the campfire of an obvious rustler and is ambushed by three men: Brooks Durham, the local banker; John "Johnsey Boy" Hood, a sadistic young hustler with a love only of fine clothes and himself; and Coates, a notorious drunk. They accuse him of being the rustler and, despite his denials, beat him, take his money, then brand him with a running iron and leave him for dead.
A farmer named Hanley finds Jonas and helps nurse him to health. Trapp, learning that his money has been stolen, is consumed by a desire for revenge and heads back for Cold Iron, where he learns from his father that Jessie's aunt has died and his wife is now engaged to another man - Brooks Durham. When Jessie encounters him on the street, she doesn't recognize him. She thinks he's just another "filthy, smelly animal" and runs away.
In the course of his remaining in town, Jonas continues hunting for the men who branded him. He takes "Johnsey-Boy" Hood on his way back from romancing the lonely wife of a local farmer in hopes of cheating her out of some money. Under the threat of being "branded and gelded" by Jonas, Hood's sanity cracks. He grabs the hot iron and rams it repeatedly into his stomach as he runs screaming into the woods. He later commits suicide.
Jonas also encounters the saloon bouncer (Buddy Baer), a giant of a man whom Jonas had met the night before. He doesn't like the town laughing at him and now wants the money for the bottle Jonas took. The resulting fight is the subject of the painting we saw in the framing sequence, and the bouncer is nearly beaten to death. Only the arrival of Jonas' father stops the fight.
Hanley is revealed as one of the rustlers involved with Coates. Coates kills Hanley when the old man denies having Jonas' money. Coates reasons that Durham must have it and tries a little blackmail. Durham threatens to kill Coates, but the alcoholic Coates is beyond reasoning. Jonas runs into Durham on the street, the last man on his list, but both are ambushed by Coates, who is on a drunken rampage. Coates is eventually beaten to a pulp by Jonas, then killed when he tries for his gun. That act of violence apparently takes the thirst for revenge out of Jonas and he leaves his now-empty forty-five behind on the bar. 
When Durham finally confesses to the town what he and the other did to Jonas and that he took the money, Jonas can only knock him down in disgust and walk away. He leaves the cash - and his need for revenge - behind.
The flashback ends with Jonas mounted up and on his way out of town. His invitation to Jessie to go with him ends with her standing in the street as she watches him ride off. 
The film ends with the bartender showing off the pistol Jonas left behind. He and the census taker wonder if Jessie left with Jonas. The bartender wants to believe she did, but the census taker says she probably didn't, echoing the film's song, says "You can never go home again."

</doc>
<doc id="20333604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333604" title="Monmouth County Plank Road">
Monmouth County Plank Road

The Monmouth County Plank Road was a plank road in New Jersey, running north from Freehold to Keyport by way of Matawan. Its path is now roughly followed by New Jersey Route 79.
The Monmouth County Plank Road was chartered February 20, 1850 to run from Freehold to Keyport.

</doc>
<doc id="20333612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333612" title="1991 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1991 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1991 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1991–1992. The Buckeyes compiled a 8–4 record, including the 1992 Hall of Fame Bowl in Tampa, Florida, where they lost 24–17 to the Syracuse Orangemen.

</doc>
<doc id="20333622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333622" title="Bambukic languages">
Bambukic languages

The Bambukic Yungur–Jen languages form a branch of the provisional Savanna languages, a reduced form of the Waja–Jen branch of the old Adamawa languages family (G7, G9, G10). They are spoken in eastern Nigeria.
The Waja languages were once thought to belong to this group, but are now placed with the Kam language. (See Adamawa languages.)
Languages.
Kleinewillinghöfer (1996) notes the affinities of the Bikwin languages, which were unknown to Greenberg, with the Jen languages. Subclassification follows Blench (2004).[http://www.rogerblench.info/Language/Niger-Congo/AU/Adamawa%20language%20list.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="20333626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333626" title="Zingo Transportation">
Zingo Transportation

Zingo Transportation, Inc. was a company founded in October 2005 by Atlanta entrepreneurs Jim Valentine and Charles Barfield. 
Zingo Transportation was a designated-driving service that uses the customer's own car to transport them to their home. Using a collapsible, fold-up motorbike made by Di Blasi, the driver places the motorbike in a bag in the trunk of the customers car, drives the customer to their destination, and then drives the motorbike to the next location. 
Places that Zingo operated included New Orleans, Tampa, Charlotte, Santa Barbara, Scottsdale and Macon .
See also.
Daryn Kagan Second Chance Zingo

</doc>
<doc id="20333635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333635" title="Fedor Sokolov">
Fedor Sokolov

Fedor Borisovich Sokolov (, , born 14 December 1984) is a former pair skater. He competed internationally for Israel with pairs partner and wife Ekaterina Sokolova. They are two-time Israeli national champions.
Personal life.
Fedor Sokolov was born in Moscow, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union and was raised in Russia. Sokolova and Sokolov were married in March 2008 in Moscow.
Career.
Sokolov and Sokolova began skating together in 2003. They originally represented Russia. They decided to represent Azerbaijan internationally in the 2006-2007 season but withdrew from the 2007 European Championships due to a problem with paperwork regarding their country change. They never successfully represented Azerbaijan in ISU competition. 
They decided to compete for Israel in 2007. They won the 2008 Israeli national pairs title and placed 12th at the 2008 European Championships. The pair made their Grand Prix debut at the 2008 Cup of Russia, where they placed 8th. At the 2008-2009 Israeli Championships, they won the Israeli national title for the second time.
They withdrew from the 2009 European Championships mid-competition due to injury.

</doc>
<doc id="20333647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333647" title="Tremont, Indiana">
Tremont, Indiana

Tremont, Indiana, is a ghost town formerly located in what is now the Indiana Dunes State Park and Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore in Westchester Township in northern Porter County, Indiana. It was first established in 1833. It was located at the intersection of U.S. Highway 12 and County Road 100 East, near Indiana 49. The community is named for three massive sand dunes that are now contained within the State park. They are Mount Tom ( above the surrounding area), Mount Holden , and Mount Green .
Tremont was originally referred to as New City West, as City West was a settlement on the nearby shore of Lake Michigan that seemed prosperous in the mid-1830s. City West intended to become a large harbor settlement to rival Chicago, which was a small town at the time and had not yet been incorporated. However, after the Panic of 1837, City West was abandoned, becoming a ghost town without a single resident, and subsequently burnt to the ground. Despite the end of its namesake, New City West still maintained the City West Post Office and City West School. New City West became commonly called Tremont in approximately 1876 due to the establishment of one or more rail lines that used this name for their local stations.
Tremont's most important rail service was provided by the South Shore Line, an electric interurban railroad line that skirted the heart of the Indiana Dunes. For this reason, descriptions of the history of the Dunes often mention Tremont. For example, the "Prairie Club" beach house built in 1913 by landscape preservationist Jens Jensen and a group of friends was built in Tremont, close to the rail line.
Tremont was always an unincorporated community, but grew to some extent during the early 1900s and had its own commuter railroad station on the South Shore. The community soon dwindled, however, and by 1929, "scarcely a building of New City West survived." The creation of the National Lakeshore in the 1960s, and subsequent land condemnation proceedings, caused the remaining community to disperse.
Part of the former village of Tremont remains built upon, as the South Shore Line's current NICTD headquarters building and station is located adjacent to the former village center. The original Tremont railroad station was built somewhat east of the current Dune Park station and parking lots.

</doc>
<doc id="20333650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333650" title="Syre, Scotland">
Syre, Scotland

Syre () is a small settlement, located within Strath Naver, in Sutherland, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="20333691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333691" title="Leko–Nimbari languages">
Leko–Nimbari languages

The Leko–Nimbari or Chamba–Mumuye languages are a subgroup of the old Adamawa languages family (G2, G4, G5, G12), provisionally now a branch of the Savanna languages. They are spoken in northern Cameroon and eastern Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="20333696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333696" title="Direct grant grammar school">
Direct grant grammar school

A direct grant grammar school was a type of selective secondary school in England and Wales that existed between 1945 and 1976. One quarter of the places in these schools were directly funded by central government, while the remainder attracted fees, some paid by the Local Education Authority and some by private pupils. On average, the schools received just over half of their income from the state.
The status was introduced by the Education Act 1944 as a modification of an existing direct grant scheme to privately endowed schools. There were 179 direct grant grammar schools, which, together with over 1,200 grammar schools maintained by local authorities, formed the most academic tier of the Tripartite System. They varied greatly in size and composition, but, on average, achieved higher academic results than either maintained grammar schools or independent schools.
State secondary education was reorganised on comprehensive lines in the late 1960s and early 1970s. The direct grant was phased out from 1975 and the schools were required to choose between becoming maintained comprehensive schools or fully independent schools. Forty-five schools, almost all Roman Catholic, joined the state system, while a few closed. The rest (including all the secular schools) became independent and mostly remain as highly selective independent schools.
Origins.
In the 19th century, few boys and very few girls in England and Wales received secondary education, which was available only at private schools.
During this time, secondary provision expanded and adjusted to growing demand.
At the start of that century, some boarding schools like Eton College and Winchester College thrived educating the sons of the aristocracy, but most endowed grammar schools were in decline, their classical curricula seen as irrelevant to the industrial age.
These schools were reformed under the Endowed Schools Act 1869, which also led to many endowments being diverted to the creation of girls' schools.
In the meantime a range of other schools had appeared.
After the Roman Catholic Relief Act 1829 and mid-century Irish immigration, Catholic teaching orders from Ireland and mainland Europe began to establish their own grammar schools.
New proprietary schools were established, initially as joint-stock companies, converting to charities if they were successful.
One of the largest such companies was the Girls' Public Day School Company (later Trust), set up to provide an affordable academic education for girls, which had established 32 schools by 1894.
In the latter part of the century, many of the less wealthy schools received annual grants from the Department of Science and Art and from their county councils.
The grant system was restructured when the Board of Education was created in 1901 to fund early secondary schools, and the Education Act 1902 gave counties and county boroughs responsibility for schools, designating them as Local Education Authorities (LEAs).
Secondary schools controlled by voluntary bodies could receive a grant from either the Board of Education or their local authority, or both.
In return they were required to meet the Board's regulations, and were subject to the same system of inspections as state-funded schools.
Under the Education (Administrative Provisions) Act 1907, secondary schools in receipt of grant were required to admit a specified proportion of their intake, usually 25%, free of charge from state elementary schools.
Suitable pupils were selected using a scholarship examination.
Circular 1381, a directive issued by the Board of Education in 1926, required that schools choose a single source of grant: they could receive a "direct grant" from central government, or be "grant-aided" by their local authority.
By 1932 there were 240 secondary schools receiving a direct grant, compared with 1138 aided by local authorities.
Although this division was intended purely as an administrative convenience, local authorities gradually gained more influence over the schools they aided, in part because of the schools' weak financial position during the Great Depression.
The Depression and the falling birth rate in the pre-war years had also weakened independent schools and schools receiving the direct grant.
At the same time, the state-funded sector had grown to the point where universal secondary education seemed achievable, and changes in society had made the idea more popular.
Proposals were made for a reorganisation of the maintained sector, including a new accommodation with the voluntary schools.
In response, the Headmasters' Conference persuaded the President of the Board of Education, R.A. Butler, to establish a commission under Lord Fleming in July 1942 "to consider means whereby the association between the Public Schools ... and the general education system of the country could be developed and extended".
Direct grant scheme.
The Education Act 1944 aimed to introduce a universal system of secondary education for England and Wales.
Under the Tripartite System, there were to be three types of schools, with pupils sitting an eleven plus exam to determine which type of school they would be sent to.
The most academic tier would be the grammar school, and the Act revised the terms of the direct grant to operate alongside LEA-maintained grammar schools, many of which were former LEA-aided schools.
The latter schools, unable to cope with the costs of the reorganisation required by the 1944 Act, had been offered the status of voluntary controlled or voluntary aided schools, under which the state would pay all their running costs and all or most of their capital costs.
They were thus fully integrated into the state system.
The new direct grant scheme was a modification of proposals in the Fleming Report of 1944.
A direct grant grammar school would provide 25% of its places free of charge to children who had spent at least 2 years in maintained primary schools, and would reserve at least a further 25% of places to be paid for by the LEA if required.
The remaining ("residuary") places would attract fees, but no child would be admitted unless they had achieved the required standard in the eleven plus.
The schools would be inspected by Her Majesty's Inspectors of Schools, would have one third of their governing bodies appointed by the LEA, and would require the approval of the Secretary of State to raise fees or carry out building work.
The scheme was attractive to most of the direct grant schools.
Of the 231 secondary schools receiving direct grant in 1945, 196 applied to join the new scheme, with the rest becoming independent schools.
In addition 31 grant-aided schools applied to join the scheme.
Of these, 164 schools (including four formerly grant-aided schools) were accepted as direct grant grammar schools.
The list was re-opened between 1957 and 1961, when 44 applications were received, of which 15 were accepted.
There were therefore 179 direct grant grammar schools, alongside over 1200 maintained grammar schools.
Beside the Direct Grant Scheme, the Act also made provision for LEAs to fund places at independent schools in areas where there was a shortage of appropriate places in maintained schools.
For example, there might be a lack of selective places, or of selective places in Roman Catholic schools.
In the late 1960s, 56 independent schools had over 25% of their places funded by LEAs in this way, with seven of them over 75% LEA-funded.
Characteristics of the schools.
In 1966, when direct grant schools were at their height, they educated 3.1% of secondary pupils across England and Wales, while independent schools accounted for 7.1%.
For A-level students, these proportions rose to 6.2% and 14.7% respectively.
Before Culford School became coeducational in 1972, all but 2 of the schools were single sex, with a slight majority of girls' schools.
There were 56 Roman Catholic schools, 14 Church of England and 6 Methodist.
Many of the schools were in the north of England, with 46 in the historic county of Lancashire (including Manchester) and 18 in the West Riding of Yorkshire, while there were only 7 in inner London and 4 in Wales.
In 1961, an average of 59% of pupils at direct grant grammar schools were state-funded, but the proportion also varied greatly between schools.
Direct grant schools had similar teacher/pupil ratios to the maintained grammar schools, as their fees were regulated to match costs at the latter schools.
The proportion of teachers with first and second class degrees was slightly lower than in their maintained counterparts.
The principal difference from the maintained schools was greater freedom from LEA influence.
Although there was much variation, these schools as a group were middle-class institutions, with many tending to move closer to the independent schools in social composition.
On average, three-quarters of pupils came from white-collar homes, including 60% with fathers in management or the professions, while only 7% were children of semi-skilled or unskilled workers.
On average, the intake of the schools was also more academically selective than either maintained grammar schools or independent schools.
Their results were correspondingly high, with 60% of their pupils staying on to age 18 and 38% going on to university, significantly greater proportions than either of the other groups of schools.
Types of schools.
There was a great deal of variation between direct grant grammar schools.
According to the Donnison Report (discussed in the next section), the schools were of four types, though the boundaries between them were not always clear-cut.
Donnison called the first group "regional schools": large, highly academically selective day schools with large sixth forms, located near large cities, and mostly boys' schools belonging to the Headmaster's Conference.
The archetype of the direct grant grammar school, was the largest, Manchester Grammar School, whose High Master from 1945 to 1962, Eric James (elevated to the peerage in 1959), was an outspoken advocate of the "meritocracy".
In 1968 the school sent 77% of its boys on to university, a rate surpassed only by the independent Winchester College.
Close behind were such schools as Bradford Grammar School, Leeds Grammar School, Haberdashers' Aske's School and Latymer Upper School.
A large girls' school of similar academic attainment was North London Collegiate School, which had been founded in 1850 by Frances Buss.
These schools achieved university admission rates that rivalled the older public schools, which in turn moved to raise their academic standards for admission, and to increase their focus of academic achievement.
With their high profile, such schools formed the popular image of a direct grant grammar school, but they accounted for only about a quarter of them.
The second group consisted of 30 schools (23 for boys and 7 for girls) with a significant proportion (over 25%) of boarders.
Boarders made up the majority of pupils at 15 schools (all but one for boys),
including five of the six Methodist schools.
Boarding schools tended to be smaller and less academically selective than other direct grant schools, and to take a larger proportion of fee-paying pupils.
They also tended to be more socially selective, with nearly three quarters of their pupils having fathers in management or the professions.
The third group, Roman Catholic schools, made up nearly a third of the direct grant schools (19 for boys and 37 for girls).
They were predominantly day schools, though 10 of them took a small proportion of boarders.
Their fees were about 15% lower than other direct grant grammars, and they tended to take a much higher proportion of LEA-funded pupils. In 1968, 40 of these schools took over 80% of their pupils from their LEAs; the average proportion was 86%.
They also tended to be more socially mixed, with 37% of their pupils from managerial and professional homes and 16% children of semi-skilled or unskilled workers.
These schools were thus similar to the LEA-maintained Roman Catholic grammar schools, whom they outnumbered.
Lacking endowments and having lower fee income, they were less financially secure than other direct grant grammars.
The fourth group were non-denominational local grammar schools, often with an intake more able on average than in maintained grammar schools, but covering a broader range.
These included the 23 schools of the Girls' Public Day School Trust (now the Girls' Day School Trust).
Comprehensive reorganisation.
During the post-War period, many parts of the world moved from selective education to comprehensive schools catering for children of all abilities.
Dissatisfaction with the Tripartite System grew during the 1950s, with concern over the harsh division of the school population at the age of 11, and the loss to the economy of the "submerged three-quarters" in secondary modern schools.
Experiments with comprehensive schools spread from Anglesey to the Midlands and Yorkshire.
In 1964, a Labour government was elected promising "to reorganise the State secondary schools on comprehensive lines".
In the following year, the Department of Education and Science distributed Circular 10/65, requesting that Local Education Authorities prepare plans for such a reorganisation of their schools.
The Circular also requested consultation between LEAs and direct grant schools on their participation in a comprehensive system.
For this reason, direct grant schools were excluded from consideration by the Public Schools Commission set up in 1965, even though 152 of them would otherwise have fallen within its remit.
There was little progress in the local negotiations proposed in the Circular.
Two Catholic girls' schools, St Anne's Convent School, Southampton and St Anthony's School, Sunderland, converted to a fully comprehensive intake, expanding to over 1000 pupils each.
A few others proposed minor adjustments, but the vast majority were unchanged.
In view of this lack of progress, the Public Schools Commission was asked on October 1967 to add direct grant schools to its investigation.
The Commission, now chaired by David Donnison, issued its second report in 1970, concluding that "Grammar schools of the traditional kind cannot be combined with a comprehensive system of education: we must choose what we want. Fee-paying is not compatible with comprehensive education."
They recommended that the schools choose between becoming voluntary aided comprehensives and full independence, but the Conservatives came to power before any action had been taken.
Meanwhile, a trickle of schools had begun to leave the scheme, starting with Trinity School of John Whitgift, which became independent in 1968, but still had half its places funded by the LEA.
It was followed in 1970 by Oakham School, which became co-educational in the following year,
and Queen Victoria High School, which merged with The Cleveland School to form Teesside High School.
A respite was provided in the early 1970s, when Margaret Thatcher, the Conservative Education Secretary, raised the level of grant, which had been lowered by the Labour government.
Abolition and legacy.
Labour returned to power in 1974 and enacted the Direct Grant Grammar Schools (Cessation of Grant) Regulations 1975, which required schools to choose whether to become LEA-maintained comprehensive schools or independent schools without grant.
Of the 174 remaining direct grant grammar schools,
51 (two Church of England and the rest Catholic) applied to join the state sector, of which 46 were accepted.
These schools had become dependent on state funding, and the move to comprehensive education was also supported by the Roman Catholic hierarchy, often over the objections of those connected with the schools.
One school, St. Joseph's College, Stoke-on-Trent, was approved to join the state system, but became independent instead following a campaign by parents.
Elsewhere the plans proceeded over local objections, with schools closing or becoming comprehensive schools or sixth form colleges, often by merging with other schools.
The remaining schools, including all of the secular ones, either closed or became independent when their grant was phased out as the remaining state-funded pupils left.
This coincided with the mid-1970s recession, a difficult time for independent schools but doubly so for the former direct grant schools, which had just lost 25–50% of their intake.
Many local boys' schools became coeducational to replace the lost places.
However the independent sector soon recovered, and prospered without competition from state grammar schools.
An echo of the direct grant, the Assisted Places scheme was introduced by the Conservative government of Margaret Thatcher in 1981, lasting until 1997.
Approximately two-thirds of these places were held at former direct grant grammar schools.
From 1993 a small number of Roman Catholic former direct grant schools entered the state sector as grant-maintained schools.
A few secular schools have subsequently become academies.
Those that remain independent are typically highly selective, and have strong academic reputations.
In 2001, they included 61 of the 100 highest performing independent day schools.
No longer a bridge between state and private sectors, these schools have become part of a flourishing independent sector now sharply distinguished from the state system, a situation decried by the Sutton Trust as "educational apartheid".

</doc>
<doc id="20333722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333722" title="Wang Jiayue">
Wang Jiayue

Wang Jiayue (; born April 14, 1988 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese ice dancer. With former partner Meng Fei, she is the 2006 Chinese bronze medalist. They placed 12th at the 2005 Four Continents Championships. Their partnership ended in 2006.
She teamed up with Gao Chongbo in 2008. They placed 9th at the 2009 Four Continents Championships

</doc>
<doc id="20333745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333745" title="William R. Catton, Jr.">
William R. Catton, Jr.

William Robert Catton, Jr. (born January 15, 1926) is an American sociologist best known for his scholarly work in
environmental sociology and human ecology. His intellectual approach is broad and interdisciplinary. Catton's repute extends beyond academic social science due primarily to his 1980 book, "Overshoot: The Ecological Basis of Revolutionary Change". Catton has written three other books, including "From Animistic to Naturalistic Sociology" and his 2009 book "Bottleneck: Humanity's Impending Impasse". In addition he has authored numerous scholarly articles, book chapters and book reviews. He is retired from academic life and lives in Lakewood, Washington, USA.
Biography.
William Catton was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota on January 15, 1926. He served in the US Navy from 1943-46. After his military service he enrolled at Oberlin College, where he met Nancy Lewis. The two were married in 1949 and remain married in 2008. They have four sons, six grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren.
Catton graduated from Oberlin College with an A.B. degree in 1950, whereupon he entered the graduate program in sociology at the University of Washington. He earned his M.A. there in 1952 and his Ph.D. in 1954. He is now Professor Emeritus of Sociology at Washington State University. Catton served as president of the Pacific Sociological Association 1984-85 and as the first chair of the American Sociological Association Section on Environmental Sociology.
Intellectual development.
William Catton started his professional career as a mainstream sociologist, without a special focus on the environment. However, in the course of his early research he worked with John Hendee, a USFS forest ranger, and Frank Brockman, a National Parks naturalist who became Professor of Forestry at the University of Washington. Catton became sensitized to population issues by noting the congestion at campgrounds in the natural parks he visited in the northwest US and Canada. He was also influenced by the museum exhibits in the Visitor Centers in these parks.
From an early point in his career Catton was dissatisfied with the qualitative slant of sociology and wanted to put the discipline on a more quantitative and thus scientific footing. He felt that this orientation would help sociologists guide human societies to a better future. This "neopositivist" attitude was directed towards ecological issues after Catton resigned his position at the University of Washington in 1970 and moved to the University of Canterbury in Christchurch, New Zealand. He had become discouraged by the rapidly swelling student body at his old university, and by the adverse social effects of a sharp population increase in the Puget Sound region.
In New Zealand, Catton once again associated with foresters and became familiar with that country's national park system. His "Aha!" moment came at the Visitor Center in Westland National Park. An exhibit there represented the case of land newly made bare by a receding glacier. It showed the sequence of changes in vegetation at increasing distances from the retreating ice, representing earlier and earlier time periods. This example of ecological succession - the transformation of ecosystems over time - showed plant species altering their environment, thereby making it less suitable for them but more suitable for successor species. Another revelation came when he picked up the book "Violence, Monkeys, and Man", which reinforced his personal view that higher population is associated with greater stress and violence. With these two experiences, Catton's broad aim to make sociology more scientific became the specific aim to make the discipline more cognizant of the biogeochemical processes associated with the environment. This paradigm shift led quickly to the writing project that produced "Overshoot".
"Overshoot: The Ecological Basis of Revolutionary Change".
"Overshoot" was started during Catton’s three years in New Zealand, and completed after he returned to the US in 1973 to become Professor of Sociology at Washington State University. It took considerable time in the late 1970s for him to find a reputable publisher who did not assume that the market for books on ecology was saturated, so "Overshoot" was not published until 1980. During this period Catton, in collaboration with fellow scholar Riley Dunlap, produced a series of influential articles on ecological issues. Although "Overshoot" has never been a major seller, it has remained in print continuously since 1980, and it has recently been translated into Russian and Spanish.
The core message in "Overshoot" is that, "... our lifestyles, mores, institutions, patterns of interaction, values, and expectations are shaped by a cultural heritage that was formed in a time when carrying capacity exceeded the human load. A cultural heritage can outlast the conditions that produced it. That carrying capacity surplus is gone now, eroded both by population increase and immense technological enlargement of per capita resource appetites and environmental impacts. Human life is now being lived in an era of deepening carrying capacity deficit. All of the familiar aspects of human societal life are under compelling pressure to change in this new era when the load increasingly exceeds the carrying capacities of many local regions—and of a finite planet. Social disorganization, friction, demoralization, and conflict will escalate." Catton here also coined the term "Cosmeticism" for "faith that relatively superficial adjustments in our activities will keep the New World new and will perpetuate the Age of Exuberance."
"Overshoot" continues to be a source of conceptual insight and existential inspiration regarding the ecological basis of human societies, especially to those aware of the massive threat posed by peak oil, climate change and other ecological pressures Catton either identified or anticipated. Years ahead of its time because of the clarity of formulation of a fully ecological paradigm, the book supplies scientific analysis of what E.O. Wilson has called "The Bottleneck" of ecological pressures and threats resulting from human actions on the natural environment.
Intellectual Contribution and Critiques.
Positively, William Catton came of age in sociology when the major debates were about social-only theoretical orientations (structural-functionalism or consensus theory versus Marxism or conflict theory), and methodology (quantitative versus qualitative). However, his inherent attraction to nature and understanding how the earth’s ecosystems operated afforded him the insight that human social systems including their economies operate within parameters of the natural ecology or they destroy it. Catton’s primary contribution is the trailblazing articulation of an environmental sociological framework that challenged existing sociological theories in general from a completely different tack: by synthesizing sociological and ecological theory. He argued that a prevalent idea of human control over nature, instead of being a great achievement, might be only be a reflection of exploitation of natural resources that were actually finite.
To set the tone for his work and the era and intellectual conflicts in which it was published, one of his observations is that, "Monumental social changes (and troubles) in the 21st century will be misunderstood (and thus worsened, I believe) insofar as people ... continue interpreting events according to a [pre-ecological] worldview that insufficiently recognizes human society’s ultimate dependence on its ecosystem context." He originated the formulation of "Homo colossus" as a quasi-species and detritovore, ecologically distinct from ancestral "Homo sapiens". 
Negatively, after 35 years of environmental sociological work, first, Catton has done little to modify or to qualify reflexively his work that is mostly a sociological/organizational elaboration of the then popular neo-Malthusian viewpoint. Second, he maintains a false ideological assumption that past 'Homo sapiens' were different--somehow living and evolving in ecological balance--to make his case. This has been challenged both by anthropological work (Boas, 1998 (Eco Homo); Redman, 1999 (Human Impacts on Ancient Environments) and by historical environmental sociological work (Chew, 2001 (World Ecological Degradation), 2007 (The Recurring Dark Ages; Whitaker, 2009 (Ecological Revolution). This shows that humans, ancient or present, have been involved in processes that degrade their environment instead of assumptions that somehow past humans were more 'innocent' (Krech, 2000 (The Ecological Indian: Myth and History). 
Thus despite the history of environmental sociology since 1980 being a widening critique of Malthusian assumptions and assumptions of 'Eden-like' pre-modern humans, Catton remains unintegrated with this scholarship: whether in Schnaiberg's contribution (in 1980) into ecoMarxism; or later, other forms of ecological modernization; or the cultural turn of analyzing environmental issues as social construction and culture as well; or in these more historical studies demolishing the cultural ideas of some 'Edenic' past ecology of humanity.

</doc>
<doc id="20333746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333746" title="Makin' Jake">
Makin' Jake

"Makin' Jake" is an Irish comedy television programme broadcast on RTÉ Two. It follows the adventures of Jake Stevens, a character from the "Naked Camera" hidden camera TV series, as he attempts to find success in the United States. In each episode Stevens is in a different location, ranging from Hollywood, San Francisco and Las Vegas to Nashville, Miami and finally New York. Stevens is portrayed by the Irish comedian PJ Gallagher.
The very last scene in this series features a cameo appearance by "The Fixer" (another Naked Camera character played by Gallagher) as the taxi driver picking up Jake at Dublin Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="20333760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333760" title="1990 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1990 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1990 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1990–1991. The Buckeyes compiled a 7–4–1 record, including the in Memphis, Tennessee, where they lost 23–11 to the .

</doc>
<doc id="20333787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333787" title="Statutory boards of the Barbadian Government">
Statutory boards of the Barbadian Government

The statutory boards of the Barbados Government are organisations that have been given authority to perform certain functions in society. They usually report to one specific ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="20333792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333792" title="Meng Fei (figure skater)">
Meng Fei (figure skater)

Meng Fei (; born January 23, 1985 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese ice dancer.
He teamed up with partner Guo Jiameimei in 2006. They placed 11th at the 2008 Four Continents Championships.
Before that, he competed with Wang Jiayue through 2006. They were the 2006 Chinese bronze medalist. They placed 12th at the 2005 Four Continents Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20333794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333794" title="John T. Pawlikowski">
John T. Pawlikowski

John T. Pawlikowski living in Chicago is a Servite priest and Professor of Social Ethics at the Catholic Theological Union.
As member of the Catholic Theological Union since 1968, Pawlikowski was appointed to the United States Holocaust Memorial Council in 1980 by then-President Jimmy Carter. He was subsequently re-appointed by Presidents George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton. As of 2008, he chaired the Council's Subcommittee on Church Relations and served on its Executive Committee, the Committee on Conscience, and Academic Committee.
Views.
Pawlikowski has been critical of John Cornwell's book Hitler's Pope, a scathing representation of the record of Pope Pius XII and the Vatican during the Holocaust. Pawlikowski characterized Cornwall's book as "full of exaggerated claims and deceptions," "a work of deeply flawed scholarship" that "presents only the evidence that suggests predetermined view." Other scholars have expressed similar judgments about the quality of Cornwall's book.

</doc>
<doc id="20333796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333796" title="Trần Quang Khôi">
Trần Quang Khôi

Brigadier General Trần Quang Khôi was a general of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam. He commanded the ARVN III Armor Brigade and III Corps Assault Task Force (ATF) throughout III Corps Tactical Zone and in defense of the City of Bien Hoa against the final Communist Ho Chi Minh Campaign offensive in South Viet Nam.
Military service.
He served with the ARVN 5th Cavalry to Xuan Loc.
His combined-arms Task Force 318 spearheaded the Cambodian Campaign.
He organized and trained III Armor Brigade and commanded it in Cambodia.
Tran was captured at the end of the battle and spent 17 years in a re-education camp. In 1992, he was released and in 1993, he received political asylum from the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20333817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333817" title="One-off code">
One-off code

One-off code is a computer program written for a specific purpose the programmer expects not to reuse.
For example, a person might need to categorize a set of text files according to some criteria. If there are hundreds of files and he knows a suitable programming language (e.g. Perl), he might write a program to automate the process, especially if he expects the effort spent on writing a computer program to do the task will be less than that required to categorize the files manually. Further, if he expects never to have to repeat the task, a different approach than that suitable to regular categorization tasks will be likely. 
One-off code tasks may feature less formal code writing, a lack of in-code comments, and quick and dirty techniques. Conversely, a programmer expecting to have to do a given task regularly might spend more time on making the program parameterizeable, general, usable as a component or subroutine, and "presentable": suitable for publication under the programmer's name. 
Historically, interpreted languages were geared towards such one-off coding, while compiled languages existed for programs of lasting value. Today, that difference has vanished for two reasons: many interpreted languages are used in large projects (Perl, Python, etc.), and, on the other hand, some compiled languages contain facilities specifically aimed at one-off programming. For example, the compiled programming language D employs very rapid compilation (comparable to the first phase of running a Perl program), and the compiler provides a "compile and run at once" switch, many users use D for tasks where one would typically use Perl, Shell, or Python.

</doc>
<doc id="20333829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333829" title="Guo Jiameimei">
Guo Jiameimei

Guo Jiameimei (born August 16, 1991 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese ice dancer. She teamed up with partner Meng Fei in 2006. They placed 11th at the 2008 Four Continents Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20333837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333837" title="Ollie Sax">
Ollie Sax

Erik Oliver (Ollie) Sax (November 5, 1904 to March 21, 1982) was a Major League Baseball player. Sax played third base for the St. Louis Browns in the 1928 season. In 16 games, he had three hits in 17 at-bats, with four runs scored. Sax batted and threw right-handed. 
He was born in Branford, Connecticut and died in Newark, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20333839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333839" title="Basque literature">
Basque literature

Although the first instances of coherent Basque phrases and sentences go as far back as the San Millán glosses dating back to about 950AD, the large-scale damage done by periods of great instability and warfare such as the clan wars of the Middle Ages, the Carlist Wars and the Spanish Civil War have meant that very little written material predating the 16th century has survived.
The earliest surviving traces of Basque literary activity go back to the 16th century but significant production does not seem to have set in until the 17th century. Since the end of the Francoist period in Spain, the formation of a standard language and the large scale introduction to Basque into the education system, literary activity has soared and while much of the literature written in Basque remains targeted at the native audience, some Basque authors that have been translated into other languages such as Bernardo Atxaga have achieved global recognition.
The 16th century.
A few songs from the 16th century have survived, such as the "Song of the Battle of Beotibar" that deals with the battle fought in 1321 and a group of verses known as "The Burning of Mondragón" from the time of the Basque Clan Wars.
The earliest piece of prose writing in Basque is a letter written in 1537 by the Biscayan Juan de Zumárraga from Durango, the first bishop of Mexico.
Only a few years later in 1545, the first book known to have been put into print is published - a collection of poems by Bernard Etxepare, a priest from Lower Navarre in the Northern Basque Country, by the title "Linguæ Vasconum Primitiæ" ("Beginnings of the Basque Language"). In this book, Etxepare expresses his hopes that the first publication of a book in Basque will serve to invigorate the language and the culture. His efforts were undoubtedly influenced by wider movements in Europe at the time that encouraged literary production in vernacular languages rather than Latin.
Next is a recently discovered pastoral play by Joan Perez de Lazarraga (1548?—1605) by the name of "Silbero, Silbia, Doristeo and Sirena" that was produced between 1564 and 1567 in Larrea, Alava and is the earliest surviving play in Basque. With 102 pages (some damaged) it is also the longest early text.
1571 saw the publication of Joanes Leizarraga's New Testament translation into a standardised form of his Lapurdian dialect. He also wrote a small number of other religious works.
The closing years of the 16th century see another publication, this time from the South, of a collection of proverbs written in the Biscayan dialect called "Refranes y sentencias" by an unknown author. However, by this time, the centre of Basque literary production had firmly established itself in the Northern, French provinces of Lower Navarre, Labourd and Soule where it would remain for several centuries.
Although dialectal differences are clearly visible in these early texts, it is also clear that the differences in the 16th century were considerably smaller than they are today.
The 17th century.
In amongst the trickle of smaller religious works the Counter Reformation movement, which in the Basque Country had its centre in Sare, Soule, produced one of the most notable works of the 17th century. This was a religious publication, the preachings of Pedro Agerre (better known as "Axular") but in literary form, published in 1643. Although he was born in Urdax in Navarre and working in Soule, he wrote in Lapurdian which by then had established itself as the most prestigious form of Basque.
Other important authors of this century were 
Although Gipuzkoan and Biscayan enjoyed some status as literary dialects, Lapurdian was by far the most commonly used dialect of the 17th century.
The 20th Century.
Some important figures of 20th century Basque literature are Telesforo Monzón, Salbatore Mitxelena, Gabriel Aresti, Nikolas Ormaetxea, Txillardegi (the pen name of José Luis Álvarez Enparantza), Ramon Saizarbitoria, Bernardo Atxaga, Unai Elorriaga López de Letona. In addition, there are many Basque writers who have written in Spanish: Blas de Otero, and Gabriel Celaya.
Publishing.
Between 1545 and 1974, 4,000 books were published in the Basque language, whereas between 1974 and 1995 12,500 were published. Modern Basque publishing began with the establishment of Elkar in 1972, a small publishing company based in Bayonne in the French Basque country. After the death of Franco, Elkar established a second publishing operation in San Sebastián in the Spanish Basque country. Although a number of other Basque publishing houses have been subsequently established, Elkar remains the largest.

</doc>
<doc id="20333845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333845" title="Syre (disambiguation)">
Syre (disambiguation)

Syre may refer to:

</doc>
